We didn’t 
come 
this far, to 
only come 
this far

2017 Annual Report  
on Form 10-K 

2018 Notice of Annual 
Meeting & Proxy Statement

About AbbVie 
AbbVie is a global, research-driven 
biopharmaceutical company committed to 
developing innovative advanced therapies 
for some of the world’s most complex and 
critical conditions. The company’s mission 
is to use its expertise, dedicated people 
and unique approach to innovation to 
markedly improve treatments across four 
primary therapeutic areas: immunology, 
oncology, virology and neuroscience. In 
more than 75 countries, AbbVie employees 
are working every day to advance health 
solutions for people around the world.  
For more information about AbbVie,  
please visit us at www.abbvie.com.

13NOV201221365766

Dear  AbbVie  Stockholder,

2017  marked  our  fifth  year  as  AbbVie  and  proved  to  be  our  most  successful  year  since  we  launched  in  2013.

AbbVie  has  come  a  long  way  since  those  early  days  as  a  new  biopharmaceutical  company,  but  our  focus  and

dedication  to  develop  innovative  new  therapies  while  delivering  top-tier  performance  endures.  However,  we  didn’t

come  this  far,  to  only  come  this  far.  The  transformation  we  have  made  into  a  high  performing  biopharmaceutical

company  positions  us  well  to  continue  to  deliver  outstanding  performance.

Our  performance  since  inception  has  been  nothing  short  of  remarkable  with  a  consistent  track  record  of  revenue

and  adjusted  earnings  growth  at  or  near  the  top  of  our  peer  group,  whether  you  measure  that  by  our  2017,

three-year  or  five-year  performance.  Since  our  inception,  we’ve  generated  significant  stockholder  value  with  a  total

return  of  nearly  240  percent,  more  than  double  that  of  the  S&P  500  Index  and  number  one  in  our  peer  group.

In  2017,  we  delivered  our  third  consecutive  year  of  double-digit  growth  while  continuing  to  invest  for  the  future.

Full-year  revenue  grew  10  percent  to  $28.2  billion,  with  adjusted  earnings  per  share  growth  of  more  than  16  percent

to  $5.60.  Investment  in  R&D  grew  more  than  16  percent  to  $4.8  billion,  as  we  launched  three  new  products  and

indications  and  advanced  several  late-stage  programs  in  registrational  trials  and  regulatory  review.  More  than  60

programs  exploring  new  technologies  and  approaches  to  treatment  are  in  active  clinical  development  across  our  key

therapeutic  areas  and  we  remain  on  track  to  launch  more  than  20  new  products  or  indications  by  2020.  AbbVie  is

well-positioned  to  continue  to  meet  the  needs  of  patients  we  serve  with  a  pipeline  of  innovative  medicines  that  are

capable  of  generating  premier  and  sustained  growth  through  the  rest  of  the  decade  and  beyond.

Our  future  has  never  looked  better.  Humira,  the  most  widely  prescribed  autoimmune  biologic  therapy,  will

continue  to  be  an  important  growth  driver  for  several  years.  In  2017,  we  reached  global  resolution  of  our  most

advanced  patent  litigation  regarding  Humira.  Beyond  Humira,  our  portfolio  of  on-market  therapies,  combined  with  the

significant  potential  of  our  late-stage  pipeline  is  expected  to  generate  more  than  $35  billion  in  revenue  in  2025.

The  enactment  of  U.S.  tax  reform  legislation  in  2017  further  strengthens  our  ability  to  drive  meaningful  superior

long-term  performance.  We  will  continue  to  invest  globally  to  support  our  business.  We  have  also  made  a  commitment

to  increase  investment  in  our  company,  employees  and  communities  to  further  our  strategic  and  corporate  priorities.

Over  the  next  five  years,  we  will  invest  $2.5  billion  in  U.S.  capital  projects.  In  addition,  we  have  increased

compensation  for  non-executive  employees  and  accelerated  funding  of  our  pensions.  Finally,  we  are  donating  an

additional  $350  million  to  U.S.  nonprofit  organizations  in  2018,  the  largest  gift  in  AbbVie’s  history.  The  donations  will

drive  a  profound  impact  in  three  areas  that  align  with  AbbVie’s  philanthropic  pillars  of  building  strong  communities,

sustainable  health  care  systems  and  education.

We  have  demonstrated  our  strong  commitment  to  our  stockholders  as  well,  with  top-tier  dividend  growth  of

140  percent  since  our  inception.  We  remain  committed  to  using  our  robust  cash  flow  to  invest  in  our  business  to

sustain  long-term  growth  and  reward  our  stockholders  with  a  strong  return  of  capital.

We’ve  achieved  unprecedented  success  in  our  first  five  years,  but  our  work  is  not  done.  With  leading  scientific

and  industry  expertise,  our  employees  around  the  world  are  passionate  and  dedicated  to  delivering  hope  and

life-changing  innovation  to  patients  and  their  loved  ones.  We  remain  steadfast  to  our  vision  of  having  a  remarkable

impact  on  patients’  lives  and  thank  you  for  your  continued  support  of  our  company.

Sincerely,

4DEC201212233206

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer

UNITED  STATES

SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,  D.  C.  20549

FORM  10-K

(MARK  ONE)

嘺 ANNUAL  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13  OR  15(d)  OF  THE  SECURITIES

EXCHANGE  ACT  OF  1934

䡺 TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13  OR  15(d)  OF  THE  SECURITIES

OR

EXCHANGE  ACT  OF  1934

For  the  fiscal  year  ended  December  31,  2017

Commission  file  number  001-35565

13NOV201221343408

AbbVie  Inc.

(Exact  name  of  registrant  as  specified  in  its  charter)

Delaware

(State  or  other  jurisdiction  of

incorporation  or  organization)

1  North  Waukegan  Road

North  Chicago,  Illinois  60064-6400

(Address  of  principal  executive  offices)  (Zip  Code)

Securities  Registered  Pursuant  to  Section  12(b)  of  the  Act:

32-0375147

(I.R.S.  employer

identification  number)

(847)  932-7900

(Telephone  number)

Title  of  Each  Class

Name  of  Each  Exchange  on  Which  Registered

Common  Stock,  par  value  $0.01  per  share

New  York  Stock  Exchange

Chicago  Stock  Exchange

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  is  a  well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as  defined  in  Rule  405  of  the  Securities  Act.

Yes  嘺 No  䡺

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  is  not  required  to  file  reports  pursuant  to  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Act.

Yes  䡺

No  嘺

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  (1)  has  filed  all  reports  required  to  be  filed  by  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the

Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  during  the  preceding  12  months  (or  for  such  shorter  period  that  the  registrant  was  required  to  file

such  reports)  and  (2)  has  been  subject  to  such  filing  requirements  for  the  past  90  days.

Yes  嘺 No  䡺

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  submitted  electronically  and  posted  on  its  corporate  Web  site,  if  any,  every

Interactive  Data  File  required  to  be  submitted  and  posted  pursuant  to  Rule  405  of  Regulation  S-T  during  the  preceding  12  months

(or  for  such  shorter  period  that  the  registrant  was  required  to  submit  and  post  such  files).

Yes  嘺 No  䡺

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  disclosure  of  delinquent  filers  pursuant  to  Item  405  of  Regulation  S-K  (§229.405  of  this  chapter)  is

not  contained  herein,  and  will  not  be  contained,  to  the  best  of  registrant’s  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information  statements
incorporated  by  reference  in  Part  III  of  this  Form  10-K  or  any  amendment  to  this  Form  10-K.  嘺

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  is  a  large  accelerated  filer,  an  accelerated  filer,  a  non-accelerated  filer,  or  a

smaller  reporting  company.  See  the  definitions  of  ‘‘large  accelerated  filer,’’  ‘‘accelerated  filer’’  and  ‘‘smaller  reporting  company’’  in

Rule  12b-2  of  the  Exchange  Act.
Large  Accelerated  Filer  嘺

Accelerated  Filer  䡺

Non-accelerated  Filer  䡺

(Do  not  check  if  a

smaller  reporting  company)

Smaller  Reporting  Company  䡺
Emerging  Growth  Company  䡺

If  an  emerging  growth  company,  indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  has  elected  not  to  use  the  extended  transition  period  for

complying  with  any  new  or  revised  financial  accounting  standards  provided  pursuant  to  Section  13(a)  of  the  Exchange  Act.  䡺

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  is  a  shell  company  (as  defined  in  Rule  12b-2  of  the  Act).

Yes  䡺

No  嘺

The  aggregate  market  value  of  the  1,577,814,696  shares  of  voting  stock  held  by  non-affiliates  of  the  registrant,  computed  by

reference  to  the  closing  price  as  reported  on  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange,  as  of  the  last  business  day  of  AbbVie  Inc.’s  most

recently  completed  second  fiscal  quarter  (June  30,  2017),  was  $114,407,343,607.  AbbVie  has  no  nonvoting  common  equity.

Number  of  common  shares  outstanding  as  of  February  2,  2018:  1,587,972,655

DOCUMENTS  INCORPORATED  BY  REFERENCE

Portions  of  the  2018  AbbVie  Inc.  Proxy  Statement  are  incorporated  by  reference  into  Part  III.  The  Definitive  Proxy  Statement

will  be  filed  on  or  about  March  19,  2018.

ABBVIE  INC.

FORM  10-K

FOR  THE  YEAR  ENDED  DECEMBER  31,  2017

TABLE  OF  CONTENTS

PART  I

Item  1.

BUSINESS

Item  1A.

RISK  FACTORS

Item  1B. UNRESOLVED  STAFF  COMMENTS

Item  2.

PROPERTIES

Item  3.

LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS

Item  4.

MINE  SAFETY  DISCLOSURES

EXECUTIVE  OFFICERS  OF  THE  REGISTRANT

PART  II

Item  5.

MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT’S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND

ISSUER  PURCHASES  OF  EQUITY  SECURITIES

Item  6.

SELECTED  FINANCIAL  DATA

Item  7.

MANAGEMENT’S  DISCUSSION  AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL  CONDITION  AND  RESULTS  OF

OPERATIONS

Item  7A. QUANTITATIVE  AND  QUALITATIVE  DISCLOSURES  ABOUT  MARKET  RISK

Item  8.

FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND  SUPPLEMENTARY  DATA

Item  9.

CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND

FINANCIAL  DISCLOSURE

Item  9A.

CONTROLS  AND  PROCEDURES

Item  9B. OTHER  INFORMATION

PART  III

Item  10.

DIRECTORS,  EXECUTIVE  OFFICERS  AND  CORPORATE  GOVERNANCE

Item  11.

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Item  12.

SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF  CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS  AND  MANAGEMENT  AND

RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS

Item  13.

CERTAIN  RELATIONSHIPS  AND  RELATED  TRANSACTIONS,  AND  DIRECTOR  INDEPENDENCE

Item  14.

PRINCIPAL  ACCOUNTING  FEES  AND  SERVICES

PART  IV

Item  15.

EXHIBITS,  FINANCIAL  STATEMENT  SCHEDULES

Item  16.

FORM  10-K  SUMMARY

SIGNATURES

Page

No.

1

14

26

26

26

26

27

29

31

32

51

53

105

105

108

109

109

109

110

110

111

115

116

ITEM  1.  BUSINESS

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Overview

PART  I

AbbVie

  is  a  global,  research-based  biopharmaceutical  company.  AbbVie  develops  and  markets

(1)

advanced  therapies  that  address  some  of  the  world’s  most  complex  and  serious  diseases.  AbbVie’s  products

are  focused  on  treating  conditions  such  as  chronic  autoimmune  diseases  in  rheumatology,  gastroenterology

and  dermatology;  oncology,  including  blood  cancers;  virology,  including  hepatitis  C  virus  (HCV)  and  human

immunodeficiency  virus  (HIV);  neurological  disorders,  such  as  Parkinson’s  disease  and  multiple  sclerosis;

metabolic  diseases,  including  thyroid  disease  and  complications  associated  with  cystic  fibrosis;  as  well  as

other  serious  health  conditions.  AbbVie  also  has  a  pipeline  of  promising  new  medicines  in  clinical

development  across  such  important  medical  specialties  as  immunology,  oncology  and  neurology,  with

additional  targeted  investment  in  cystic  fibrosis  and  women’s  health. 

AbbVie  was  incorporated  in  Delaware  on  April  10,  2012.  On  January  1,  2013,  AbbVie  became  an

independent  company  as  a  result  of  the  distribution  by  Abbott  Laboratories  (Abbott)  of  100%  of  the

outstanding  common  stock  of  AbbVie  to  Abbott’s  shareholders.

Segments

AbbVie  operates  in  one  business  segment—pharmaceutical  products.  See  Note  15  to  the  Consolidated

Financial  Statements  and  the  sales  information  related  to  HUMIRA  included  under  Item  7,  ‘‘Management’s

Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations—Results  of  Operations.’’

Products

AbbVie’s  portfolio  of  products  includes  a  broad  line  of  therapies  that  address  some  of  the  world’s  most

complex  and  serious  diseases.

HUMIRA.

HUMIRA  (adalimumab)  is  a  biologic  therapy  administered  as  a  subcutaneous  injection.  It  is

approved  to  treat  the  following  autoimmune  diseases  in  the  United  States,  Canada  and  Mexico  (collectively,

North  America)  and  in  the  European  Union:

Condition

Principal  Markets

Rheumatoid  arthritis  (moderate  to  severe)

Psoriatic  arthritis

Ankylosing  spondylitis

Adult  Crohn’s  disease  (moderate  to  severe)

North  America,  European  Union

North  America,  European  Union

North  America,  European  Union

North  America,  European  Union

Plaque  psoriasis  (moderate  to  severe  chronic)

North  America,  European  Union

Juvenile  idiopathic  arthritis  (moderate  to  severe  polyarticular)

North  America,  European  Union

Ulcerative  colitis  (moderate  to  severe)

North  America,  European  Union

Axial  spondyloarthropathy

European  Union

Pediatric  Crohn’s  disease  (moderate  to  severe)

North  America,  European  Union

Hidradenitis  Suppurativa  (moderate  to  severe)

North  America,  European  Union

Pediatric  enthesitis-related  arthritis

European  Union

Non-infectious  intermediate,  posterior  and  panuveitis

North  America,  European  Union

HUMIRA  is  also  approved  in  Japan  for  the  treatment  of  intestinal  Beh¸cet’s  disease.

(1) As  used  throughout  the  text  of  this  report  on  Form  10-K,  the  terms  ‘‘AbbVie’’  or  ‘‘the  company’’  refer

to  AbbVie  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation,  or  AbbVie  Inc.  and  its  consolidated  subsidiaries,  as  the  context

requires.

1

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

1

HUMIRA  is  sold  in  numerous  other  markets  worldwide,  including  Japan,  China,  Brazil  and  Australia,  and

accounted  for  approximately  65%  of  AbbVie’s  total  net  revenues  in  2017.  AbbVie  continues  to  work  on

HUMIRA  formulation  and  delivery  enhancements  to  improve  convenience  and  the  overall  patient

experience.

Oncology  products.

AbbVie’s  oncology  products  target  some  of  the  most  complex  and

difficult-to-treat  cancers.  These  products  are:

IMBRUVICA.

IMBRUVICA  (ibrutinib)  is  a  first-in-class,  oral,  once-daily  therapy  that  inhibits  a

protein  called  Bruton’s  tyrosine  kinase  (BTK).  IMBRUVICA  was  one  of  the  first  medicines  to  receive  an

FDA  approval  after  being  granted  a  Breakthrough  Therapy  Designation  and  IMBRUVICA  is  one  of  the

few  therapies  to  receive  four  separate  designations.  IMBRUVICA  currently  is  approved  for  the

treatment  of  adult  patients  with:

• Chronic  lymphocytic  leukemia  (CLL)/Small  lymphocytic  lymphoma  (SLL)  and  CLL/SLL  with  17p

deletion;

• Mantle  cell  lymphoma  (MCL)  who  have  received  at  least  one  prior  therapy*;

• Waldenstr ¨om’s  macroglobulinemia  (WM);

• Marginal  zone  lymphoma  (MZL)  who  require  systemic  therapy  and  have  received  at  least  one

prior  anti-CD20-based  therapy*;  and

• Chronic  graft  versus  host  disease  (cGVHD)  after  failure  of  one  or  more  lines  of  systemic  therapy.

VENCLEXTA. VENCLEXTA  (venetoclax)  is  approved  to  treat  people  with  CLL  with  17p  deletion,

who  have  received  at  least  one  prior  treatment.  VENCLEXTA  is  the  first  FDA-approved  treatment  that

targets  the  B-cell  lymphoma  2  (BCL-2)  protein,  which  supports  cancer  cell  growth  and  is  overexpressed

in  many  patients  with  CLL.  VENCLEXTA  has  been  approved  in  the  EU  for  the  treatment  of  CLL  in

patients  with  17p  deletion  or  TP53  mutation  and  are  unsuitable  for  or  have  failed  a  B-cell  receptor

pathway  inhibitor  and  for  the  treatment  of  CLL  in  absence  of  17p  deletion  or  TP53  mutation  who  have

failed  both  chemoimmunotherapy  and  a  B-cell  receptor  pathway  inhibitor.

Virology  Products.

AbbVie’s  virology  products  address  unmet  needs  for  patients  living  with  HCV  and

HIV-1.

HCV  products.

AbbVie’s  HCV  products  are:

VIEKIRA  PAK  AND  TECHNIVIE. VIEKIRA  PAK  (ombitasvir,  paritaprevir  and  ritonavir  tablets;

dasabuvir  tablets)  is  an  all-oral,  short-course,  interferon-free  therapy,  with  or  without  ribavirin,  for

the  treatment  of  adult  patients  with  genotype  1  chronic  HCV,  including  those  with  compensated

cirrhosis.  In  Europe,  VIEKIRA  PAK  is  marketed  as  VIEKIRAX  +  EXVIERA  and  is  approved  for  use  in

patients  with  genotype  1  and  genotype  4  HCV.  AbbVie’s  TECHNIVIE  (ombitasvir,  paritaprevir  and

ritonavir)  is  FDA-approved  for  use  in  combination  with  ribavirin  for  the  treatment  of  adults  with

genotype  4  HCV  infection  in  the  United  States.

MAVYRET/MAVIRET. MAVYRET  (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir)  is  approved  in  the  United  States

and  European  Union  (MAVIRET)  for  the  treatment  of  patients  with  chronic  HCV  genotype  1-6

infection  without  cirrhosis  and  with  compensated  cirrhosis  (Child-Pugh  A).  It  is  also  indicated  for

the  treatment  of  adult  patients  with  HCV  genotype  1  infection,  who  previously  have  been  treated

with  a  regimen  containing  an  HCV  NS5A  inhibitor  or  an  NS3/4A  protease  inhibitor,  but  not  both.  It

*

Accelerated  approval  was  granted  for  this  indication  based  on  overall  response  rate.  Continued

approval  for  this  indication  may  be  contingent  upon  verification  of  clinical  benefit  in  confirmatory  trials.

2

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

2

is  an  8-week,  pan-genotypic  treatment  for  patients  without  cirrhosis  and  who  are  new  to

treatment.

Additional  Virology  products.

AbbVie’s  additional  virology  products  include:

KALETRA. KALETRA  (lopinavir/ritonavir),  which  is  also  marketed  as  Aluvia  in  emerging

markets,  is  a  prescription  anti-HIV-1  medicine  that  contains  two  protease  inhibitors:  lopinavir  and

ritonavir.  KALETRA  is  used  with  other  anti-HIV-1  medications  as  a  treatment  that  maintains  viral

suppression  in  people  with  HIV-1.

NORVIR. NORVIR  (ritonavir)  is  a  protease  inhibitor  that  is  indicated  in  combination  with

other  antiretroviral  agents  for  the  treatment  of  HIV-1  infection.

SYNAGIS.

SYNAGIS  (palivizumab)  is  a  product  marketed  by  AbbVie  outside  of  the  United

States  that  protects  at-risk  infants  from  severe  respiratory  disease  caused  by  RSV.

Metabolics/Hormones  products.

Metabolic  and  hormone  products  target  a  number  of  conditions,

including  testosterone  deficiency  due  to  certain  underlying  conditions,  exocrine  pancreatic  insufficiency  and

hypothyroidism.  These  products  include:

AndroGel. AndroGel  (testosterone  gel)  is  a  testosterone  replacement  therapy  for  males  diagnosed

with  symptomatic  low  testosterone  due  to  certain  underlying  conditions  that  is  available  in  two

strengths:  1  percent  and  1.62  percent.

CREON. CREON  (pancrelipase)  is  a  pancreatic  enzyme  therapy  for  exocrine  pancreatic

insufficiency,  a  condition  that  occurs  in  patients  with  cystic  fibrosis,  chronic  pancreatitis  and  several

other  conditions.

Synthroid.

Synthroid  (levothyroxine  sodium  tablets,  USP)  is  used  in  the  treatment  of

hypothyroidism.

AbbVie  has  the  rights  to  sell  AndroGel,  CREON  and  Synthroid  only  in  the  United  States.

Endocrinology  products.

Lupron  (leuprolide  acetate),  which  is  also  marketed  as  Lucrin  and  LUPRON

DEPOT,  is  a  product  for  the  palliative  treatment  of  advanced  prostate  cancer,  treatment  of  endometriosis

and  central  precocious  puberty  and  for  the  preoperative  treatment  of  patients  with  anemia  caused  by

uterine  fibroids.  Lupron  is  approved  for  daily  subcutaneous  injection  and  one-month,  three-month,

four-month  and  six-month  intramuscular  injection.

Other  products.

AbbVie’s  other  products  include:

Duopa  and  Duodopa  (carbidopa  and  levodopa). AbbVie’s  levodopa-carbidopa  intestinal  gel  for  the

treatment  of  advanced  Parkinson’s  disease  is  marketed  as  Duopa  in  the  United  States  and  as  Duodopa

outside  of  the  United  States.

Anesthesia  products.

Sevoflurane  (sold  under  the  trademarks  Ultane  and  Sevorane)  is  an  anesthesia

product  that  AbbVie  sells  worldwide  for  human  use.

ZINBRYTA.

ZINBRYTA  (daclizumab)  is  a  once-monthly,  self-administered,  subcutaneous  treatment  for

relapsing  forms  of  multiple  sclerosis  (MS),  which  was  approved  by  the  FDA  in  May  2016  and  by  the

European  Commission  in  July  2016.  Due  to  the  risk  of  serious  liver  damage,  the  use  of  ZINBRYTA  is

restricted  to  adult  patients  with  relapsing  forms  of  MS  who  have  had  an  inadequate  response  to  at  least

two  disease  modifying  therapies  (DMTs)  and  for  whom  treatment  with  any  other  DMT  is  contraindicated  or

otherwise  unsuitable.

3

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

3

Marketing,  Sales  and  Distribution  Capabilities

AbbVie  utilizes  a  combination  of  dedicated  commercial  resources,  regional  commercial  resources  and

distributorships  to  market,  sell  and  distribute  its  products  worldwide.

AbbVie  directs  its  primary  marketing  efforts  toward  securing  the  prescription,  or  recommendation,  of

its  brand  of  products  by  physicians,  key  opinion  leaders  and  other  health  care  providers.  Managed  care

providers  (for  example,  health  maintenance  organizations  and  pharmacy  benefit  managers),  hospitals  and

state  and  federal  government  agencies  (for  example,  the  United  States  Department  of  Veterans  Affairs  and

the  United  States  Department  of  Defense)  are  also  important  customers.  AbbVie  also  markets  directly  to

consumers  themselves,  although  in  the  United  States  all  of  the  company’s  products  must  be  sold  pursuant

to  a  prescription.  Outside  of  the  United  States,  AbbVie  focuses  its  marketing  efforts  on  key  opinion  leaders,

payers,  physicians  and  country  regulatory  bodies.  AbbVie  also  provides  patient  support  programs  closely

related  to  its  products.

AbbVie’s  products  are  generally  sold  worldwide  directly  to  wholesalers,  distributors,  government

agencies,  health  care  facilities,  specialty  pharmacies  and  independent  retailers  from  AbbVie-owned

distribution  centers  and  public  warehouses.  Although  AbbVie’s  business  does  not  have  significant

seasonality,  AbbVie’s  product  revenues  may  be  affected  by  end  customer  and  retail  buying  patterns,

fluctuations  in  wholesaler  inventory  levels  and  other  factors.

In  the  United  States,  AbbVie  distributes  pharmaceutical  products  principally  through  independent

wholesale  distributors,  with  some  sales  directly  to  pharmacies  and  patients.  In  2017,  three  wholesale

distributors  (McKesson  Corporation,  Cardinal  Health,  Inc.  and  AmerisourceBergen  Corporation)  accounted  for

substantially  all  of  AbbVie’s  sales  in  the  United  States.  No  individual  wholesaler  accounted  for  greater  than

42%  of  AbbVie’s  2017  gross  revenues  in  the  United  States.  Outside  the  United  States,  sales  are  made  either

directly  to  customers  or  through  distributors,  depending  on  the  market  served.  These  wholesalers  purchase

product  from  AbbVie  under  standard  terms  and  conditions  of  sale.

Certain  products  are  co-marketed  or  co-promoted  with  other  companies.  AbbVie  has  no  single

customer  that,  if  the  customer  were  lost,  would  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  company’s  business.

No  material  portion  of  AbbVie’s  business  is  subject  to  renegotiation  of  profits  or  termination  of  contracts  at

the  election  of  the  government.  Orders  are  generally  filled  on  a  current  basis  and  order  backlog  is  not

material  to  AbbVie’s  business.

Competition

The  markets  for  AbbVie’s  products  are  highly  competitive.  AbbVie  competes  with  other  research-based

pharmaceuticals  and  biotechnology  companies  that  discover,  manufacture,  market  and  sell  proprietary

pharmaceutical  products  and  biologics.  For  example,  HUMIRA  competes  with  anti-TNF  products  and  other

competitive  products  intended  to  treat  a  number  of  disease  states  and  AbbVie’s  virology  products  compete

with  other  available  HCV  treatment  options.  The  search  for  technological  innovations  in  pharmaceutical

products  is  a  significant  aspect  of  competition.  The  introduction  of  new  products  by  competitors  and

changes  in  medical  practices  and  procedures  can  result  in  product  obsolescence.  Price  is  also  a  competitive

factor.  In  addition,  the  substitution  of  generic  pharmaceutical  products  for  branded  pharmaceutical  products

creates  competitive  pressures  on  AbbVie’s  products  that  do  not  have  patent  protection.  New  products  or

treatments  brought  to  market  by  AbbVie’s  competitors  could  cause  revenues  for  AbbVie’s  products  to

decrease  due  to  price  reductions  and  sales  volume  decreases.

Biosimilars.

Competition  for  AbbVie’s  biologic  products  is  affected  by  the  approval  of  follow-on

biologics,  also  known  as  ‘‘biosimilars.’’  Biologics  have  added  major  therapeutic  options  for  the  treatment  of

many  diseases,  including  some  for  which  therapies  were  unavailable  or  inadequate.  The  advent  of  biologics

has  also  raised  complex  regulatory  issues  and  significant  pharmacoeconomic  concerns  because  the  cost  of

developing  and  producing  biologic  therapies  is  typically  dramatically  higher  than  for  conventional  (small

4

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

4

molecule)  medications,  and  because  many  expensive  biologic  medications  are  used  for  ongoing  treatment

of  chronic  diseases,  such  as  rheumatoid  arthritis  or  inflammatory  bowel  disease,  or  for  the  treatment  of

previously  untreatable  cancer.  Significant  investments  in  biologics  infrastructure  and  manufacturing  are

necessary  to  produce  biologic  products,  as  are  significant  investments  in  marketing,  distribution,  and  sales

organization  activities,  which  may  limit  the  number  of  biosimilar  competitors.

In  the  United  States,  the  FDA  regulates  biologics  under  the  Federal  Food,  Drug  and  Cosmetic  Act,  the

Public  Health  Service  Act  and  implementing  regulations.  The  enactment  of  federal  health  care  reform

legislation  in  March  2010  provided  a  pathway  for  approval  of  biosimilars  under  the  Public  Health  Service

Act,  but  the  approval  process  for,  and  science  behind,  biosimilars  is  more  complex  than  the  approval

process  for,  and  science  behind,  generic  or  other  follow-on  versions  of  small  molecule  products.  This  added

complexity  is  due  to  steps  needed  to  ensure  that  the  safety  and  efficacy  of  biosimilars  is  highly  similar  to

that  of  an  original  biologic,  such  as  HUMIRA.  Ultimate  approval  by  the  FDA  is  dependent  upon  many

factors,  including  a  showing  that  the  biosimilar  is  ‘‘highly  similar’’  to  the  original  product  and  has  no

clinically  meaningful  differences  from  the  original  product  in  terms  of  safety,  purity  and  potency.  The  types

of  data  that  could  ordinarily  be  required  in  an  application  to  show  similarity  may  include  analytical  data

and  studies  to  demonstrate  chemical  similarity,  animal  studies  (including  toxicity  studies)  and  clinical

studies.  The  law  also  requires  that  the  biosimilar  must  be  for  a  condition  of  use  approved  for  the  original

biologic  and  that  the  manufacturing  facility  meets  the  standards  necessary  to  assure  that  the  biosimilar  is

safe,  pure  and  potent.

Furthermore,  the  law  provides  that  only  a  biosimilar  product  that  is  determined  to  be

‘‘interchangeable’’  will  be  considered  substitutable  for  the  original  biologic  product  without  the  intervention

of  the  health  care  provider  who  prescribed  the  original  biologic  product.  To  prove  that  a  biosimilar  product

is  interchangeable,  the  applicant  must  demonstrate  that  the  product  can  be  expected  to  produce  the  same

clinical  results  as  the  original  biologic  product  in  any  given  patient,  and  if  the  product  is  administered  more

than  once  in  a  patient,  that  safety  risks  and  potential  for  diminished  efficacy  of  alternating  or  switching

between  the  use  of  the  interchangeable  biosimilar  biologic  product  and  the  original  biologic  product  is  no

greater  than  the  risk  of  using  the  original  biologic  product  without  switching.  The  law  continues  to  be

interpreted  and  implemented  by  the  FDA.  As  a  result,  its  ultimate  impact,  implementation  and  meaning

remains  subject  to  substantial  uncertainty.

In  the  European  Union,  while  a  pathway  for  the  approval  of  biosimilars  has  existed  since  2005,  the

products  that  have  come  to  market  to  date  have  had  a  mixed  impact  on  the  market  share  of  incumbent

products,  with  significant  variation  by  product.

Other  Competitive  Products.

Although  a  number  of  competitive  biologic  branded  products  have  been

approved  since  HUMIRA  was  first  introduced  in  2003,  most  have  gained  only  a  modest  share  of  the

worldwide  market.  AbbVie  will  continue  to  face  competitive  pressure  from  these  biologics  and  from  orally

administered  products.

Intellectual  Property  Protection  and  Regulatory  Exclusivity

Generally,  upon  approval,  products  may  be  entitled  to  certain  kinds  of  exclusivity  under  applicable

intellectual  property  and  regulatory  regimes.  AbbVie’s  intellectual  property  is  materially  valuable  to  the

company  and  AbbVie  seeks  patent  protection,  where  available,  in  all  significant  markets  and/or  countries

for  each  product  in  development.  In  the  United  States,  the  expiration  date  for  patents  is  20  years  after  the

filing  date.  Given  that  patents  relating  to  pharmaceutical  products  are  often  obtained  early  in  the

development  process,  and  given  the  amount  of  time  needed  to  complete  clinical  trials  and  other

development  activities  required  for  regulatory  approval,  the  length  of  time  between  product  launch  and

patent  expiration  is  significantly  less  than  20  years.  The  Drug  Price  Competition  and  Patent  Term

Restoration  Act  of  1984  (commonly  known  as  the  Hatch-Waxman  Act)  permits  a  patent  holder  to  seek  a

patent  extension,  commonly  called  a  ‘‘patent  term  restoration,’’  for  patents  on  products  (or  processes  for

5

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

5

making  the  product)  regulated  by  the  Federal  Food,  Drug,  and  Cosmetic  Act.  The  length  of  the  patent

extension  is  roughly  based  on  50  percent  of  the  period  of  time  from  the  filing  of  an  Investigational  New

Drug  Application  (NDA)  for  a  compound  to  the  submission  of  the  NDA  for  such  compound,  plus

100  percent  of  the  time  period  from  NDA  submission  to  regulatory  approval.  The  extension,  however,

cannot  exceed  five  years  and  the  patent  term  remaining  after  regulatory  approval  cannot  exceed  14  years.

Biological  products  licensed  under  the  Public  Health  Service  Act  are  similarly  eligible  for  terms  of  patent

restoration.

Pharmaceutical  products  may  be  entitled  to  other  forms  of  legal  or  regulatory  exclusivity  upon

approval.  The  scope,  length,  and  requirements  for  each  of  these  exclusivities  vary  both  in  the  United  States

and  in  other  jurisdictions.  In  the  United  States,  if  the  FDA  approves  a  drug  product  that  contains  an  active

ingredient  not  previously  approved,  the  product  is  typically  entitled  to  five  years  of  non-patent  regulatory

exclusivity.  Other  products  may  be  entitled  to  three  years  of  exclusivity  if  approval  was  based  on  the  FDA’s

reliance  on  new  clinical  studies  essential  to  approval  submitted  by  the  NDA  applicant.  If  the  NDA  applicant

studies  the  product  for  use  by  children,  the  FDA  may  grant  pediatric  exclusivity,  which  extends  by  180  days

the  longest  existing  exclusivity  (patent  or  regulatory)  related  to  the  product.  For  products  that  are  either

used  to  treat  conditions  that  afflict  a  relatively  small  population  or  for  which  there  is  not  a  reasonable

expectation  that  the  research  and  development  costs  will  be  recovered,  the  FDA  may  designate  the

pharmaceutical  as  an  orphan  drug  and  grant  it  seven  years  of  market  exclusivity.

Applicable  laws  and  regulations  dictate  the  scope  of  any  exclusivity  to  which  a  product  is  entitled  upon

its  approval  in  any  particular  country.  In  certain  instances,  regulatory  exclusivity  may  protect  a  product

where  patent  protection  is  no  longer  available  or  for  a  period  of  time  in  excess  of  patent  protection.  It  is

not  possible  to  estimate  for  each  product  in  development  the  total  period  and  scope  of  exclusivity  to  which

it  may  become  entitled  until  regulatory  approval  is  obtained.  However,  given  the  length  of  time  required  to

complete  clinical  development  of  a  pharmaceutical  product,  the  periods  of  exclusivity  that  might  be

achieved  in  any  individual  case  would  not  be  expected  to  exceed  a  minimum  of  three  years  and  a

maximum  of  14  years.  These  estimates  do  not  consider  other  factors,  such  as  the  difficulty  of  recreating

the  manufacturing  process  for  a  particular  product  or  other  proprietary  knowledge  that  may  delay  the

introduction  of  a  generic  or  other  follow-on  product  after  the  expiration  of  applicable  patent  and  other

regulatory  exclusivity  periods.

Biologics  may  be  entitled  to  exclusivity  under  the  Biologics  Price  Competition  and  Innovation  Act,

which  was  passed  on  March  23,  2010  as  Title  VII  to  the  Patient  Protection  and  Affordable  Care  Act.  The

law  provides  a  pathway  for  approval  of  biosimilars  following  the  expiration  of  12  years  of  exclusivity  for  the

innovator  biologic  and  a  potential  additional  180  day-extension  term  for  conducting  pediatric  studies.

Biologics  are  also  eligible  for  orphan  drug  exclusivity,  as  discussed  above.  The  law  also  includes  an  extensive

process  for  the  innovator  biologic  and  biosimilar  manufacturer  to  litigate  patent  infringement,  validity,  and

enforceability.  The  European  Union  has  also  created  a  pathway  for  approval  of  biosimilars  and  has

published  guidelines  for  approval  of  certain  biosimilar  products.  The  more  complex  nature  of  biologics  and

biosimilar  products  has  led  to  greater  regulatory  scrutiny  and  more  rigorous  requirements  for  approval  of

follow-on  biosimilar  products  than  for  small  molecule  generic  pharmaceutical  products,  which  can  reduce

the  effect  of  biosimilars  on  sales  of  the  innovator  biologic  as  compared  to  the  sales  erosion  caused  by

generic  versions  of  small  molecule  pharmaceutical  products.

AbbVie  owns  or  has  licensed  rights  to  a  substantial  number  of  patents  and  patent  applications.  AbbVie

licenses  or  owns  a  patent  portfolio  of  thousands  of  patent  families,  each  of  which  includes  United  States

patent  applications  and/or  issued  patents,  and  may  also  contain  the  non-United  States  counterparts  to

these  patents  and  applications.

These  patents  and  applications,  including  various  patents  that  expire  during  the  period  2018  to  the  late

2030s,  in  aggregate  are  believed  to  be  of  material  importance  in  the  operation  of  AbbVie’s  business.

However,  AbbVie  believes  that  no  single  patent,  license,  trademark  (or  related  group  of  patents,  licenses,  or

6

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

6

trademarks),  except  for  those  related  to  adalimumab  (which  is  sold  under  the  trademark  HUMIRA),  are

material  in  relation  to  the  company’s  business  as  a  whole.  The  United  States  composition  of  matter  (that  is,

compound)  patent  covering  adalimumab  expired  in  December  2016,  and  the  equivalent  European  Union

patent  is  expected  to  expire  in  the  majority  of  European  Union  countries  in  October  2018.  In  the  United

States,  non-composition  of  matter  patents  covering  adalimumab  expire  no  earlier  than  2022.

In  addition,  the  following  patents,  licenses,  and  trademarks  are  significant:  those  related  to  ibrutinib

(which  is  sold  under  the  trademark  IMBRUVICA),  those  related  to  ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir  and

dasabuvir  (which  are  sold  under  the  trademarks  VIEKIRA  PAK,  VIEKIRAX,  EXVIERA,  and  HOLKIRA  PAK),  those

related  to  glecaprevir  and  pibrentasvir  (which  are  sold  under  the  trademarks  MAVYRET  and  MAVIRET),  and

those  related  to  testosterone  (which  is  sold  under  the  trademark  AndroGel).  The  United  States  composition

of  matter  patent  covering  ibrutinib  is  expected  to  expire  in  2027.  The  United  States  composition  of  matter

patents  covering  ombitasvir,  paritaprevir  and  dasabuvir  are  expected  to  expire  in  2032,  2031  and  2029,

respectively.  The  United  States  composition  of  matter  patents  covering  glecaprevir  and  pibrentasvir  are

expected  to  expire  in  2032.

AbbVie  may  rely,  in  some  circumstances,  on  trade  secrets  to  protect  its  technology.  However,  trade

secrets  are  difficult  to  protect.  AbbVie  seeks  to  protect  its  technology  and  product  candidates,  in  part,  by

confidentiality  agreements  with  its  employees,  consultants,  advisors,  contractors,  and  collaborators.  These

agreements  may  be  breached  and  AbbVie  may  not  have  adequate  remedies  for  any  breach.  In  addition,

AbbVie’s  trade  secrets  may  otherwise  become  known  or  be  independently  discovered  by  competitors.  To

the  extent  that  AbbVie’s  employees,  consultants,  advisors,  contractors,  and  collaborators  use  intellectual

property  owned  by  others  in  their  work  for  the  company,  disputes  may  arise  as  to  the  rights  in  related  or

resulting  know-how  and  inventions.

Licensing  and  Other  Arrangements

In  addition  to  its  independent  efforts  to  develop  and  market  products,  AbbVie  enters  into

arrangements  such  as  licensing  arrangements,  strategic  alliances,  co-promotion  arrangements,

co-development  and  co-marketing  agreements,  and  joint  ventures.  These  licensing  and  other  arrangements

typically  include,  among  other  terms  and  conditions,  non-refundable  upfront  license  fees,  milestone

payments  and  royalty  and/or  profit  sharing  obligations.  See  Note  5,  ‘‘Licensing,  Acquisitions  and  Other

Arrangements—Other  Licensing  &  Acquisitions  Activity,’’  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included

under  Item  8,  ‘‘Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data.’’

Third  Party  Agreements

AbbVie  has  agreements  with  third  parties  for  process  development,  product  distribution,  analytical

services  and  manufacturing  of  certain  products.  AbbVie  procures  certain  products  and  services  from  a

limited  number  of  suppliers  and,  in  some  cases,  a  single  supply  source.  In  addition,  AbbVie  has  agreements

with  third  parties  for  active  pharmaceutical  ingredient  and  product  manufacturing,  formulation  and

development  services,  fill,  finish  and  packaging  services,  transportation  and  distribution  and  logistics

services  for  certain  products.  AbbVie  does  not  believe  that  these  manufacturing  related  agreements  are

material  because  AbbVie’s  business  is  not  substantially  dependent  on  any  individual  agreement.  In  most

cases,  AbbVie  maintains  alternate  supply  relationships  that  it  can  utilize  without  undue  disruption  of  its

manufacturing  processes  if  a  third  party  fails  to  perform  its  contractual  obligations.  AbbVie  also  maintains

sufficient  inventory  of  product  to  minimize  the  impact  of  any  supply  disruption.

AbbVie  is  also  party  to  certain  collaborations  and  other  arrangements,  as  discussed  in  Note  5,

‘‘Licensing,  Acquisitions  and  Other  Arrangements—Other  Licensing  &  Acquisitions  Activity,’’  to  the

Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  under  Item  8,  ‘‘Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data.’’

7

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

7

Sources  and  Availability  of  Raw  Materials

AbbVie  purchases,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  raw  materials  and  supplies  essential  to  its

operations  from  numerous  suppliers  around  the  world.  In  addition,  certain  medical  devices  and  components

necessary  for  the  manufacture  of  AbbVie  products  are  provided  by  unaffiliated  third  party  suppliers.  AbbVie

has  not  experienced  any  recent  significant  availability  problems  or  supply  shortages  that  impacted

fulfillment  of  product  demand.

Research  and  Development  Activities

AbbVie  makes  a  significant  investment  in  research  and  development  and  has  numerous  compounds  in

clinical  development,  including  potential  treatments  for  complex,  life-threatening  diseases.  AbbVie’s  ability

to  discover  and  develop  new  compounds  is  enhanced  by  the  company’s  use  of  integrated  discovery  and

development  project  teams,  which  include  chemists,  biologists,  physicians  and  pharmacologists  who  work

on  the  same  compounds  as  a  team.  AbbVie  also  partners  with  third  parties,  such  as  biotechnology

companies,  other  pharmaceutical  companies  and  academic  institutions  to  identify  and  prioritize  promising

new  treatments  that  complement  and  enhance  AbbVie’s  existing  portfolio.

The  research  and  development  process  generally  begins  with  discovery  research  which  focuses  on  the

identification  of  a  molecule  that  has  a  desired  effect  against  a  given  disease.  If  preclinical  testing  of  an

identified  compound  proves  successful,  the  compound  moves  into  clinical  development  which  generally

includes  the  following  phases:

• Phase  1—involves  the  first  human  tests  in  a  small  number  of  healthy  volunteers  or  patients  to

assess  safety,  tolerability  and  potential  dosing.

• Phase  2—tests  the  drug’s  efficacy  against  the  disease  in  a  relatively  small  group  of  patients.

• Phase  3—tests  a  drug  that  demonstrates  favorable  results  in  the  earlier  phases  in  a  significantly

larger  patient  population  to  further  demonstrate  efficacy  and  safety  based  on  regulatory  criteria.

The  clinical  trials  from  all  of  the  development  phases  provide  the  data  required  to  prepare  and  submit

an  NDA,  a  Biological  License  Application  (BLA)  or  other  submission  for  regulatory  approval  to  the  FDA  or

similar  government  agencies  outside  the  United  States.  The  specific  requirements  (e.g.,  scope  of  clinical

trials)  for  obtaining  regulatory  approval  vary  across  different  countries  and  geographic  regions.

The  research  and  development  process  from  discovery  through  a  new  drug  launch  typically  takes  8  to

12  years  and  can  be  even  longer.  The  research  and  development  of  new  pharmaceutical  products  has  a

significant  amount  of  inherent  uncertainty.  There  is  no  guarantee  when,  or  if,  a  molecule  will  receive  the

regulatory  approval  required  to  launch  a  new  drug  or  indication.

In  addition  to  the  development  of  new  products  and  new  formulations,  research  and  development

projects  also  may  include  Phase  4  trials,  sometimes  called  post-marketing  studies.  For  such  projects,  clinical

trials  are  designed  and  conducted  to  collect  additional  data  regarding,  among  other  parameters,  the

benefits  and  risks  of  an  approved  drug.

AbbVie  spent  approximately  $5.0  billion  in  2017,  $4.4  billion  in  2016  and  $4.3  billion  in  2015  on

research  to  discover  and  develop  new  products,  indications  and  processes  and  to  improve  existing  products

and  processes.  These  expenses  consisted  primarily  of  salaries  and  related  expenses  for  personnel,  license

fees,  consulting  payments,  contract  research,  clinical  drug  supply  manufacturing,  the  costs  of  laboratory

equipment  and  facilities,  clinical  trial  costs  and  collaboration  fees  and  expenses.

Regulation—Discovery  and  Clinical  Development

United  States.

Securing  approval  to  market  a  new  pharmaceutical  product  in  the  United  States

requires  substantial  effort  and  financial  resources  and  takes  several  years  to  complete.  The  applicant  must

8

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

8

complete  preclinical  tests  and  submit  protocols  to  the  FDA  before  commencing  clinical  trials.  Clinical  trials

are  intended  to  establish  the  safety  and  efficacy  of  the  pharmaceutical  product  and  typically  are  conducted

in  sequential  phases,  although  the  phases  may  overlap  or  be  combined.  If  the  required  clinical  testing  is

successful,  the  results  are  submitted  to  the  FDA  in  the  form  of  an  NDA  or  BLA  requesting  approval  to

market  the  product  for  one  or  more  indications.  The  FDA  reviews  an  NDA  or  BLA  to  determine  whether  a

product  is  safe  and  effective  for  its  intended  use  and  whether  its  manufacturing  is  compliant  with  current

Good  Manufacturing  Practices  (cGMP).

Even  if  an  NDA  or  a  BLA  receives  approval,  the  applicant  must  comply  with  post-approval

requirements.  For  example,  holders  of  an  approval  must  report  adverse  reactions,  provide  updated  safety

and  efficacy  information  and  comply  with  requirements  concerning  advertising  and  promotional  materials

and  activities.  Also,  quality  control  and  manufacturing  procedures  must  continue  to  conform  to  cGMP  after

approval,  and  certain  changes  to  the  manufacturing  procedures  and  finished  product  must  be  included  in

the  NDA  or  BLA,  and  approved  by  the  FDA.  The  FDA  periodically  inspects  manufacturing  facilities  to  assess

compliance  with  cGMP,  which  imposes  extensive  procedural  and  record  keeping  requirements.  In  addition,

as  a  condition  of  approval,  the  FDA  may  require  post-marketing  testing  and  surveillance  to  further  assess

and  monitor  the  product’s  safety  or  efficacy  after  commercialization,  which  may  require  additional  clinical

trials  or  patient  registries,  or  additional  work  on  chemistry,  manufacturing  and  controls.  Any  post-approval

regulatory  obligations,  and  the  cost  of  complying  with  such  obligations,  could  expand  in  the  future.

Outside  the  United  States.

AbbVie  is  subject  to  similar  regulatory  requirements  outside  the  United

States.  AbbVie  must  obtain  approval  of  a  clinical  trial  application  or  product  from  the  applicable  regulatory

authorities  before  it  can  commence  clinical  trials  or  marketing  of  the  product.  The  approval  requirements

and  process  for  each  country  can  vary,  and  the  time  required  to  obtain  approval  may  be  longer  or  shorter

than  that  required  for  FDA  approval  in  the  United  States.  For  example,  AbbVie  may  submit  marketing

authorizations  in  the  European  Union  under  either  a  centralized  or  decentralized  procedure.  The  centralized

procedure  is  mandatory  for  the  approval  of  biotechnology  products  and  many  pharmaceutical  products  and

provides  for  a  single  marketing  authorization  that  is  valid  for  all  European  Union  member  states.  Under  the

centralized  procedure,  a  single  marketing  authorization  application  is  submitted  to  the  European  Medicines

Agency  (EMA).  After  the  agency  evaluates  the  application,  it  makes  a  recommendation  to  the  European

Commission,  which  then  makes  the  final  determination  on  whether  to  approve  the  application.  The

decentralized  procedure  provides  for  mutual  recognition  of  individual  national  approval  decisions  and  is

available  for  products  that  are  not  subject  to  the  centralized  procedure.

In  Japan,  applications  for  approval  of  a  new  product  are  made  through  the  Pharmaceutical  and

Medical  Devices  Agency  (PMDA).  Bridging  studies  to  demonstrate  that  the  non-Japanese  clinical  data  applies

to  Japanese  patients  may  be  required.  After  completing  a  comprehensive  review,  the  PMDA  reports  to  the

Ministry  of  Health,  Labour  and  Welfare,  which  then  approves  or  denies  the  application.

The  regulatory  process  in  many  emerging  markets  continues  to  evolve.  Many  emerging  markets,

including  those  in  Asia,  generally  require  regulatory  approval  to  have  been  obtained  in  a  large  developed

market  (such  as  the  United  States  or  Europe)  before  the  country  will  begin  or  complete  its  regulatory

review  process.  Some  countries  also  require  that  local  clinical  studies  be  conducted  in  order  to  obtain

regulatory  approval  in  the  country.

The  requirements  governing  the  conduct  of  clinical  trials  and  product  licensing  also  vary.  In  addition,

post-approval  regulatory  obligations  such  as  adverse  event  reporting  and  cGMP  compliance  generally  apply

and  may  vary  by  country.  For  example,  after  a  marketing  authorization  has  been  granted  in  the  European

Union,  periodic  safety  reports  must  be  submitted  and  other  pharmacovigilance  measures  may  be  required

(such  as  Risk  Management  Plans).

9

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

9

Regulation—Commercialization,  Distribution  and  Manufacturing

The  manufacture,  marketing,  sale,  promotion  and  distribution  of  AbbVie’s  products  are  subject  to

comprehensive  government  regulation.  Government  regulation  by  various  national,  regional,  federal,  state

and  local  agencies,  both  in  the  United  States  and  other  countries,  addresses  (among  other  matters)

inspection  of,  and  controls  over,  research  and  laboratory  procedures,  clinical  investigations,  product

approvals  and  manufacturing,  labeling,  packaging,  marketing  and  promotion,  pricing  and  reimbursement,

sampling,  distribution,  quality  control,  post-marketing  surveillance,  record  keeping,  storage  and  disposal

practices.  AbbVie’s  operations  are  also  affected  by  trade  regulations  in  many  countries  that  limit  the  import

of  raw  materials  and  finished  products  and  by  laws  and  regulations  that  seek  to  prevent  corruption  and

bribery  in  the  marketplace  (including  the  United  States  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act  and  the  United

Kingdom  Bribery  Act,  which  provide  guidance  on  corporate  interactions  with  government  officials)  and

require  safeguards  for  the  protection  of  personal  data.  In  addition,  AbbVie  is  subject  to  laws  and

regulations  pertaining  to  health  care  fraud  and  abuse,  including  state  and  federal  anti-kickback  and  false

claims  laws  in  the  United  States.  Prescription  drug  manufacturers  such  as  AbbVie  are  also  subject  to  taxes,

as  well  as  application,  product,  user,  establishment  and  other  fees.

Compliance  with  these  laws  and  regulations  is  costly  and  materially  affects  AbbVie’s  business.  Among

other  effects,  health  care  regulations  substantially  increase  the  time,  difficulty  and  costs  incurred  in

obtaining  and  maintaining  approval  to  market  newly  developed  and  existing  products.  AbbVie  expects

compliance  with  these  regulations  to  continue  to  require  significant  technical  expertise  and  capital

investment  to  ensure  compliance.  Failure  to  comply  can  delay  the  release  of  a  new  product  or  result  in

regulatory  and  enforcement  actions,  the  seizure  or  recall  of  a  product,  the  suspension  or  revocation  of  the

authority  necessary  for  a  product’s  production  and  sale  and  other  civil  or  criminal  sanctions,  including  fines

and  penalties.

In  addition  to  regulatory  initiatives,  AbbVie’s  business  can  be  affected  by  ongoing  studies  of  the

utilization,  safety,  efficacy  and  outcomes  of  health  care  products  and  their  components  that  are  regularly

conducted  by  industry  participants,  government  agencies  and  others.  These  studies  can  call  into  question

the  utilization,  safety  and  efficacy  of  previously  marketed  products.  In  some  cases,  these  studies  have

resulted,  and  may  in  the  future  result,  in  the  discontinuance  of,  or  limitations  on,  marketing  of  such

products  domestically  or  worldwide,  and  may  give  rise  to  claims  for  damages  from  persons  who  believe

they  have  been  injured  as  a  result  of  their  use.

Access  to  human  health  care  products  continues  to  be  a  subject  of  investigation  and  action  by

governmental  agencies,  legislative  bodies  and  private  organizations  in  the  United  States  and  other  countries.

A  major  focus  is  cost  containment.  Efforts  to  reduce  health  care  costs  are  also  being  made  in  the  private

sector,  notably  by  health  care  payers  and  providers,  which  have  instituted  various  cost  reduction  and

containment  measures.  AbbVie  expects  insurers  and  providers  to  continue  attempts  to  reduce  the  cost  of

health  care  products.  Outside  the  United  States,  many  countries  control  the  price  of  health  care  products

directly  or  indirectly,  through  reimbursement,  payment,  pricing,  coverage  limitations,  or  compulsory

licensing.  Budgetary  pressures  in  the  United  States  and  in  other  countries  may  also  heighten  the  scope  and

severity  of  pricing  pressures  on  AbbVie’s  products  for  the  foreseeable  future.

United  States.

Specifically,  U.S.  federal  laws  require  pharmaceutical  manufacturers  to  pay  certain

statutorily-prescribed  rebates  to  state  Medicaid  programs  on  prescription  drugs  reimbursed  under  state

Medicaid  plans,  and  the  efforts  by  states  to  seek  additional  rebates  affect  AbbVie’s  business.  Similarly,  the

Veterans  Health  Care  Act  of  1992,  as  a  prerequisite  to  participation  in  Medicaid  and  other  federal  health

care  programs,  requires  that  manufacturers  extend  additional  discounts  on  pharmaceutical  products  to

various  federal  agencies,  including  the  United  States  Department  of  Veterans  Affairs,  Department  of  Defense

and  Public  Health  Service  entities  and  institutions.  In  addition,  recent  legislative  changes  would  require

similarly  discounted  prices  to  be  offered  to  TRICARE  program  beneficiaries.  The  Veterans  Health  Care  Act  of

10

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

10

1992  also  established  the  340B  drug  discount  program,  which  requires  pharmaceutical  manufacturers  to

provide  products  at  reduced  prices  to  various  designated  health  care  entities  and  facilities.

In  the  United  States,  most  states  also  have  generic  substitution  legislation  requiring  or  permitting  a

dispensing  pharmacist  to  substitute  a  different  manufacturer’s  generic  version  of  a  pharmaceutical  product

for  the  one  prescribed.  In  addition,  the  federal  government  follows  a  diagnosis-related  group  (DRG)

payment  system  for  certain  institutional  services  provided  under  Medicare  or  Medicaid  and  has

implemented  a  prospective  payment  system  (PPS)  for  services  delivered  in  hospital  outpatient,  nursing

home  and  home  health  settings.  DRG  and  PPS  entitle  a  health  care  facility  to  a  fixed  reimbursement  based

on  the  diagnosis  and/or  procedure  rather  than  actual  costs  incurred  in  patient  treatment,  thereby

increasing  the  incentive  for  the  facility  to  limit  or  control  expenditures  for  many  health  care  products.

Medicare  reimburses  Part  B  drugs  based  on  average  sales  price  plus  a  certain  percentage  to  account  for

physician  administration  costs,  which  have  been  reduced  in  the  hospital  outpatient  setting.  Medicare  enters

into  contracts  with  private  plans  to  negotiate  prices  for  most  patient-administered  medicine  delivered  under

Part  D.

Under  the  Patient  Protection  and  Affordable  Care  Act  and  the  Health  Care  and  Education  Reconciliation

Act  (together,  the  Affordable  Care  Act),  AbbVie  pays  a  fee  related  to  its  pharmaceuticals  sales  to

government  programs.  In  addition,  AbbVie  provides  a  discount  of  50%  for  branded  prescription  drugs  sold

to  patients  who  fall  into  the  Medicare  Part  D  coverage  gap,  or  ‘‘donut  hole.’’

The  Affordable  Care  Act  also  includes  provisions  known  as  the  Physician  Payments  Sunshine  Act,  which

require  manufacturers  of  drugs  and  biologics  covered  under  Medicare  and  Medicaid  to  record  any  transfers

of  value  to  physicians  and  teaching  hospitals  and  to  report  this  data  to  the  Centers  for  Medicare  and

Medicaid  Services  for  subsequent  public  disclosure.  Similar  reporting  requirements  have  also  been  enacted

on  the  state  level  in  the  United  States,  and  an  increasing  number  of  countries  worldwide  either  have

adopted  or  are  considering  similar  laws  requiring  disclosure  of  interactions  with  health  care  professionals.

Failure  to  report  appropriate  data  may  result  in  civil  or  criminal  fines  and/or  penalties.

AbbVie  expects  debate  to  continue  during  2018  at  all  government  levels  worldwide  over  the

marketing,  availability,  method  of  delivery  and  payment  for  health  care  products  and  services.  AbbVie

believes  that  future  legislation  and  regulation  in  the  markets  it  serves  could  affect  access  to  health  care

products  and  services,  increase  rebates,  reduce  prices  or  the  rate  of  price  increases  for  health  care

products  and  services,  change  health  care  delivery  systems,  create  new  fees  and  obligations  for  the

pharmaceuticals  industry,  or  require  additional  reporting  and  disclosure.  It  is  not  possible  to  predict  the

extent  to  which  AbbVie  or  the  health  care  industry  in  general  might  be  affected  by  the  matters  discussed

above.

AbbVie  is  subject  to  a  Corporate  Integrity  Agreement  (CIA)  entered  into  by  Abbott  on  May  7,  2012

that  requires  enhancements  to  AbbVie’s  compliance  program  and  contains  reporting  obligations,  including

disclosure  of  financial  payments  to  doctors.  If  AbbVie  fails  to  comply  with  the  CIA,  the  Office  of  Inspector

General  for  the  United  States  Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services  may  impose  monetary  penalties

or  exclude  AbbVie  from  federal  health  care  programs,  including  Medicare  and  Medicaid.

European  Union.

The  European  Union  has  adopted  directives  and  other  legislation  governing  labeling,

advertising,  distribution,  supply,  pharmacovigilance  and  marketing  of  pharmaceutical  products.  Such

legislation  provides  mandatory  standards  throughout  the  European  Union  and  permits  member  states  to

supplement  these  standards  with  additional  regulations.  European  governments  also  regulate

pharmaceutical  product  prices  through  their  control  of  national  health  care  systems  that  fund  a  large  part

of  the  cost  of  such  products  to  consumers.  As  a  result,  patients  are  unlikely  to  use  a  pharmaceutical

product  that  is  not  reimbursed  by  the  government.  In  many  European  countries,  the  government  either

regulates  the  pricing  of  a  new  product  at  launch  or  subsequent  to  launch  through  direct  price  controls  or

reference  pricing.  In  recent  years,  many  countries  have  also  imposed  new  or  additional  cost  containment

measures  on  pharmaceutical  products.  Differences  between  national  pricing  regimes  create  price

11

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

11

differentials  within  the  European  Union  that  can  lead  to  significant  parallel  trade  in  pharmaceutical

products.

Most  governments  also  promote  generic  substitution  by  mandating  or  permitting  a  pharmacist  to

substitute  a  different  manufacturer’s  generic  version  of  a  pharmaceutical  product  for  the  one  prescribed

and  by  permitting  or  mandating  that  health  care  professionals  prescribe  generic  versions  in  certain

circumstances.  In  addition,  governments  use  reimbursement  lists  to  limit  the  pharmaceutical  products  that

are  eligible  for  reimbursement  by  national  health  care  systems.

Japan.

In  Japan,  the  National  Health  Insurance  system  maintains  a  Drug  Price  List  specifying  which

pharmaceutical  products  are  eligible  for  reimbursement,  and  the  Ministry  of  Health,  Labour  and  Welfare

sets  the  prices  of  the  products  on  this  list.  The  government  generally  introduces  price  cut  rounds  every

other  year  and  also  mandates  price  decreases  for  specific  products.  New  products  judged  innovative  or

useful,  that  are  indicated  for  pediatric  use,  or  that  target  orphan  or  small  population  diseases,  however,

may  be  eligible  for  a  pricing  premium.  The  government  has  also  promoted  the  use  of  generics,  where

available.

Emerging  Markets.

Many  emerging  markets  take  steps  to  reduce  pharmaceutical  product  prices,  in

some  cases  through  direct  price  controls  and  in  others  through  the  promotion  of  generic  alternatives  to

branded  pharmaceuticals.

Since  AbbVie  markets  its  products  worldwide,  certain  products  of  a  local  nature  and  variations  of

product  lines  must  also  meet  other  local  regulatory  requirements.  Certain  additional  risks  are  inherent  in

conducting  business  outside  the  United  States,  including  price  and  currency  exchange  controls,  changes  in

currency  exchange  rates,  limitations  on  participation  in  local  enterprises,  expropriation,  nationalization  and

other  governmental  action.

Environmental  Matters

AbbVie  believes  that  its  operations  comply  in  all  material  respects  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations

concerning  environmental  protection.  Regulations  under  federal  and  state  environmental  laws  impose

stringent  limitations  on  emissions  and  discharges  to  the  environment  from  various  manufacturing

operations.  AbbVie’s  capital  expenditures  for  pollution  control  in  2017  were  approximately  $17  million  and

operating  expenditures  were  approximately  $28  million.  In  2018,  capital  expenditures  for  pollution  control

are  estimated  to  be  approximately  $3  million  and  operating  expenditures  are  estimated  to  be  approximately

$30  million.

Abbott  was  identified  as  one  of  many  potentially  responsible  parties  in  investigations  and/or

remediations  at  several  locations  in  the  United  States,  including  Puerto  Rico,  under  the  Comprehensive

Environmental  Response,  Compensation  and  Liability  Act,  commonly  known  as  Superfund.  Some  of  these

locations  were  transferred  to  AbbVie  in  connection  with  the  separation  and  distribution,  and  AbbVie  has

become  a  party  to  these  investigations  and  remediations.  Abbott  was  also  engaged  in  remediation  at

several  other  sites,  some  of  which  have  been  transferred  to  AbbVie  in  connection  with  the  separation  and

distribution,  in  cooperation  with  the  Environmental  Protection  Agency  or  similar  agencies.  While  it  is  not

feasible  to  predict  with  certainty  the  final  costs  related  to  those  investigations  and  remediation  activities,

AbbVie  believes  that  such  costs,  together  with  other  expenditures  to  maintain  compliance  with  applicable

laws  and  regulations  concerning  environmental  protection,  should  not  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the

company’s  financial  position,  cash  flows,  or  results  of  operations.

Employees

AbbVie  employed  approximately  29,000  persons  as  of  January  31,  2018.  Outside  the  United  States,

some  of  AbbVie’s  employees  are  represented  by  unions  or  works  councils.  AbbVie  believes  that  it  has  good

relations  with  its  employees.

12

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

12

Internet  Information

Copies  of  AbbVie’s  Annual  Reports  on  Form  10-K,  Quarterly  Reports  on  Form  10-Q,  Current  Reports  on

Form  8-K  and  amendments  to  those  reports  filed  or  furnished  pursuant  to  Section  13(a)  or  15(d)  of  the

Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  are  available  free  of  charge  through  AbbVie’s  investor  relations  website

(www.abbvieinvestor.com)  as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable  after  AbbVie  electronically  files  the  material

with,  or  furnishes  it  to,  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (SEC).

AbbVie’s  corporate  governance  guidelines,  outline  of  directorship  qualifications,  code  of  business

conduct  and  the  charters  of  AbbVie’s  audit  committee,  compensation  committee,  nominations  and

governance  committee  and  public  policy  committee  are  all  available  on  AbbVie’s  investor  relations  website

(www.abbvieinvestor.com).

13

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

13

ITEM  1A.  RISK  FACTORS

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

You  should  carefully  consider  the  following  risks  and  other  information  in  this  Form  10-K  in  evaluating

AbbVie  and  AbbVie’s  common  stock.  Any  of  the  following  risks  could  materially  and  adversely  affect

AbbVie’s  results  of  operations,  financial  condition  or  cash  flows.  The  risk  factors  generally  have  been

separated  into  two  groups:  risks  related  to  AbbVie’s  business  and  risks  related  to  AbbVie’s  common  stock.

Based  on  the  information  currently  known  to  it,  AbbVie  believes  that  the  following  information  identifies  the

most  significant  risk  factors  affecting  it  in  each  of  these  categories  of  risks.  However,  the  risks  and

uncertainties  AbbVie  faces  are  not  limited  to  those  set  forth  in  the  risk  factors  described  below  and  may  not

be  in  order  of  importance  or  probability  of  occurrence.  Additional  risks  and  uncertainties  not  presently

known  to  AbbVie  or  that  AbbVie  currently  believes  to  be  immaterial  may  also  adversely  affect  its  business.

In  addition,  past  financial  performance  may  not  be  a  reliable  indicator  of  future  performance  and  historical

trends  should  not  be  used  to  anticipate  results  or  trends  in  future  periods.

If  any  of  the  following  risks  and  uncertainties  develops  into  actual  events,  these  events  could  have  a

material  adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s  business,  results  of  operations,  financial  condition  or  cash  flows.  In  such

case,  the  trading  price  of  AbbVie’s  common  stock  could  decline.

Risks  Related  to  AbbVie’s  Business

The  expiration  or  loss  of  patent  protection  and  licenses  may  adversely  affect  AbbVie’s  future

revenues  and  operating  earnings.

AbbVie  relies  on  patent,  trademark  and  other  intellectual  property  protection  in  the  discovery,

development,  manufacturing  and  sale  of  its  products.  In  particular,  patent  protection  is,  in  the  aggregate,

important  in  AbbVie’s  marketing  of  pharmaceutical  products  in  the  United  States  and  most  major  markets

outside  of  the  United  States.  Patents  covering  AbbVie  products  normally  provide  market  exclusivity,  which  is

important  for  the  profitability  of  many  of  AbbVie’s  products.

As  patents  for  certain  of  its  products  expire,  AbbVie  will  or  could  face  competition  from  lower  priced

generic  products.  The  expiration  or  loss  of  patent  protection  for  a  product  typically  is  followed  promptly  by

substitutes  that  may  significantly  reduce  sales  for  that  product  in  a  short  amount  of  time.  If  AbbVie’s

competitive  position  is  compromised  because  of  generics  or  otherwise,  it  could  have  a  material  adverse

effect  on  AbbVie’s  business  and  results  of  operations.  In  addition,  proposals  emerge  from  time  to  time  for

legislation  to  further  encourage  the  early  and  rapid  approval  of  generic  drugs.  Any  such  proposals  that  are

enacted  into  law  could  increase  the  impact  of  generic  competition.

AbbVie’s  principal  patents  and  trademarks  are  described  in  greater  detail  in  Item  1,

‘‘Business—Intellectual  Property  Protection  and  Regulatory  Exclusivity’’  and  Item  7,  ‘‘Management’s

Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations—Results  of  Operations,’’  and

litigation  regarding  these  patents  is  described  in  Item  3,  ‘‘Legal  Proceedings.’’  The  United  States  composition

of  matter  patent  for  HUMIRA,  which  is  AbbVie’s  largest  product  and  had  worldwide  net  revenues  of

approximately  $18.4  billion  in  2017,  expired  in  December  2016,  and  the  equivalent  European  Union  patent

is  expected  to  expire  in  the  majority  of  European  Union  countries  in  October  2018.  Because  HUMIRA  is  a

biologic  and  biologics  cannot  be  readily  substituted,  it  is  uncertain  what  impact  the  loss  of  patent

protection  would  have  on  the  sales  of  HUMIRA.

AbbVie’s  major  products  could  lose  patent  protection  earlier  than  expected,  which  could  adversely

affect  AbbVie’s  future  revenues  and  operating  earnings.

Third  parties  or  government  authorities  may  challenge  or  seek  to  invalidate  or  circumvent  AbbVie’s

patents  and  patent  applications.  For  example,  manufacturers  of  generic  pharmaceutical  products  file,  and

may  continue  to  file,  Abbreviated  New  Drug  Applications  with  the  FDA  seeking  to  market  generic  forms  of

AbbVie’s  products  prior  to  the  expiration  of  relevant  patents  owned  or  licensed  by  AbbVie  by  asserting  that

14

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

14

the  patents  are  invalid,  unenforceable  and/or  not  infringed.  In  addition,  petitioners  have  filed,  and  may

continue  to  file,  challenges  to  the  validity  of  AbbVie  patents  under  the  2011  Leahy-Smith  America  Invents

Act,  which  created  inter  partes  review  and  post  grant  review  procedures  for  challenging  patent  validity  in

administrative  proceedings  at  the  United  States  Patent  and  Trademark  Office.

Although  most  of  the  challenges  to  AbbVie’s  intellectual  property  have  come  from  other  businesses,

governments  may  also  challenge  intellectual  property  rights.  For  example,  court  decisions  and  potential

legislation  relating  to  patents,  such  as  legislation  regarding  biosimilars,  and  other  regulatory  initiatives  may

result  in  further  erosion  of  intellectual  property  protection.  In  addition,  certain  governments  outside  the

United  States  have  indicated  that  compulsory  licenses  to  patents  may  be  sought  to  further  their  domestic

policies  or  on  the  basis  of  national  emergencies,  such  as  HIV/AIDS.  If  triggered,  compulsory  licenses  could

diminish  or  eliminate  sales  and  profits  from  those  jurisdictions  and  negatively  affect  AbbVie’s  results  of

operations.

AbbVie  normally  responds  to  challenges  by  vigorously  defending  its  patents,  including  by  filing  patent

infringement  lawsuits.  Patent  litigation,  administrative  proceedings  and  other  challenges  to  AbbVie’s  patents

are  costly  and  unpredictable  and  may  deprive  AbbVie  of  market  exclusivity  for  a  patented  product.  To  the

extent  AbbVie’s  intellectual  property  is  successfully  challenged  or  circumvented  or  to  the  extent  such

intellectual  property  does  not  allow  AbbVie  to  compete  effectively,  AbbVie’s  business  will  suffer.  To  the

extent  that  countries  do  not  enforce  AbbVie’s  intellectual  property  rights  or  require  compulsory  licensing  of

AbbVie’s  intellectual  property,  AbbVie’s  future  revenues  and  operating  earnings  will  be  reduced.

A  third  party’s  intellectual  property  may  prevent  AbbVie  from  selling  its  products  or  have  a  material

adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s  future  profitability  and  financial  condition.

Third  parties  may  claim  that  an  AbbVie  product  infringes  upon  their  intellectual  property.  Resolving  an

intellectual  property  infringement  claim  can  be  costly  and  time  consuming  and  may  require  AbbVie  to  enter

into  license  agreements.  AbbVie  cannot  guarantee  that  it  would  be  able  to  obtain  license  agreements  on

commercially  reasonable  terms.  A  successful  claim  of  patent  or  other  intellectual  property  infringement

could  subject  AbbVie  to  significant  damages  or  an  injunction  preventing  the  manufacture,  sale,  or  use  of

the  affected  AbbVie  product  or  products.  Any  of  these  events  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on

AbbVie’s  profitability  and  financial  condition.

Any  significant  event  that  adversely  affects  HUMIRA  revenues  could  have  a  material  and  negative

impact  on  AbbVie’s  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows.

HUMIRA  accounted  for  approximately  65%  of  AbbVie’s  total  net  revenues  in  2017.  Any  significant  event

that  adversely  affects  HUMIRA’s  revenues  could  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  AbbVie’s  results  of

operations  and  cash  flows.  These  events  could  include  loss  of  patent  protection  for  HUMIRA,  the

commercialization  of  biosimilars  of  HUMIRA,  the  discovery  of  previously  unknown  side  effects  or  impaired

efficacy,  increased  competition  from  the  introduction  of  new,  more  effective  or  less  expensive  treatments

and  discontinuation  or  removal  from  the  market  of  HUMIRA  for  any  reason.

AbbVie’s  research  and  development  efforts  may  not  succeed  in  developing  and  marketing

commercially  successful  products  and  technologies,  which  may  cause  its  revenues  and  profitability  to

decline.

To  remain  competitive,  AbbVie  must  continue  to  launch  new  products  and  new  indications  and/or

brand  extensions  for  existing  products,  and  such  launches  must  generate  revenue  sufficient  both  to  cover

its  substantial  research  and  development  costs  and  to  replace  revenues  of  profitable  products  that  are  lost

to  or  displaced  by  competing  products  or  therapies.  Failure  to  do  so  would  have  a  material  adverse  effect

on  AbbVie’s  revenue  and  profitability.  Accordingly,  AbbVie  commits  substantial  effort,  funds,  and  other

resources  to  research  and  development  and  must  make  ongoing  substantial  expenditures  without  any

15

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

15

assurance  that  its  efforts  will  be  commercially  successful.  A  high  rate  of  failure  in  the  biopharmaceutical

industry  is  inherent  in  the  research  and  development  of  new  products,  and  failure  can  occur  at  any  point  in

the  research  and  development  process,  including  after  significant  funds  have  been  invested.  Products  that

appear  promising  in  development  may  fail  to  reach  the  market  for  numerous  reasons,  including  failure  to

demonstrate  effectiveness,  safety  concerns,  superior  safety  or  efficacy  of  competing  therapies,  failure  to

achieve  positive  clinical  or  pre-clinical  outcomes  beyond  the  current  standards  of  care,  inability  to  obtain

necessary  regulatory  approvals  or  delays  in  the  approval  of  new  products  and  new  indications,  limited

scope  of  approved  uses,  excessive  costs  to  manufacture,  the  failure  to  obtain  or  maintain  intellectual

property  rights,  or  infringement  of  the  intellectual  property  rights  of  others.

Decisions  about  research  studies  made  early  in  the  development  process  of  a  pharmaceutical  product

candidate  can  affect  the  marketing  strategy  once  such  candidate  receives  approval.  More  detailed  studies

may  demonstrate  additional  benefits  that  can  help  in  the  marketing,  but  they  also  consume  time  and

resources  and  may  delay  submitting  the  pharmaceutical  product  candidate  for  approval.  AbbVie  cannot

guarantee  that  a  proper  balance  of  speed  and  testing  will  be  made  with  respect  to  each  pharmaceutical

product  candidate  or  that  decisions  in  this  area  would  not  adversely  affect  AbbVie’s  future  results  of

operations.

Even  if  AbbVie  successfully  develops  and  markets  new  products  or  enhancements  to  its  existing

products,  they  may  be  quickly  rendered  obsolete  by  changing  clinical  preferences,  changing  industry

standards,  or  competitors’  innovations.  AbbVie’s  innovations  may  not  be  accepted  quickly  in  the

marketplace  because  of  existing  clinical  practices  or  uncertainty  over  third-party  reimbursement.  AbbVie

cannot  state  with  certainty  when  or  whether  any  of  its  products  under  development  will  be  launched,

whether  it  will  be  able  to  develop,  license,  or  otherwise  acquire  compounds  or  products,  or  whether  any

products  will  be  commercially  successful.  Failure  to  launch  successful  new  products  or  new  indications  for

existing  products  may  cause  AbbVie’s  products  to  become  obsolete,  causing  AbbVie’s  revenues  and

operating  results  to  suffer.

A  portion  of  AbbVie’s  near-term  pharmaceutical  pipeline  relies  on  collaborations  with  third  parties,

which  may  adversely  affect  the  development  and  sale  of  its  products.

AbbVie  depends  on  alliances  with  pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology  companies  for  a  portion  of  the

products  in  its  near-term  pharmaceutical  pipeline.  For  example,  AbbVie  is  collaborating  with  Roche  Holding

AG  to  develop  and  commercialize  a  next-generation  Bcl-2  inhibitor,  Venclexta  (venetoclax),  for  patients  with

relapsed/refractory  chronic  lymphocytic  leukemia  and  AbbVie  is  investigating  its  efficacy  for  additional

indications.

Failures  by  these  parties  to  meet  their  contractual,  regulatory,  or  other  obligations  to  AbbVie,  or  any

disruption  in  the  relationships  between  AbbVie  and  these  third  parties,  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on

AbbVie’s  pharmaceutical  pipeline  and  business.  In  addition,  AbbVie’s  collaborative  relationships  for  research

and  development  extend  for  many  years  and  may  give  rise  to  disputes  regarding  the  relative  rights,

obligations  and  revenues  of  AbbVie  and  its  collaboration  partners,  including  the  ownership  of  intellectual

property  and  associated  rights  and  obligations.  This  could  result  in  the  loss  of  intellectual  property  rights  or

protection,  delay  the  development  and  sale  of  potential  pharmaceutical  products  and  lead  to  lengthy  and

expensive  litigation,  administrative  proceedings  or  arbitration.

Biologics  carry  unique  risks  and  uncertainties,  which  could  have  a  negative  impact  on  future  results

of  operations.

The  successful  discovery,  development,  manufacturing  and  sale  of  biologics  is  a  long,  expensive  and

uncertain  process.  There  are  unique  risks  and  uncertainties  with  biologics.  For  example,  access  to  and

supply  of  necessary  biological  materials,  such  as  cell  lines,  may  be  limited  and  governmental  regulations

restrict  access  to  and  regulate  the  transport  and  use  of  such  materials.  In  addition,  the  development,

16

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

16

manufacturing  and  sale  of  biologics  is  subject  to  regulations  that  are  often  more  complex  and  extensive

than  the  regulations  applicable  to  other  pharmaceutical  products.  Manufacturing  biologics,  especially  in

large  quantities,  is  often  complex  and  may  require  the  use  of  innovative  technologies.  Such  manufacturing

also  requires  facilities  specifically  designed  and  validated  for  this  purpose  and  sophisticated  quality

assurance  and  quality  control  procedures.  Biologics  are  also  frequently  costly  to  manufacture  because

production  inputs  are  derived  from  living  animal  or  plant  material,  and  some  biologics  cannot  be  made

synthetically.  Failure  to  successfully  discover,  develop,  manufacture  and  sell  biologics—including

HUMIRA—could  adversely  impact  AbbVie’s  business  and  results  of  operations.

AbbVie’s  biologic  products  are  subject  to  competition  from  biosimilars.

The  Biologics  Price  Competition  and  Innovation  Act  creates  a  framework  for  the  approval  of  biosimilars

in  the  United  States  and  could  allow  competitors  to  reference  data  from  biologic  products  already

approved.  In  Europe,  the  European  Commission  has  granted  marketing  authorizations  for  several  biosimilars

pursuant  to  a  set  of  general  and  product  class-specific  guidelines  for  biosimilar  approvals  issued  over  the

past  few  years.  In  addition,  companies  are  developing  biosimilars  in  other  countries  that  could  compete

with  AbbVie’s  biologic  products.  As  competitors  are  able  to  obtain  marketing  approval  for  biosimilars

referencing  AbbVie’s  biologic  products,  AbbVie’s  products  may  become  subject  to  competition  from  such

biosimilars,  with  the  attendant  competitive  pressure  and  consequences.  Expiration  or  successful  challenge  of

AbbVie’s  applicable  patent  rights  could  also  trigger  competition  from  other  products,  assuming  any  relevant

exclusivity  period  has  expired.  As  a  result,  AbbVie  could  face  more  litigation  and  administrative  proceedings

with  respect  to  the  validity  and/or  scope  of  patents  relating  to  its  biologic  products.

New  products  and  technological  advances  by  AbbVie’s  competitors  may  negatively  affect  AbbVie’s

results  of  operations.

AbbVie  competes  with  other  research-based  pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology  companies  that

discover,  manufacture,  market,  and  sell  proprietary  pharmaceutical  products  and  biologics.  For  example,

HUMIRA  competes  with  anti-TNF  products  and  other  competitive  products  intended  to  treat  a  number  of

disease  states  and  AbbVie’s  virology  products  compete  with  other  available  hepatitis  C  treatment  options.

These  competitors  may  introduce  new  products  or  develop  technological  advances  that  compete  with

AbbVie’s  products  in  therapeutic  areas  such  as  immunology,  virology/liver  disease,  oncology  and

neuroscience.  AbbVie  cannot  predict  with  certainty  the  timing  or  impact  of  the  introduction  by  competitors

of  new  products  or  technological  advances.  Such  competing  products  may  be  safer,  more  effective,  more

effectively  marketed  or  sold,  or  have  lower  prices  or  superior  performance  features  than  AbbVie’s  products,

and  this  could  negatively  impact  AbbVie’s  business  and  results  of  operations.

The  manufacture  of  many  of  AbbVie’s  products  is  a  highly  exacting  and  complex  process,  and  if

AbbVie  or  one  of  its  suppliers  encounters  problems  manufacturing  AbbVie’s  products,  AbbVie’s  business

could  suffer.

The  manufacture  of  many  of  AbbVie’s  products  is  a  highly  exacting  and  complex  process,  due  in  part

to  strict  regulatory  requirements.  Problems  may  arise  during  manufacturing  for  a  variety  of  reasons,

including  equipment  malfunction,  failure  to  follow  specific  protocols  and  procedures,  problems  with  raw

materials,  delays  related  to  the  construction  of  new  facilities  or  the  expansion  of  existing  facilities,  including

those  intended  to  support  future  demand  for  AbbVie’s  products,  changes  in  manufacturing  production  sites

and  limits  to  manufacturing  capacity  due  to  regulatory  requirements,  changes  in  the  types  of  products

produced,  physical  limitations  that  could  inhibit  continuous  supply,  man-made  or  natural  disasters  and

environmental  factors.  If  problems  arise  during  the  production  of  a  batch  of  product,  that  batch  of  product

may  have  to  be  discarded  and  AbbVie  may  experience  product  shortages  or  incur  added  expenses.  This

could,  among  other  things,  lead  to  increased  costs,  lost  revenue,  damage  to  customer  relations,  time  and

expense  spent  investigating  the  cause  and,  depending  on  the  cause,  similar  losses  with  respect  to  other

17

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

17

batches  or  products.  If  problems  are  not  discovered  before  the  product  is  released  to  the  market,  recall

and  product  liability  costs  may  also  be  incurred.

AbbVie  uses  a  number  of  products  in  its  pharmaceutical  and  biologic  manufacturing  processes  that

are  sourced  from  single  suppliers,  and  an  interruption  in  the  supply  of  those  products  could  adversely

affect  AbbVie’s  business  and  results  of  operations.

AbbVie  uses  a  number  of  products  in  its  pharmaceutical  and  biologic  manufacturing  processes  that  are

sourced  from  single  suppliers.  The  failure  of  these  single-source  suppliers  to  fulfill  their  contractual

obligations  in  a  timely  manner  or  as  a  result  of  regulatory  noncompliance  or  physical  disruption  at  a

manufacturing  site  may  impair  AbbVie’s  ability  to  deliver  its  products  to  customers  on  a  timely  and

competitive  basis,  which  could  adversely  affect  AbbVie’s  business  and  results  of  operations.  Finding  an

alternative  supplier  could  take  a  significant  amount  of  time  and  involve  significant  expense  due  to  the

nature  of  the  products  and  the  need  to  obtain  regulatory  approvals.  AbbVie  cannot  guarantee  that  it  will

be  able  to  reach  agreement  with  alternative  providers  or  that  regulatory  authorities  would  approve

AbbVie’s  use  of  such  alternatives.  AbbVie  does,  however,  carry  business  interruption  insurance,  which

provides  a  degree  of  protection  in  the  case  of  a  failure  by  a  single-source  supplier.

Significant  safety  or  efficacy  issues  could  arise  for  AbbVie’s  products,  which  could  have  a  material

adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s  revenues  and  financial  condition.

Pharmaceutical  products  receive  regulatory  approval  based  on  data  obtained  in  controlled  clinical  trials

of  limited  duration.  Following  regulatory  approval,  these  products  will  be  used  over  longer  periods  of  time

in  many  patients.  Investigators  may  also  conduct  additional,  and  perhaps  more  extensive,  studies.  If  new

safety  or  efficacy  issues  are  reported  or  if  new  scientific  information  becomes  available  (including  results  of

post-marketing  Phase  4  trials),  or  if  governments  change  standards  regarding  safety,  efficacy  or  labeling,

AbbVie  may  be  required  to  amend  the  conditions  of  use  for  a  product.  For  example,  AbbVie  may

voluntarily  provide  or  be  required  to  provide  updated  information  on  a  product’s  label  or  narrow  its

approved  indication,  either  of  which  could  reduce  the  product’s  market  acceptance.  If  safety  or  efficacy

issues  with  an  AbbVie  product  arise,  sales  of  the  product  could  be  halted  by  AbbVie  or  by  regulatory

authorities.  Safety  or  efficacy  issues  affecting  suppliers’  or  competitors’  products  also  may  reduce  the

market  acceptance  of  AbbVie’s  products.

New  data  about  AbbVie’s  products,  or  products  similar  to  its  products,  could  negatively  impact  demand

for  AbbVie’s  products  due  to  real  or  perceived  safety  issues  or  uncertainty  regarding  efficacy  and,  in  some

cases,  could  result  in  product  withdrawal.  Furthermore,  new  data  and  information,  including  information

about  product  misuse,  may  lead  government  agencies,  professional  societies,  practice  management  groups

or  organizations  involved  with  various  diseases  to  publish  guidelines  or  recommendations  related  to  the  use

of  AbbVie’s  products  or  the  use  of  related  therapies  or  place  restrictions  on  sales.  Such  guidelines  or

recommendations  may  lead  to  lower  sales  of  AbbVie’s  products.

AbbVie  is  subject  to  product  liability  claims  and  lawsuits  that  may  adversely  affect  its  business  and

results  of  operations.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  AbbVie  is  the  subject  of  product  liability  claims  and  lawsuits

alleging  that  AbbVie’s  products  or  the  products  of  other  companies  that  it  promotes  have  resulted  or  could

result  in  an  unsafe  condition  for  or  injury  to  patients.  Product  liability  claims  and  lawsuits  and  safety  alerts

or  product  recalls,  regardless  of  their  ultimate  outcome,  may  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s

business,  results  of  operations  and  reputation  and  on  its  ability  to  attract  and  retain  customers.

Consequences  may  also  include  additional  costs,  a  decrease  in  market  share  for  the  product  in  question,

lower  income  and  exposure  to  other  claims.  Product  liability  losses  are  self-insured.

18

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

18

AbbVie  is  subject  to  cost-containment  efforts  and  pricing  pressures  that  could  cause  a  reduction  in

future  revenues  and  operating  earnings,  and  changes  in  the  terms  of  rebate  and  chargeback  programs,

which  are  common  in  the  pharmaceuticals  industry,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s

operations.

Cost-containment  efforts  by  governments  and  private  organizations  are  described  in  greater  detail  in

Item  1,  ‘‘Business—Regulation—Commercialization,  Distribution  and  Manufacturing.’’  To  the  extent  these

cost  containment  efforts  are  not  offset  by  greater  demand,  increased  patient  access  to  health  care,  or  other

factors,  AbbVie’s  future  revenues  and  operating  earnings  will  be  reduced.  In  the  United  States,  the

European  Union  and  other  countries,  AbbVie’s  business  has  experienced  downward  pressure  on  product

pricing,  and  this  pressure  could  increase  in  the  future.

AbbVie  is  subject  to  increasing  public  and  legislative  pressure  with  respect  to  pharmaceutical  pricing.  In

the  United  States,  practices  of  managed  care  groups,  and  institutional  and  governmental  purchasers,  and

United  States  federal  laws  and  regulations  related  to  Medicare  and  Medicaid,  including  the  Medicare

Prescription  Drug  Improvement  and  Modernization  Act  of  2003  and  the  Patient  Protection  and  Affordable

Care  Act,  contribute  to  pricing  pressures.  The  potential  for  continuing  changes  to  the  health  care  system  in

the  United  States  and  the  increased  purchasing  power  of  entities  that  negotiate  on  behalf  of  Medicare,

Medicaid  and  private  sector  beneficiaries  could  result  in  additional  pricing  pressures.

In  numerous  major  markets  worldwide,  the  government  plays  a  significant  role  in  funding  health  care

services  and  determining  the  pricing  and  reimbursement  of  pharmaceutical  products.  Consequently,  in  those

markets,  AbbVie  is  subject  to  government  decision-making  and  budgetary  actions  with  respect  to  its

products.  In  particular,  many  European  countries  have  ongoing  government-mandated  price  reductions  for

many  pharmaceutical  products,  and  AbbVie  anticipates  continuing  pricing  pressures  in  Europe.  Differences

between  countries  in  pricing  regulations  could  lead  to  third-party  cross-border  trading  in  AbbVie’s  products

that  results  in  a  reduction  in  future  revenues  and  operating  earnings.

Rebates  related  to  government  programs,  such  as  fee-for-service  Medicaid  or  Medicaid  managed  care

programs,  arise  from  laws  and  regulations.  AbbVie  cannot  predict  if  additional  government  initiatives  to

contain  health  care  costs  or  other  factors  could  lead  to  new  or  modified  regulatory  requirements  that

include  higher  or  incremental  rebates  or  discounts.  Other  rebate  and  discount  programs  arise  from

contractual  agreements  with  private  payers.  Various  factors,  including  market  factors  and  the  ability  of

private  payers  to  control  patient  access  to  products,  may  provide  payers  the  leverage  to  negotiate  higher  or

additional  rebates  or  discounts  that  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s  operations.

AbbVie  is  subject  to  numerous  governmental  regulations,  and  it  can  be  costly  to  comply  with  these

regulations  and  to  develop  compliant  products  and  processes.

AbbVie’s  products  are  subject  to  rigorous  regulation  by  numerous  international,  supranational,  federal

and  state  authorities,  as  described  in  Item  1,  ‘‘Business—Regulation—Discovery  and  Clinical  Development.’’

The  process  of  obtaining  regulatory  approvals  to  market  a  pharmaceutical  product  can  be  costly  and  time

consuming,  and  approvals  might  not  be  granted  for  future  products,  or  additional  indications  or  uses  of

existing  products,  on  a  timely  basis,  if  at  all.  Delays  in  the  receipt  of,  or  failure  to  obtain  approvals  for,

future  products,  or  new  indications  and  uses,  could  result  in  delayed  realization  of  product  revenues,

reduction  in  revenues  and  substantial  additional  costs.

In  addition,  AbbVie  cannot  guarantee  that  it  will  remain  compliant  with  applicable  regulatory

requirements  once  approval  has  been  obtained  for  a  product.  These  requirements  include,  among  other

things,  regulations  regarding  manufacturing  practices,  product  labeling  and  advertising  and  post-marketing

reporting,  including  adverse  event  reports  and  field  alerts  due  to  manufacturing  quality  concerns.  AbbVie

must  incur  expense  and  spend  time  and  effort  to  ensure  compliance  with  these  complex  regulations.

19

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

19

Possible  regulatory  actions  could  result  in  substantial  modifications  to  AbbVie’s  business  practices  and

operations;  refunds,  recalls,  or  seizures  of  AbbVie’s  products;  a  total  or  partial  shutdown  of  production  in

one  or  more  of  AbbVie’s  or  its  suppliers’  facilities  while  AbbVie  or  its  supplier  remedies  the  alleged

violation;  the  inability  to  obtain  future  approvals;  and  withdrawals  or  suspensions  of  current  products  from

the  market.  Any  of  these  events  could  disrupt  AbbVie’s  business  and  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  its

business  and  results  of  operations.

Laws  and  regulations  affecting  government  benefit  programs  could  impose  new  obligations  on

AbbVie,  require  it  to  change  its  business  practices,  and  restrict  its  operations  in  the  future.

The  health  care  industry  is  subject  to  various  federal,  state  and  international  laws  and  regulations

pertaining  to  government  benefit  programs  reimbursement,  rebates,  price  reporting  and  regulation  and

health  care  fraud  and  abuse.  In  the  United  States,  these  laws  include  anti-kickback  and  false  claims  laws,

the  Medicaid  Rebate  Statute,  the  Veterans  Health  Care  Act  and  individual  state  laws  relating  to  pricing  and

sales  and  marketing  practices.  Violations  of  these  laws  may  be  punishable  by  criminal  and/or  civil  sanctions,

including,  in  some  instances,  substantial  fines,  imprisonment  and  exclusion  from  participation  in  federal  and

state  health  care  programs,  including  Medicare,  Medicaid  and  Veterans  Administration  health  programs.

These  laws  and  regulations  are  broad  in  scope  and  they  are  subject  to  change  and  evolving  interpretations,

which  could  require  AbbVie  to  incur  substantial  costs  associated  with  compliance  or  to  alter  one  or  more  of

its  sales  or  marketing  practices.  In  addition,  violations  of  these  laws,  or  allegations  of  such  violations,  could

disrupt  AbbVie’s  business  and  result  in  a  material  adverse  effect  on  its  business  and  results  of  operations.

AbbVie  could  be  subject  to  increased  monetary  penalties  and/or  other  sanctions,  including  exclusion

from  federal  health  care  programs,  if  it  fails  to  comply  with  the  terms  of  the  May  7,  2012  resolution  of

the  Department  of  Justice’s  investigation  into  sales  and  marketing  activities  for  Depakote.

On  May  7,  2012,  Abbott  settled  United  States  federal  and  49  state  investigations  into  its  sales  and

marketing  activities  for  Depakote  by  pleading  guilty  to  a  misdemeanor  violation  of  the  Food,  Drug  and

Cosmetic  Act,  agreeing  to  pay  approximately  $700  million  in  criminal  fines  and  forfeitures  and

approximately  $900  million  to  resolve  civil  claims,  and  submitting  to  a  term  of  probation.  The  term  of

probation  ended  January  1,  2016  upon  AbbVie  satisfying  all  of  the  probation  conditions.  However,  if  AbbVie

violates  any  remaining  terms  of  the  plea  agreement,  it  may  face  additional  monetary  sanctions  and  other

such  remedies  as  the  court  deems  appropriate.

In  addition,  Abbott  entered  into  a  five-year  CIA  with  the  Office  of  Inspector  General  for  the

United  States  Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services  (OIG).  The  effective  date  of  the  CIA  is  October  11,

2012.  The  obligations  of  the  CIA  have  transferred  to  and  become  fully  binding  on  AbbVie.  The  CIA  requires

enhancements  to  AbbVie’s  compliance  program,  fulfillment  of  reporting  and  monitoring  obligations,

management  certifications  and  resolutions  from  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors,  among  other  requirements.

Compliance  with  the  requirements  of  the  settlement  will  impose  additional  costs  and  burdens  on  AbbVie,

including  in  the  form  of  employee  training,  third  party  reviews,  compliance  monitoring,  reporting

obligations  and  management  attention.  If  AbbVie  fails  to  comply  with  the  CIA,  the  OIG  may  impose

monetary  penalties  or  exclude  AbbVie  from  federal  health  care  programs,  including  Medicare  and  Medicaid.

AbbVie  and  Abbott  may  be  subject  to  third  party  claims  and  shareholder  lawsuits  in  connection  with  the

settlement,  and  AbbVie  may  be  required  to  indemnify  all  or  a  portion  of  Abbott’s  costs.

20

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

20

The  international  nature  of  AbbVie’s  business  subjects  it  to  additional  business  risks  that  may  cause

its  revenue  and  profitability  to  decline.

AbbVie’s  business  is  subject  to  risks  associated  with  doing  business  internationally,  including  in

emerging  markets.  Net  revenues  outside  of  the  United  States  make  up  approximately  35%  of  AbbVie’s  total

net  revenues  in  2017.  The  risks  associated  with  AbbVie’s  operations  outside  the  United  States  include:

• fluctuations  in  currency  exchange  rates;

• changes  in  medical  reimbursement  policies  and  programs;

• multiple  legal  and  regulatory  requirements  that  are  subject  to  change  and  that  could  restrict

AbbVie’s  ability  to  manufacture,  market  and  sell  its  products;

• differing  local  product  preferences  and  product  requirements;

• trade  protection  measures  and  import  or  export  licensing  requirements;

• difficulty  in  establishing,  staffing  and  managing  operations;

• differing  labor  regulations;

• potentially  negative  consequences  from  changes  in  or  interpretations  of  tax  laws;

• political  and  economic  instability,  including  sovereign  debt  issues;

• price  and  currency  exchange  controls,  limitations  on  participation  in  local  enterprises,  expropriation,

nationalization  and  other  governmental  action;

• inflation,  recession  and  fluctuations  in  interest  rates;

• potential  deterioration  in  the  economic  position  and  credit  quality  of  certain  non-U.S.  countries,

including  in  Europe  and  Latin  America;  and

• potential  penalties  or  other  adverse  consequences  for  violations  of  anti-corruption,  anti-bribery  and

other  similar  laws  and  regulations,  including  the  United  States  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act  and  the

United  Kingdom  Bribery  Act.

Events  contemplated  by  these  risks  may,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  have  a  material  adverse  effect

on  AbbVie’s  revenues  and  profitability.

If  AbbVie  does  not  effectively  and  profitably  commercialize  IMBRUVICA,  AbbVie’s  revenues  and

financial  condition  could  be  adversely  affected.

AbbVie  must  effectively  and  profitably  commercialize  IMBRUVICA  by  creating  and  meeting  continued

market  demand;  achieving  market  acceptance  and  generating  product  sales;  ensuring  that  the  active

pharmaceutical  ingredient  for  IMBRUVICA  and  the  finished  product  are  manufactured  in  sufficient  quantities

and  in  compliance  with  requirements  of  the  FDA  and  similar  foreign  regulatory  agencies  and  with

acceptable  quality  and  pricing  to  meet  commercial  demand;  and  ensuring  that  the  entire  supply  chain

efficiently  and  consistently  delivers  IMBRUVICA  to  AbbVie’s  customers.  The  commercialization  of  IMBRUVICA

may  not  be  successful  due  to,  among  other  things,  unexpected  challenges  from  competitors,  new  safety

issues  or  concerns  being  reported  that  may  impact  or  narrow  the  approved  indications,  the  relative  price  of

IMBRUVICA  as  compared  to  alternative  treatment  options  and  changes  to  the  label  for  IMBRUVICA  that

further  restrict  its  marketing.  If  the  commercialization  of  IMBRUVICA  is  unsuccessful,  AbbVie’s  ability  to

generate  revenue  from  product  sales  and  realize  the  anticipated  benefits  of  the  merger  with  Pharmacyclics

will  be  adversely  affected.

21

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

21

AbbVie  may  acquire  other  businesses,  license  rights  to  technologies  or  products,  form  alliances,  or

dispose  of  assets,  which  could  cause  it  to  incur  significant  expenses  and  could  negatively  affect

profitability.

AbbVie  may  pursue  acquisitions,  technology  licensing  arrangements,  and  strategic  alliances,  or  dispose

of  some  of  its  assets,  as  part  of  its  business  strategy.  AbbVie  may  not  complete  these  transactions  in  a

timely  manner,  on  a  cost-effective  basis,  or  at  all,  and  may  not  realize  the  expected  benefits.  If  AbbVie  is

successful  in  making  an  acquisition,  the  products  and  technologies  that  are  acquired  may  not  be  successful

or  may  require  significantly  greater  resources  and  investments  than  originally  anticipated.  AbbVie  may  not

be  able  to  integrate  acquisitions  successfully  into  its  existing  business  and  could  incur  or  assume  significant

debt  and  unknown  or  contingent  liabilities.  AbbVie  could  also  experience  negative  effects  on  its  reported

results  of  operations  from  acquisition  or  disposition-related  charges,  amortization  of  expenses  related  to

intangibles  and  charges  for  impairment  of  long-term  assets.  These  effects  could  cause  a  deterioration  of

AbbVie’s  credit  rating  and  result  in  increased  borrowing  costs  and  interest  expense.

Additionally,  changes  in  AbbVie’s  structure,  operations,  revenues,  costs,  or  efficiency  resulting  from

major  transactions  such  as  acquisitions,  divestitures,  mergers,  alliances,  restructurings  or  other  strategic

initiatives,  may  result  in  greater  than  expected  costs,  may  take  longer  than  expected  to  complete  or

encounter  other  difficulties,  including  the  need  for  regulatory  approval  where  appropriate.

AbbVie  is  dependent  on  wholesale  distributors  for  distribution  of  its  products  in  the  United  States

and,  accordingly,  its  results  of  operations  could  be  adversely  affected  if  they  encounter  financial

difficulties.

In  2017,  three  wholesale  distributors  (McKesson  Corporation,  Cardinal  Health,  Inc.  and

AmerisourceBergen  Corporation)  accounted  for  substantially  all  of  AbbVie’s  sales  in  the  United  States.  If  one

of  its  significant  wholesale  distributors  encounters  financial  or  other  difficulties,  such  distributor  may

decrease  the  amount  of  business  that  it  does  with  AbbVie,  and  AbbVie  may  be  unable  to  collect  all  the

amounts  that  the  distributor  owes  it  on  a  timely  basis  or  at  all,  which  could  negatively  impact  AbbVie’s

business  and  results  of  operations.

AbbVie  has  debt  obligations  that  could  adversely  affect  its  business  and  its  ability  to  meet  its

obligations.

The  amount  of  debt  that  AbbVie  has  incurred  and  intends  to  incur  could  have  important  consequences

to  AbbVie  and  its  investors.  These  consequences  include,  among  other  things,  requiring  a  portion  of

AbbVie’s  cash  flow  from  operations  to  make  interest  payments  on  this  debt  and  reducing  the  cash  flow

available  to  fund  capital  expenditures  and  other  corporate  purposes  and  to  grow  AbbVie’s  business.  To  the

extent  AbbVie  incurs  additional  indebtedness,  these  risks  could  increase.  In  addition,  AbbVie’s  cash  flow

from  operations  may  not  be  sufficient  to  repay  all  of  the  outstanding  debt  as  it  becomes  due,  and  AbbVie

may  not  be  able  to  borrow  money,  sell  assets,  or  otherwise  raise  funds  on  acceptable  terms,  or  at  all,  to

refinance  its  debt.

AbbVie  may  need  additional  financing  in  the  future  to  meet  its  capital  needs  or  to  make

opportunistic  acquisitions,  and  such  financing  may  not  be  available  on  favorable  terms,  if  at  all.

AbbVie  may  need  to  seek  additional  financing  for  its  general  corporate  purposes.  For  example,  it  may

need  to  increase  its  investment  in  research  and  development  activities  or  need  funds  to  make  acquisitions.

AbbVie  may  be  unable  to  obtain  any  desired  additional  financing  on  terms  favorable  to  it,  if  at  all.  If

AbbVie  loses  its  investment  grade  credit  rating  or  adequate  funds  are  not  available  on  acceptable  terms,

AbbVie  may  be  unable  to  fund  its  expansion,  successfully  develop  or  enhance  products,  or  respond  to

competitive  pressures,  any  of  which  could  negatively  affect  AbbVie’s  business.  If  AbbVie  raises  additional

22

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

22

funds  by  issuing  debt  or  entering  into  credit  facilities,  it  may  be  subject  to  limitations  on  its  operations  due

to  restrictive  covenants.  Failure  to  comply  with  these  covenants  could  adversely  affect  AbbVie’s  business.

AbbVie  depends  on  information  technology  and  a  failure  of  those  systems  could  adversely  affect

AbbVie’s  business.

AbbVie  relies  on  sophisticated  information  technology  systems  to  operate  its  business.  These  systems

are  potentially  vulnerable  to  malicious  intrusion,  random  attack,  loss  of  data  privacy,  or  breakdown.  Data

privacy  or  security  breaches  by  employees  or  others  may  cause  sensitive  data,  including  intellectual

property,  trade  secrets  or  personal  information  belonging  to  AbbVie,  its  patients,  customers  or  business

partners,  to  be  exposed  to  unauthorized  persons  or  to  the  public.  Although  AbbVie  has  invested  in  the

protection  of  its  data  and  information  technology  and  also  monitors  its  systems  on  an  ongoing  basis,  there

can  be  no  assurance  that  these  efforts  will  prevent  breakdowns  or  breaches  in  AbbVie’s  information

technology  systems  that  could  adversely  affect  AbbVie’s  business.

Other  factors  can  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s  profitability  and  financial  condition.

Many  other  factors  can  affect  AbbVie’s  results  of  operations,  cash  flows  and  financial  condition,

including:

• changes  in  or  interpretations  of  laws  and  regulations,  including  changes  in  accounting  standards,

taxation  requirements,  product  marketing  application  standards  and  environmental  laws;

• differences  between  the  fair  value  measurement  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  actual  value,

particularly  for  pension  and  post-employment  benefits,  stock-based  compensation,  intangibles  and

goodwill;  and  for  contingent  liabilities  such  as  litigation  and  contingent  consideration,  the  absence  of

a  recorded  amount,  or  an  amount  recorded  at  the  minimum,  compared  to  the  actual  amount;

• changes  in  the  rate  of  inflation  (including  the  cost  of  raw  materials,  commodities  and  supplies),

interest  rates,  market  value  of  AbbVie’s  equity  investments  and  the  performance  of  investments  held

by  it  or  its  employee  benefit  trusts;

• changes  in  the  creditworthiness  of  counterparties  that  transact  business  with  or  provide  services  to

AbbVie  or  its  employee  benefit  trusts;

• changes  in  the  ability  of  third  parties  that  provide  information  technology,  accounting,  human

resources,  payroll  and  other  outsourced  services  to  AbbVie  to  meet  their  contractual  obligations  to

AbbVie;  and

• changes  in  business,  economic  and  political  conditions,  including:  war,  political  instability,  terrorist

attacks,  the  threat  of  future  terrorist  activity  and  related  military  action;  natural  disasters;  the  cost

and  availability  of  insurance  due  to  any  of  the  foregoing  events;  labor  disputes,  strikes,  slow-downs,

or  other  forms  of  labor  or  union  activity;  and  pressure  from  third-party  interest  groups.

Risks  Related  to  AbbVie’s  Common  Stock

AbbVie  cannot  guarantee  the  timing,  amount,  or  payment  of  dividends  on  its  common  stock.

Although  AbbVie  expects  to  pay  regular  cash  dividends,  the  timing,  declaration,  amount  and  payment

of  future  dividends  to  stockholders  will  fall  within  the  discretion  of  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors.  The  board’s

decisions  regarding  the  payment  of  dividends  will  depend  on  many  factors,  such  as  AbbVie’s  financial

condition,  earnings,  capital  requirements,  debt  service  obligations,  industry  practice,  legal  requirements,

regulatory  constraints  and  other  factors  that  the  board  deems  relevant.  For  more  information,  see  Item  5,

‘‘Market  for  Registrant’s  Common  Equity,  Related  Stockholder  Matters  and  Issuer  Purchases  of  Equity

Securities.’’  AbbVie’s  ability  to  pay  dividends  will  depend  on  its  ongoing  ability  to  generate  cash  from

23

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

23

operations  and  access  capital  markets.  AbbVie  cannot  guarantee  that  it  will  continue  to  pay  a  dividend  in

the  future.

An  AbbVie  stockholder’s  percentage  of  ownership  in  AbbVie  may  be  diluted  in  the  future.

In  the  future,  a  stockholder’s  percentage  ownership  in  AbbVie  may  be  diluted  because  of  equity

issuances  for  capital  market  transactions,  equity  awards  that  AbbVie  will  be  granting  to  AbbVie’s  directors,

officers  and  employees,  acquisitions,  or  other  purposes.  AbbVie’s  employees  have  options  to  purchase

shares  of  its  common  stock  as  a  result  of  conversion  of  their  Abbott  stock  options  (in  whole  or  in  part)  to

AbbVie  stock  options.  AbbVie  anticipates  its  compensation  committee  will  grant  additional  stock  options  or

other  stock-based  awards  to  its  employees.  Such  awards  will  have  a  dilutive  effect  on  AbbVie’s  earnings  per

share,  which  could  adversely  affect  the  market  price  of  AbbVie’s  common  stock.  From  time  to  time,  AbbVie

will  issue  additional  options  or  other  stock-based  awards  to  its  employees  under  AbbVie’s  employee

benefits  plans.

In  addition,  AbbVie’s  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation  authorizes  AbbVie  to  issue,

without  the  approval  of  AbbVie’s  stockholders,  one  or  more  classes  or  series  of  preferred  stock  having  such

designation,  powers,  preferences  and  relative,  participating,  optional  and  other  special  rights,  including

preferences  over  AbbVie’s  common  stock  respecting  dividends  and  distributions,  as  AbbVie’s  board  of

directors  generally  may  determine.  The  terms  of  one  or  more  classes  or  series  of  preferred  stock  could

dilute  the  voting  power  or  reduce  the  value  of  AbbVie’s  common  stock.  For  example,  AbbVie  could  grant

the  holders  of  preferred  stock  the  right  to  elect  some  number  of  AbbVie’s  directors  in  all  events  or  on  the

happening  of  specified  events  or  the  right  to  veto  specified  transactions.  Similarly,  the  repurchase  or

redemption  rights  or  liquidation  preferences  AbbVie  could  assign  to  holders  of  preferred  stock  could  affect

the  residual  value  of  the  common  stock.

Certain  provisions  in  AbbVie’s  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation  and  amended  and

restated  by-laws,  and  of  Delaware  law,  may  prevent  or  delay  an  acquisition  of  AbbVie,  which  could

decrease  the  trading  price  of  AbbVie’s  common  stock.

AbbVie’s  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation  and  amended  and  restated  by-laws  contain,

and  Delaware  law  contains,  provisions  that  are  intended  to  deter  coercive  takeover  practices  and

inadequate  takeover  bids  by  making  such  practices  or  bids  unacceptably  expensive  to  the  bidder  and  to

encourage  prospective  acquirors  to  negotiate  with  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  rather  than  to  attempt  a

hostile  takeover.  These  provisions  include,  among  others:

• the  inability  of  AbbVie’s  stockholders  to  call  a  special  meeting;

• the  division  of  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  into  three  classes  of  directors,  with  each  class  serving  a

staggered  three-year  term;

• a  provision  that  stockholders  may  only  remove  directors  for  cause;

• the  ability  of  AbbVie’s  directors,  and  not  stockholders,  to  fill  vacancies  on  AbbVie’s  board  of

directors;  and

• the  requirement  that  the  affirmative  vote  of  stockholders  holding  at  least  80%  of  AbbVie’s  voting

stock  is  required  to  amend  certain  provisions  in  AbbVie’s  amended  and  restated  certificate  of

incorporation  and  AbbVie’s  amended  and  restated  by-laws  relating  to  the  number,  term  and  election

of  AbbVie’s  directors,  the  filling  of  board  vacancies,  the  calling  of  special  meetings  of  stockholders

and  director  and  officer  indemnification  provisions.

In  addition,  Section  203  of  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law  provides  that,  subject  to  limited

exceptions,  persons  that  acquire,  or  are  affiliated  with  a  person  that  acquires,  more  than  15%  of  the

outstanding  voting  stock  of  a  Delaware  corporation  shall  not  engage  in  any  business  combination  with  that

24

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

24

corporation,  including  by  merger,  consolidation  or  acquisitions  of  additional  shares,  for  a  three-year  period

following  the  date  on  which  that  person  or  its  affiliates  becomes  the  holder  of  more  than  15%  of  the

corporation’s  outstanding  voting  stock.

AbbVie  believes  these  provisions  protect  its  stockholders  from  coercive  or  otherwise  unfair  takeover

tactics  by  requiring  potential  acquirors  to  negotiate  with  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  and  by  providing

AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  with  more  time  to  assess  any  acquisition  proposal.  These  provisions  are  not

intended  to  make  the  company  immune  from  takeovers.  However,  these  provisions  apply  even  if  the  offer

may  be  considered  beneficial  by  some  stockholders  and  could  delay  or  prevent  an  acquisition  that  AbbVie’s

board  of  directors  determines  is  not  in  the  best  interests  of  AbbVie  and  AbbVie’s  stockholders.  These

provisions  may  also  prevent  or  discourage  attempts  to  remove  and  replace  incumbent  directors.

CAUTIONARY  STATEMENT  REGARDING  FORWARD-LOOKING  STATEMENTS

This  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  contains  certain  forward  looking  statements  regarding  business

strategies,  market  potential,  future  financial  performance  and  other  matters.  The  words  ‘‘believe,’’  ‘‘expect,’’

‘‘anticipate,’’  ‘‘project’’  and  similar  expressions,  among  others,  generally  identify  ‘‘forward  looking

statements,’’  which  speak  only  as  of  the  date  the  statements  were  made.  The  matters  discussed  in  these

forward  looking  statements  are  subject  to  risks,  uncertainties  and  other  factors  that  could  cause  actual

results  to  differ  materially  from  those  projected,  anticipated  or  implied  in  the  forward  looking  statements.

In  particular,  information  included  under  Item  1,  ‘‘Business,’’  Item  1A,  ‘‘Risk  Factors,’’  and  Item  7,

‘‘Management’s  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations’’  contain  forward

looking  statements.  Where,  in  any  forward  looking  statement,  an  expectation  or  belief  as  to  future  results

or  events  is  expressed,  such  expectation  or  belief  is  based  on  the  current  plans  and  expectations  of  AbbVie

management  and  expressed  in  good  faith  and  believed  to  have  a  reasonable  basis,  but  there  can  be  no

assurance  that  the  expectation  or  belief  will  result  or  be  achieved  or  accomplished.  Factors  that  could  cause

actual  results  or  events  to  differ  materially  from  those  anticipated  include  the  matters  described  under

Item  1A,  ‘‘Risk  Factors’’  and  Item  7,  ‘‘Management’s  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and

Results  of  Operations.’’  AbbVie  does  not  undertake  any  obligation  to  update  the  forward-looking  statements

included  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  to  reflect  events  or  circumstances  after  the  date  hereof,

unless  AbbVie  is  required  by  applicable  securities  law  to  do  so.

25

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

25

ITEM  1B.  UNRESOLVED  STAFF  COMMENTS

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

None.

ITEM  2.  PROPERTIES

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie’s  corporate  offices  are  located  at  1  North  Waukegan  Road,  North  Chicago,  Illinois  60064-6400.

AbbVie’s  manufacturing  facilities  are  in  the  following  locations:

United  States

Abbott  Park,  Illinois*

Barceloneta,  Puerto  Rico

Jayuya,  Puerto  Rico

North  Chicago,  Illinois

Worcester,  Massachusetts*

Wyandotte,  Michigan*

*

Leased  property.

Outside  the  United  States

Campoverde  di  Aprilia,  Italy

Cork,  Ireland

Ludwigshafen,  Germany

Singapore*

Sligo,  Ireland

In  addition  to  the  above,  AbbVie  has  other  manufacturing  facilities  worldwide.  AbbVie  believes  its

facilities  are  suitable  and  provide  adequate  production  capacity.  There  are  no  material  encumbrances  on

AbbVie’s  owned  properties.

In  the  United  States,  including  Puerto  Rico,  AbbVie  has  one  distribution  center.  AbbVie  also  has

research  and  development  facilities  in  the  United  States  located  at:  Abbott  Park,  Illinois;  North  Chicago,

Illinois;  Redwood  City,  California;  South  San  Francisco,  California;  Sunnyvale,  California;  Cambridge,

Massachusetts;  and  Worcester,  Massachusetts.  Outside  the  United  States,  AbbVie’s  principal  research  and

development  facilities  are  located  in  Ludwigshafen,  Germany.

ITEM  3.  LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Information  pertaining  to  legal  proceedings  is  provided  in  Note  14,  ‘‘Legal  Proceedings  and

Contingencies’’  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  under  Item  8,  ‘‘Financial  Statements  and

Supplementary  Data,’’  and  is  incorporated  by  reference  herein.

ITEM  4.  MINE  SAFETY  DISCLOSURES

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Not  applicable.

26

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

26

EXECUTIVE  OFFICERS  OF  THE  REGISTRANT

The  following  table  lists  AbbVie’s  executive  officers,  each  of  whom  was  first  appointed  as  an  AbbVie

corporate  officer  in  December  2012,  except  as  otherwise  indicated:

Name

Age

Position

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

Carlos  Alban

William  J.  Chase

Henry  O.  Gosebruch*

Laura  J.  Schumacher

64

55

50

45

54

Chairman  of  the  Board  and  Chief  Executive  Officer

Executive  Vice  President,  Commercial  Operations

Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Financial  Officer

Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief  Strategy  Officer

Executive  Vice  President,  External  Affairs,  General  Counsel  and

Corporate  Secretary

Michael  E.  Severino,  M.D.*

52

Executive  Vice  President,  Research  and  Development  and  Chief

Timothy  J.  Richmond

Azita  Saleki-Gerhardt,  Ph.D.

Robert  A.  Michael*

51

54

47

Senior  Vice  President,  Human  Resources

Senior  Vice  President,  Operations

Vice  President,  Controller

Scientific  Officer

* Mr.  Gosebruch  was  first  appointed  as  a  corporate  officer  in  December  2015;  Dr.  Severino  was  first

appointed  as  a  corporate  officer  in  June  2014;  and  Mr.  Michael  was  first  appointed  as  a  corporate

officer  in  December  2015.

Mr.  Gonzalez  is  the  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  AbbVie.  He  served  as  Abbott’s  Executive

Vice  President  of  the  Pharmaceutical  Products  Group  from  July  2010  to  December  2012,  and  was

responsible  for  Abbott’s  worldwide  pharmaceutical  business,  including  commercial  operations,  research  and

development,  and  manufacturing.  He  also  served  as  President,  Abbott  Ventures  Inc.,  Abbott’s  medical

technology  investment  arm,  from  2009  to  2011.  Mr.  Gonzalez  joined  Abbott  in  1977  and  held  various

management  positions  before  briefly  retiring  in  2007,  including:  Abbott’s  President  and  Chief  Operating

Officer;  President,  Chief  Operating  Officer  of  Abbott’s  Medical  Products  Group;  Senior  Vice  President  and

President  of  Abbott’s  former  Hospital  Products  Division;  Vice  President  and  President  of  Abbott’s  Health

Systems  Division;  and  Divisional  Vice  President  and  General  Manager  for  Abbott’s  Diagnostics  Operations  in

the  United  States  and  Canada.

Mr.  Alban  is  AbbVie’s  Executive  Vice  President,  Commercial  Operations.  He  served  as  Abbott’s  Senior

Vice  President,  Proprietary  Pharmaceutical  Products,  Global  Commercial  Operations  from  2011  to  2012,  as

Senior  Vice  President,  International  Pharmaceuticals  from  2009  to  2011,  as  Vice  President,  Western  Europe

and  Canada  from  2007  to  2009,  and  as  Vice  President,  European  Operations  from  2006  to  2007.  Mr.  Alban

joined  Abbott  in  1986.

Mr.  Chase  is  AbbVie’s  Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Financial  Officer.  He  served  as  Abbott’s  Vice

President,  Licensing  and  Acquisitions  from  2010  to  2012,  as  Vice  President,  Treasurer  from  2007  to  2010,

and  as  Divisional  Vice  President,  Controller  of  Abbott  International  from  2004  to  2007.  Mr.  Chase  joined

Abbott  in  1989.

Mr.  Gosebruch  is  AbbVie’s  Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief  Strategy  Officer.  He  worked  for  more

than  20  years  in  the  Mergers  &  Acquisitions  Group  at  J.P.  Morgan  Securities  LLC,  serving  as  Managing

Director  since  2007  and  as  Co-Head  of  M&A  North  America  during  2015.  Mr.  Gosebruch  joined  AbbVie  in

2015.

Ms.  Schumacher  is  AbbVie’s  Executive  Vice  President,  External  Affairs,  General  Counsel  and  Corporate

Secretary,  responsible  for  AbbVie’s  externally-facing  functions  of  Health  Economics  Outcomes  Research,

Government  Affairs,  Corporate  Responsibility,  Brand  and  Communications.  She  also  leads  AbbVie’s  legal

functions.  Prior  to  AbbVie’s  separation  from  Abbott,  Ms.  Schumacher  served  as  Executive  Vice  President,

General  Counsel  and  Corporate  Secretary  from  2007  to  2012,  and  as  Senior  Vice  President,  Corporate

27

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

27

Secretary  and  General  Counsel  from  2005  to  2007.  Both  at  Abbott  and  AbbVie,  Ms.  Schumacher  also  led

Licensing  and  Acquisition  and  Ventures  and  Early  Stage  Collaborations.  At  Abbott,  Ms.  Schumacher  was  also

responsible  for  its  Office  of  Ethics  and  Compliance.  Ms.  Schumacher  joined  Abbott  in  1990.  She  serves  on

the  board  of  General  Dynamics  Corporation.

Dr.  Severino  is  AbbVie’s  Executive  Vice  President,  Research  and  Development  and  Chief  Scientific

Officer.  Dr.  Severino  served  at  Amgen  Inc.  as  Senior  Vice  President,  Global  Development  and  Corporate

Chief  Medical  Officer  from  2012  to  2014,  as  Vice  President,  Global  Development  from  2010  to  2012  and  as

Vice  President,  Therapeutic  Area  Head,  General  Medicine  and  Inflammation  Global  Clinical  Development

from  2007  to  2012.  He  joined  AbbVie  in  2014.

Mr.  Richmond  is  AbbVie’s  Senior  Vice  President,  Human  Resources.  He  served  as  Abbott’s  Divisional

Vice  President  of  Compensation  &  Benefits  from  2008  to  2012,  as  Group  Vice  President  of  Talent  and

Rewards  from  2007  to  2008,  and  as  Divisional  Vice  President  of  Talent  Acquisition  from  2006  to  2007.

Mr.  Richmond  joined  Abbott  in  2006.

Dr.  Saleki-Gerhardt  is  AbbVie’s  Senior  Vice  President,  Operations.  She  served  as  Abbott’s  Vice  President,

Pharmaceuticals  Manufacturing  and  Supply  from  2011  to  2012,  and  as  Divisional  Vice  President,  Quality

Assurance,  Global  Pharmaceutical  Operations  from  2008  to  2011.  Dr.  Saleki-Gerhardt  joined  Abbott  in  1993.

Mr.  Michael  has  been  Vice  President,  Controller,  since  March  1,  2017.  He  became  an  AbbVie  officer  in

2015  and  served  as  AbbVie’s  Vice  President,  Treasurer  from  2015  to  2016,  as  Vice  President,  Controller,

Commercial  Operations  from  2013  to  2015  and  Vice  President,  Financial  Planning  and  Analysis  from  2012  to

2013.  At  Abbott,  Mr.  Michael  served  as  Division  Controller,  Nutrition  Supply  Chain  from  2010  to  2012.

Mr.  Michael  joined  Abbott  in  1993.

The  executive  officers  of  AbbVie  are  elected  annually  by  the  board  of  directors.  All  other  officers  are

elected  by  the  board  or  appointed  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Board.  All  officers  are  either  elected  at  the  first

meeting  of  the  board  of  directors  held  after  the  annual  stockholder  meeting  or  appointed  by  the  Chairman

of  the  Board  after  that  board  meeting.  Each  officer  holds  office  until  a  successor  has  been  duly  elected  or

appointed  and  qualified  or  until  the  officer’s  death,  resignation,  or  removal.  There  are  no  family

relationships  between  any  of  the  executive  officers  listed  above.

28

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

28

PART  II

ITEM  5.  MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT’S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

ISSUER  PURCHASES  OF  EQUITY  SECURITIES

Principal  Market

The  principal  market  for  AbbVie’s  common  stock  is  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange  (NYSE).  AbbVie’s

common  stock  is  also  listed  on  the  Chicago  Stock  Exchange  and  traded  on  various  regional  and  electronic

exchanges.

First  Quarter

Second  Quarter

Third  Quarter

Fourth  Quarter

Stockholders

Market  Price  Per  Share

2017

2016

High

Low

High

Low

$66.79

$59.27

$59.81

$50.71

$73.67

$63.12

$65.37

$56.36

$90.95

$69.38

$68.12

$61.77

$99.10

$85.24

$65.05

$55.06

There  were  50,095  stockholders  of  record  of  AbbVie  common  stock  as  of  January  31,  2018.

Dividends

The  following  table  summarizes  quarterly  cash  dividends  declared  for  the  years  ended  December  31,

2017  and  2016:

Date  Declared

Payment  Date

Dividend  Per  Share

Date  Declared

Payment  Date

Dividend  Per  Share

2017

2016

10/27/17

09/08/17

06/22/17

02/16/17

02/15/18

11/15/17

08/15/17

05/15/17

$0.71

$0.64

$0.64

$0.64

10/28/16

02/15/17

09/09/16

11/15/16

06/16/16

08/15/16

02/18/16

05/16/16

$0.64

$0.57

$0.57

$0.57

On  October  27,  2017,  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  declared  an  increase  in  the  quarterly  cash  dividend

from  $0.64  per  share  to  $0.71  per  share,  payable  on  February  15,  2018  to  stockholders  of  record  as  of

January  12,  2018.  The  timing,  declaration,  amount  of  and  payment  of  any  dividends  by  AbbVie  in  the

future  is  within  the  discretion  of  its  board  of  directors  and  will  depend  upon  many  factors,  including

AbbVie’s  financial  condition,  earnings,  capital  requirements  of  its  operating  subsidiaries,  covenants

associated  with  certain  of  AbbVie’s  debt  service  obligations,  legal  requirements,  regulatory  constraints,

industry  practice,  ability  to  access  capital  markets  and  other  factors  deemed  relevant  by  its  board  of

directors.  Moreover,  if  AbbVie  determines  to  pay  any  dividend  in  the  future,  there  can  be  no  assurance  that

it  will  continue  to  pay  such  dividends  or  the  amount  of  such  dividends.

Performance  Graph

The  following  graph  compares  the  cumulative  total  returns  of  AbbVie,  the  S&P  500  Index  and  the  NYSE

Arca  Pharmaceuticals  Index.  This  graph  covers  the  period  from  January  2,  2013  (the  first  day  AbbVie’s

common  stock  began  ‘‘regular-way’’  trading  on  the  NYSE)  through  December  31,  2017.  This  graph  assumes

$100  was  invested  in  AbbVie  common  stock  and  each  index  on  January  2,  2013  and  also  assumes  the

reinvestment  of  dividends.  The  stock  price  performance  on  the  following  graph  is  not  necessarily  indicative

of  future  stock  price  performance.

29

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

29

COMPARISON  OF  CUMULATIVE  TOTAL  RETURN

$350

$300

$250

$200

$150

$100

01/02/2013

12/31/2013

12/31/2014

12/31/2015

12/31/2016

12/31/2017

AbbVie Inc.

S&P 500 Index

NYSE Arca Pharmaceutical Index

23FEB201816372367

This  performance  graph  is  furnished  and  shall  not  be  deemed  ‘‘filed’’  with  the  SEC  or  subject  to

Section  18  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  nor  shall  it  be  deemed  incorporated  by  reference  in  any

of  AbbVie’s  filings  under  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  as  amended.

Issuer  Purchases  of  Equity  Securities

Period

(c)  Total

Number  of

Shares  (or  Units)

(a)  Total

Number

(b)

Purchased  as  Part

(d)  Maximum  Number  (or

Average

of  Publicly

Approximate  Dollar  Value)  of

of  Shares

Price  Paid

Announced

Shares  (or  Units)  that  May

(or  Units)

per  Share

Purchased

(or  Unit)

Plans  or

Programs

Yet  Be  Purchased  Under  the

Plans  or  Programs

October  1,  2017  -  October  31,  2017

November  1,  2017  -  November  30,  2017

December  1,  2017  -  December  31,  2017

8,469

(1)

$94.35

5,279,237

(1)

$94.76

20,588

(1)

$97.85

—

$4,536,288,945

5,276,274

$4,036,289,077

—

$4,036,289,077

Total

5,308,294

(1)

94.77

5,276,274

$4,036,289,077

1.

In  addition  to  AbbVie  shares  repurchased  on  the  open  market  under  a  publicly  announced  program,  if

any,  these  shares  included  the  shares  deemed  surrendered  to  AbbVie  to  pay  the  exercise  price  in

connection  with  the  exercise  of  employee  stock  options—4,552  in  October;  1,855  in  November;  and

5,368  in  December,  with  average  exercise  prices  of  $95.96  in  October;  $93.36  in  November;  and

$97.33  in  December.

These  shares  also  included  the  shares  purchased  on  the  open  market  for  the  benefit  of  participants  in

the  AbbVie  Employee  Stock  Purchase  Plan—3,917  in  October;  1,108  in  November;  and  15,220  in

December.

These  shares  do  not  include  the  shares  surrendered  to  AbbVie  to  satisfy  minimum  tax  withholding

obligations  in  connection  with  the  vesting  or  exercise  of  stock-based  awards.

On  February  15,  2018,  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  authorized  a  new  $10.0  billion  stock  repurchase

program,  which  superseded  AbbVie’s  previous  stock  repurchase  program.  The  new  stock  repurchase

program  permits  purchases  of  AbbVie  shares  from  time  to  time  in  open-market  or  private  transactions,

including  accelerated  share  repurchases,  at  management’s  discretion.  The  program  has  no  time  limit  and

can  be  discontinued  at  any  time.

30

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

30

ITEM  6.  SELECTED  FINANCIAL  DATA

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  selected  financial  information  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  financial  statements  and

accompanying  notes  included  under  Item  8,  ‘‘Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data’’  and  Item  7,

‘‘Management’s  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations.’’

as  of  and  for  the  years  ended  December  31

(in  millions,  except  per  share  data)

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

Statement  of  earnings  data

Net  revenues

Net  earnings

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

$28,216

$25,638

$22,859

$19,960

$18,790

5,309

5,953

5,144

1,774

4,128

$ 3.31

$ 3.65

$ 3.15

$ 1.11

$ 2.58

$ 3.30

$ 3.63

$ 3.13

$ 1.10

$ 2.56

Cash  dividends  declared  per  common  share

$ 2.63

$ 2.35

$ 2.10

$ 1.75

$ 2.00

(a)

Weighted-average  basic  shares  outstanding

1,596

1,622

1,625

1,595

1,589

Weighted-average  diluted  shares  outstanding

1,603

1,631

1,637

1,610

1,604

Balance  sheet  data

Total  assets

(b)(c)

$70,786

$66,099

$53,050

$27,513

$29,241

Long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations

(b)(c)(d)

36,968

36,465

31,265

14,552

14,353

(a) AbbVie  declared  regular  quarterly  cash  dividends  in  2013  aggregating  $1.60  per  share  of  common

stock.  In  addition,  a  cash  dividend  of  $0.40  per  share  of  common  stock  was  declared  from

pre-separation  earnings  on  January  4,  2013  and  was  recorded  as  a  reduction  of  additional  paid-in

capital.

(b)

In  May  2015,  AbbVie  acquired  Pharmacyclics  for  approximately  $20.8  billion,  including  cash

consideration  of  $12.4  billion  and  equity  consideration  of  approximately  128  million  shares  of  AbbVie

common  stock  valued  at  $8.4  billion.  In  connection  with  the  acquisition,  AbbVie  issued  $16.7  billion

aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior  notes,  of  which  approximately  $11.5  billion  was  used

to  finance  the  acquisition  and  approximately  $5.0  billion  was  used  to  finance  an  accelerated  share

repurchase  (ASR)  program.  See  Note  5  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  information

regarding  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics,  Note  9  for  information  on  the  senior  notes  and  Note  12  for

information  on  the  ASR.

(c)

In  June  2016,  AbbVie  acquired  Stemcentrx  for  approximately  $6.4  billion,  including  cash  consideration

of  $1.9  billion,  equity  consideration  of  approximately  62.4  million  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock

valued  at  $3.9  billion  and  contingent  consideration  of  approximately  $620  million.  In  connection  with

the  acquisition,  AbbVie  issued  $7.8  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior  notes.  Of

the  $7.7  billion  net  proceeds,  approximately  $1.9  billion  was  used  to  finance  the  acquisition,

approximately  $3.8  billion  was  used  to  finance  an  ASR  and  approximately  $2.0  billion  was  used  to

repay  the  company’s  outstanding  term  loan  that  was  due  to  mature  in  November  2016.  See  Note  5  to

the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  information  regarding  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx,  Note  9

for  information  on  the  senior  notes  and  Note  12  for  information  on  the  ASR.

(d)

Includes  current  portion  of  both  long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations.

31

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

31

ITEM  7. MANAGEMENT’S  DISCUSSION  AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL  CONDITION  AND  RESULTS

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

OF  OPERATIONS

The  following  is  a  discussion  and  analysis  of  the  financial  condition  of  AbbVie  Inc.  (AbbVie  or  the

company)  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  2016  and  results  of  operations  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the

period  ended  December  31,  2017.  This  commentary  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  consolidated

financial  statements  and  accompanying  notes  appearing  in  Item  8,  ‘‘Financial  Statements  and

Supplementary  Data.’’

EXECUTIVE  OVERVIEW

Company  Overview

AbbVie  is  a  global,  research-based  biopharmaceutical  company  formed  in  2013  following  separation

from  Abbott  Laboratories  (Abbott).  AbbVie’s  mission  is  to  use  its  expertise,  dedicated  people  and  unique

approach  to  innovation  to  develop  and  market  advanced  therapies  that  address  some  of  the  world’s  most

complex  and  serious  diseases.  AbbVie’s  products  are  focused  on  treating  conditions  such  as  chronic

autoimmune  diseases  in  rheumatology,  gastroenterology  and  dermatology;  oncology,  including  blood

cancers;  virology,  including  hepatitis  C  (HCV)  and  human  immunodeficiency  virus  (HIV);  neurological

disorders,  such  as  Parkinson’s  disease  and  multiple  sclerosis;  metabolic  diseases,  including  thyroid  disease

and  complications  associated  with  cystic  fibrosis;  as  well  as  other  serious  health  conditions.  AbbVie  also  has

a  pipeline  of  promising  new  medicines  across  such  important  medical  specialties  as  immunology,  oncology

and  neurology,  with  additional  targeted  investment  in  cystic  fibrosis  and  women’s  health.

AbbVie’s  products  are  generally  sold  worldwide  directly  to  wholesalers,  distributors,  government

agencies,  health  care  facilities,  specialty  pharmacies  and  independent  retailers  from  AbbVie-owned

distribution  centers  and  public  warehouses.  In  the  United  States,  AbbVie  distributes  pharmaceutical

products  principally  through  independent  wholesale  distributors,  with  some  sales  directly  to  pharmacies  and

patients.  Outside  the  United  States,  sales  are  made  either  directly  to  customers  or  through  distributors,

depending  on  the  market  served.  Certain  products  are  co-marketed  or  co-promoted  with  other  companies.

AbbVie  has  approximately  29,000  employees.  AbbVie  operates  in  one  business  segment—pharmaceutical

products.

2017  Financial  Results

AbbVie’s  strategy  has  focused  on  delivering  strong  financial  results,  advancing  and  investing  in  its

pipeline  and  returning  value  to  shareholders  while  ensuring  a  strong,  sustainable  growth  business  over  the

long  term.  The  company’s  financial  performance  in  2017  included  delivering  worldwide  net  revenues  of

$28.2  billion,  operating  earnings  of  $9.6  billion  and  diluted  earnings  per  share  of  $3.30.  Worldwide  net

revenues  grew  by  10%  on  a  constant  currency  basis,  driven  primarily  by  the  continued  strength  of  HUMIRA,

revenue  growth  related  to  IMBRUVICA  and  other  key  products  including  Creon  and  Duodopa  and  the

launch  of  HCV  product  MAVYRET.  These  increases  were  partially  offset  by  a  decline  in  net  revenues  of  HCV

product  VIEKIRA.

Diluted  earnings  per  share  in  2017  was  $3.30  and  included  net  charges  related  to  the  December  2017

enactment  of  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act.  The  net  charges  included  $4.5  billion  for  the  one-time  mandatory

repatriation  of  previously  untaxed  earnings  of  foreign  subsidiaries,  partially  offset  by  after-tax  benefits  of

$3.3  billion  due  to  the  remeasurement  of  net  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  other  related  impacts.

Additional  after-tax  costs  that  impacted  2017  diluted  earnings  per  share  included  the  following:

(i)  $809  million  related  to  the  amortization  of  intangible  assets;  (ii)  $625  million  for  the  change  in  fair  value

of  contingent  consideration  liabilities;  (iii)  $327  million  for  acquired  in-process  research  and  development

(IPR&D);  (iv)  litigation  reserve  charges  of  $286  million;  (v)  an  intangible  asset  impairment  charge  of

$244  million;  (vi)  milestone  payments  of  $143  million;  and  (vii)  acquisition  related  costs  of  $49  million.

32

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

32

These  costs  were  partially  offset  by  an  after-tax  benefit  of  $91  million  due  to  a  tax  audit  settlement.  2017

financial  results  also  reflected  continued  added  funding  to  support  AbbVie’s  emerging  mid-  and  late-stage

pipeline  assets  and  continued  investment  in  AbbVie’s  growth  brands.

In  2017,  the  company  generated  cash  flows  from  operations  of  $10.0  billion,  which  AbbVie  utilized  to

continue  to  enhance  its  pipeline  through  licensing  and  collaboration  activities,  pay  cash  dividends  to

stockholders  of  $4.1  billion  and  repurchase  approximately  13  million  shares  for  $1.0  billion  in  the  open

market.  In  October  2017,  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  declared  a  quarterly  cash  dividend  of  $0.71  per  share

of  common  stock  payable  in  February  2018.  This  reflected  an  increase  of  approximately  11%  over  the

previous  quarterly  dividend  of  $0.64  per  share  of  common  stock.

2018  Strategic  Objectives

AbbVie’s  mission  is  to  be  an  innovation-driven,  patient-focused  specialty  biopharmaceutical  company

capable  of  achieving  top-tier  financial  performance  through  outstanding  execution  and  a  consistent  stream

of  innovative  new  medicines.  AbbVie  intends  to  continue  to  advance  its  mission  in  a  number  of  ways,

including:  (i)  growing  revenues  by  diversifying  revenue  streams,  driving  late-stage  pipeline  assets  to  the

market  and  ensuring  strong  commercial  execution  of  new  product  launches;  (ii)  continued  investment  and

expansion  in  its  pipeline  in  support  of  opportunities  in  immunology,  oncology  and  neurology  as  well  as

continued  investment  in  key  on-market  products;  (iii)  expanding  operating  margins;  and  (iv)  returning  cash

to  shareholders  via  dividends  and  share  repurchases.  In  addition,  AbbVie  anticipates  several  regulatory

submissions  and  key  data  readouts  from  key  clinical  trials  in  the  next  twelve  months.

AbbVie  expects  to  achieve  its  strategic  objectives  through:

• HUMIRA  sales  growth  by  driving  biologic  penetration  across  disease  categories,  maintaining  market

leadership  and  effectively  managing  biosimilar  erosion.

• IMBRUVICA  revenue  growth  driven  by  increasing  market  share  with  its  eight  currently  approved

indications  in  six  different  disease  areas.

• The  strong  execution  of  new  product  launches,  including  MAVYRET.

• The  favorable  impact  of  pipeline  products  approved  in  2017  or  currently  under  regulatory  review

where  approval  is  expected  in  2018.  These  products  are  described  in  greater  detail  in  the  section

labeled  ‘‘Research  and  Development’’  included  as  part  of  this  Item  7.

AbbVie  remains  committed  to  driving  continued  expansion  of  operating  margins  and  expects  to  achieve

this  objective  through  continued  leverage  from  revenue  growth,  the  reduction  of  HUMIRA  royalty  expense,

productivity  initiatives  in  supply  chain  and  ongoing  efficiency  programs  to  optimize  manufacturing,

commercial  infrastructure,  administrative  costs  and  general  corporate  expenses.

Research  and  Development

Research  and  innovation  are  the  cornerstones  of  AbbVie’s  business  as  a  global  biopharmaceutical

company.  AbbVie’s  long-term  success  depends  to  a  great  extent  on  its  ability  to  continue  to  discover  and

develop  innovative  pharmaceutical  products  and  acquire  or  collaborate  on  compounds  currently  in

development  by  other  biotechnology  or  pharmaceutical  companies.

AbbVie’s  pipeline  currently  includes  more  than  60  compounds  or  indications  in  clinical  development

individually  or  under  collaboration  or  license  agreements  and  is  focused  on  such  important  medical

specialties  as  immunology,  oncology  and  neurology  along  with  targeted  investments  in  cystic  fibrosis  and

women’s  health.  Of  these  programs,  more  than  30  are  in  mid-and  late-stage  development.

33

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

33

The  following  sections  summarize  transitions  of  significant  programs  from  Phase  2  development  to

Phase  3  development  as  well  as  developments  in  significant  Phase  3  and  registration  programs.  AbbVie

expects  multiple  Phase  2  programs  to  transition  into  Phase  3  programs  in  the  next  twelve  months.

Significant  Programs  and  Developments

Immunology

Upadacitinib

• In  June  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  top-line  results  from  the  Phase  3  SELECT-NEXT  clinical  trial

evaluating  upadacitinib  (ABT-494),  the  company’s  selective  JAK1  inhibitor  currently  in  late-stage

development  for  rheumatoid  arthritis  (RA),  met  all  primary  and  ranked  secondary  endpoints  in

patients  with  moderate  to  severe  RA  who  did  not  adequately  respond  to  treatment  with

conventional  synthetic  disease  modifying  anti-rheumatic  drugs  (DMARDs).  The  safety  profile  of

upadacitinib  was  consistent  with  previously  reported  Phase  2  trials  and  no  new  safety  signals  were

detected.

• In  September  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  top-line  results  from  the  Phase  3  SELECT-BEYOND  clinical

trial  evaluating  upadacitinib  met  all  primary  and  ranked  secondary  endpoints  in  patients  with

moderate  to  severe  RA  who  did  not  adequately  respond  or  were  intolerant  to  treatment  with

biologic  DMARDs.  The  safety  profile  of  upadacitinib  was  consistent  with  previously  reported  Phase  2

trials  and  the  Phase  3  SELECT-NEXT  clinical  trial,  with  no  new  safety  signals  detected.

• In  December  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  top-line  results  from  the  Phase  3  SELECT-MONOTHERAPY

clinical  trial  evaluating  upadacitinib  met  all  primary  and  key  secondary  endpoints  in  patients  with

moderate  to  severe  RA  who  did  not  adequately  respond  to  treatment  with  methotrexate.  The  safety

profile  of  upadacitinib  was  consistent  with  previously  reported  Phase  3  SELECT  clinical  trials  and

Phase  2  trials,  with  no  new  safety  signals  detected.

• In  2017,  AbbVie  initiated  Phase  3  clinical  trials  to  evaluate  the  safety  and  efficacy  of  upadacitinib  in

subjects  with  moderately  to  severely  active  Crohn’s  disease  and  in  subjects  with  moderately  to

severely  active  psoriatic  arthritis.

• In  January  2018,  the  U.S.  Food  and  Drug  Administration  (FDA)  granted  breakthrough  therapy

designation  for  upadacitinib  in  adult  patients  with  moderate  to  severe  atopic  dermatitis  who  are

candidates  for  systemic  therapy.

Risankizumab

• In  October  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  top-line  results  from  three  Phase  3  clinical  trials  evaluating

risankizumab,  an  investigational  interleukin-23  (IL-23)  inhibitor,  with  12-week  dosing  compared  to

ustekinumab  and  adalimumab  met  all  co-primary  and  ranked  secondary  endpoints  for  the  treatment

of  patients  with  moderate  to  severe  chronic  plaque  psoriasis.  The  safety  profile  was  consistent  with

all  previously  reported  studies,  and  there  were  no  new  safety  signals  detected  across  the  three

studies.

• In  December  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  top-line  results  from  the  Phase  3  IMMhance  clinical  trial

evaluating  risankizumab  at  16  weeks  and  52  weeks  of  treatment  compared  to  placebo  met  all

primary  and  ranked  secondary  endpoints  for  the  treatment  of  patients  with  moderate  to  severe

plaque  psoriasis.  The  safety  profile  was  consistent  with  all  previously  reported  Phase  3  studies,  and

there  were  no  new  safety  signals  detected  across  the  Phase  3  program.

• In  December  2017,  AbbVie  initiated  a  Phase  3  clinical  trial  to  evaluate  the  safety  and  efficacy  of

risankizumab  in  subjects  with  moderately  to  severely  active  Crohn’s  disease.

34

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

34

Oncology

IMBRUVICA

• In  January  2017,  the  FDA  approved  IMBRUVICA  for  the  treatment  of  patients  with  relapsed/

refractory  marginal  zone  lymphoma  (MZL)  who  require  systemic  therapy  and  have  received  at  least

one  prior  anti-CD20-based  therapy.  This  indication  is  approved  under  accelerated  approval  based  on

overall  response  rate  (ORR)  and  continued  approval  may  be  contingent  upon  verification  and

description  of  clinical  benefit  in  a  confirmatory  trial.  MZL  is  a  slow-growing  form  of  non-Hodgkin’s

lymphoma.

• In  August  2017,  the  FDA  approved  IMBRUVICA  for  the  treatment  of  adult  patients  with  chronic  graft-

versus-host-disease  (cGVHD)  after  failure  of  one  or  more  lines  of  systemic  therapy.  IMBRUVICA  is  the

first  therapy  specifically  approved  for  adults  with  cGVHD,  a  severe  and  potentially  life-threatening

consequence  of  stem  cell  or  bone  marrow  transplant.  This  marked  the  sixth  U.S.  disease  indication

for  IMBRUVICA  since  the  medication’s  initial  approval  in  2013  and  the  first  approved  indication

outside  of  cancer.

• In  December  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  the  Phase  3  iNNOVATE  clinical  trial  evaluating

IMBRUVICA  in  combination  with  rituximab  in  patients  with  untreated  (treatment-na¨ıve)  and

previously-treated  Waldenstr ¨om’s  macroglobulinemia  (WM)  met  its  primary  endpoint.  This  is  the  first

and  only  treatment  approved  for  newly  or  previously-treated  patients  with  WM.

VENCLEXTA

• In  February  2017,  AbbVie  initiated  a  Phase  3  clinical  trial  to  study  the  safety  and  efficacy  of

venetoclax  in  combination  with  azacitidine  in  treatment-na¨ıve  elderly  subjects  with  acute  myeloid

leukemia  (AML)  who  are  ineligible  for  standard  induction  therapy  (high-dose  chemotherapy).

• In  May  2017,  AbbVie  initiated  a  Phase  3  clinical  trial  to  evaluate  if  venetoclax  when  co-administered

with  low  dose  cytarabine  (LDAC)  improves  overall  survival  (OS)  versus  LDAC  and  placebo,  in

treatment  na¨ıve  subjects  with  AML.

• In  September  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  top-line  results  from  the  Phase  3  MURANO  clinical  trial

evaluating  venetoclax  tablets  in  combination  with  Rituxan  (rituximab)  met  the  primary  endpoint  of

prolonged  progression-free  survival  compared  with  bendamustine  in  combination  with  Rituxan  in

patients  with  relapsed/refractory  chronic  lymphocytic  leukemia  (CLL).

• In  December  2017,  AbbVie  submitted  a  supplemental  New  Drug  Application  (sNDA)  to  the  FDA  for

VENCLEXTA  (venetoclax)  in  combination  with  Rituxan  in  patients  with  relapsed  or  refractory  CLL  and

in  January  2018,  AbbVie  submitted  an  sNDA  for  VENCLEXTA  monotherapy  in  patients  with  CLL  who

have  relapsed  or  are  refractory  to  B-cell  receptor  inhibitors.

Rova-T

• In  February  2017,  AbbVie  initiated  a  Phase  3  clinical  trial  to  evaluate  the  efficacy  of  rovalpituzumab

tesirine  (Rova-T)  as  maintenance  therapy  following  first-line  platinum  based  chemotherapy  in

participants  with  extensive  stage  small  cell  lung  cancer  (SCLC).

• In  April  2017,  AbbVie  initiated  a  Phase  3  clinical  trial  to  evaluate  Rova-T  compared  with  topotecan

for  subjects  with  advanced  or  metastatic  SCLC  with  high  levels  of  delta-like  protein  3  who  have  first

disease  progression  during  or  following  front-line  platinum-based  chemotherapy.

35

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

35

ABT-414

• In  November  2017,  AbbVie  presented  results  from  the  INTELLANCE-2  trial,  a  potential  registration-

enabling  Phase  2  study  evaluating  depatuxizumab  mafodotin  (ABT-414),  an  investigational,  antibody

drug  conjugate  (ADC)  targeting  epidermal  growth  factor  receptor  (EGFR)  alone  or  in  combination

with  temozolomide  (TMZ)  in  subjects  with  recurrent  glioblastoma  multiforme  (GBM).  Results  from

the  INTELLANCE-2  study  failed  to  meet  the  primary  endpoint  of  overall  survival  and  AbbVie  will  not

be  submitting  regulatory  applications  for  ABT-414  in  recurrent  GBM.  In  INTELLANCE-2,  the

combination  of  ABT-414  and  TMZ  performed  numerically  better  than  lomustine  or  TMZ  and  a

positive  trend  in  overall  survival  was  observed.  While  AbbVie  will  not  file  in  recurrent  GBM  based  on

these  data,  the  Phase  2/3  INTELLANCE-1  trial  evaluating  the  safety  and  efficacy  of  ABT-414  in

combination  with  TMZ  in  subjects  with  newly  diagnosed  GBM  with  EGFR  amplification  is  ongoing.

Veliparib

• In  April  2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  two  Phase  3  studies  evaluating  veliparib,  an  investigational,

oral  poly  (adenosine  diphosphate-ribose)  polymerase  (PARP)  inhibitor  in  combination  with

chemotherapy  did  not  meet  their  primary  endpoints.  The  studies  evaluated  veliparib  in  combination

with  carboplatin  and  paclitaxel  in  patients  with  squamous  non-small  cell  lung  cancer  (NSCLC)  and

triple  negative  breast  cancer  (TNBC).  Ongoing  Phase  3  studies  include  non-squamous  non-small  cell

lung  cancer,  BRCA1/2  breast  cancer  and  ovarian  cancer.

Virology/Liver  Disease

• In  February  2017,  the  European  Committee  for  Medicinal  Products  for  Human  Use  (CHMP)  granted  a

positive  opinion  for  a  shorter,  eight-week  treatment  of  VIEKIRAX  (ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir

tablets)  +  EXVIERA  (dasabuvir  tablets)  as  an  option  for  previously  untreated  adult  patients  with

genotype  1b  chronic  HCV  and  minimal  to  moderate  fibrosis.

• In  July  2017,  the  European  Commission  granted  marketing  authorization  for  MAVIRET  (glecaprevir/

pibrentasvir),  a  once-daily,  ribavirin-free  treatment  for  adults  with  HCV  infection  across  all  major

genotypes  (GT1-6).  MAVIRET  is  also  indicated  for  patients  with  specific  treatment  challenges,

including  those  with  compensated  cirrhosis  across  all  major  genotypes,  and  those  who  previously

had  limited  treatment  options,  such  as  patients  with  severe  chronic  kidney  disease  (CKD)  or  those

with  genotype  3  chronic  HCV  infection.

• In  August  2017,  the  FDA  approved  MAVYRET  (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir)  for  the  treatment  of  patients

with  chronic  HCV  genotype  1-6  infection  without  cirrhosis  and  with  compensated  cirrhosis

(Child-Pugh  A).  MAVYRET  is  also  indicated  for  the  treatment  of  adult  patients  with  HCV  genotype  1

infection,  who  previously  have  been  treated  with  a  regimen  containing  an  HCV  NS5A  inhibitor  or  an

NS3/4A  protease  inhibitor,  but  not  both.  MAVYRET/  MAVIRET  is  an  8-week,  pan-genotypic  treatment

for  patients  without  cirrhosis  and  who  are  new  to  treatment.

Other

• In  September  2017,  AbbVie  submitted  a  New  Drug  Application  to  the  FDA  for  elagolix,  an

investigational,  orally  administered  gonadotropin-releasing  hormone  (GnRH)  antagonist,  being

evaluated  for  the  management  of  endometriosis  with  associated  pain.  In  October,  AbbVie  was

granted  priority  review  for  elagolix  by  the  FDA  for  the  management  of  endometriosis  with  associated

pain.  In  November,  AbbVie  announced  detailed  results  from  two  replicate  Phase  3  extension  studies

evaluating  the  long-term  efficacy  and  safety  of  elagolix,  being  evaluated  for  the  management  of

endometriosis  with  associated  pain.

36

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

36

• In  December  2017,  AbbVie  announced  the  strategic  decision  to  close  the  SONAR  study,  a  Phase  3

clinical  trial  evaluating  the  effects  of  the  investigational  compound  atrasentan  on  progression  of

kidney  disease  in  patients  with  stage  2  to  4  chronic  kidney  disease  and  type  2  diabetes  when  added

to  standard  of  care.  The  ongoing  monitoring  of  renal  events  observed  in  the  study  revealed

considerably  fewer  endpoints  than  expected  at  the  time  of  analysis,  which  will  likely  affect  the

ability  to  test  the  SONAR  study  hypothesis.  Therefore,  AbbVie  determined  that  it  cannot  justify

continuing  the  participation  of  patients  in  the  study.  The  decision  to  close  the  SONAR  study  early

was  not  related  to  any  safety  concerns.

RESULTS  OF  OPERATIONS

Net  Revenues

The  comparisons  presented  at  constant  currency  rates  reflect  comparative  local  currency  net  revenues

at  the  prior  year’s  foreign  exchange  rates.  This  measure  provides  information  on  the  change  in  net

revenues  assuming  that  foreign  currency  exchange  rates  had  not  changed  between  the  prior  and  the

current  periods.  AbbVie  believes  that  the  non-GAAP  measure  of  change  in  net  revenues  at  constant

currency  rates,  when  used  in  conjunction  with  the  GAAP  measure  of  change  in  net  revenues  at  actual

currency  rates,  may  provide  a  more  complete  understanding  of  the  company’s  operations  and  can  facilitate

analysis  of  the  company’s  results  of  operations,  particularly  in  evaluating  performance  from  one  period  to

another.

for  the  years  ended  (dollars  in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2017

2016

United  States

International

Net  revenues

$18,251

$15,947

$13,561

14.4% 17.6% 14.4% 17.6%

9,965

9,691

9,298

2.8% 4.2% 2.1% 7.3%

$28,216

$25,638

$22,859

10.1% 12.2% 9.8% 13.5%

Percent  change

At  actual

currency

rates

At  constant

currency

rates

37

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

37

The  following  table  details  AbbVie’s  worldwide  net  revenues:

Percent  change

At  actual

currency

rates

At  constant

currency

rates

Years  ended  December  31  (dollars  in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2017

2016

HUMIRA

United  States

International

Total

IMBRUVICA

United  States

$12,361

$10,432

$ 8,405

18.5%

24.1% 18.5%

24.1%

6,066

5,646

5,607

7.4%

0.7% 6.7%

4.3%

$18,427

$16,078

$14,012

14.6%

14.7% 14.4%

16.1%

$ 2,144

$ 1,580

$

659

35.8% >100.0% 35.8% >100.0%

Collaboration  revenues

429

252

95

70.0% >100.0% 70.0% >100.0%

Total

HCV

United  States

International

Total

Lupron

United  States

International

Total

Creon

$ 2,573

$ 1,832

$

754

40.5% >100.0% 40.5% >100.0%

$

338

$

342

$

804

(1.4)%

(57.4)% (1.4)%

(57.4)%

936

1,180

835

(20.6)%

41.3% (20.5)%

42.7%

$ 1,274

$ 1,522

$ 1,639

(16.3)%

(7.1)% (16.2)%

(6.4)%

$

669

$

663

$

653

0.8%

1.5% 0.8%

1.5%

160

158

173

1.4%

(8.5)% 0.5%

(5.2)%

$

829

$

821

$

826

0.9%

(0.6)% 0.7%

0.1%

United  States

$

831

$

730

$

632

13.9%

15.5% 13.9%

15.5%

Synagis

International

Synthroid

United  States

AndroGel

United  States

Kaletra

United  States

International

Total

Sevoflurane

United  States

International

Total

Duodopa

United  States

International

Total

All  other

$

738

$

730

$

740

1.2%

(1.5)% 0.6%

(0.4)%

$

781

$

763

$

755

2.3%

1.1% 2.3%

1.1%

$

577

$

675

$

694

(14.5)%

(2.8)% (14.5)%

(2.8)%

$

71

$

116

$

163

(38.6)%

(28.8)% (38.6)%

(28.8)%

352

433

537

(18.8)%

(19.3)% (21.1)%

(13.3)%

$

423

$

549

$

700

(22.9)%

(21.5)% (24.7)%

(16.9)%

$

78

$

80

$

81

(2.1)%

(1.0)% (2.1)%

(1.0)%

332

348

393

(4.6)%

(11.4)% (3.7)%

(6.9)%

$

410

$

428

$

474

(4.1)%

(9.7)% (3.4)%

(6.0)%

$

61

$

37

$

12

66.1% >100.0% 66.1% >100.0%

294

256

219

14.6%

16.9% 13.1%

18.1%

$

$

355

$

293

$

231

21.1%

26.9% 19.8%

28.1%

998

$ 1,217

$ 1,402

(18.0)%

(13.2)% (18.2)%

(12.3)%

Total  net  revenues

$28,216

$25,638

$22,859

10.1%

12.2% 9.8%

13.5%

38

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

38

The  following  discussion  and  analysis  of  AbbVie’s  net  revenues  by  product  is  presented  on  a  constant

currency  basis.

Global  HUMIRA  sales  increased  14%  in  2017  and  16%  in  2016.  The  sales  increases  in  2017  and  2016

were  driven  by  market  growth  across  therapeutic  categories  and  geographies  as  well  as  favorable  pricing  in

certain  geographies.  The  sales  increase  in  2016  was  also  driven  by  the  approval  of  new  indications.  In  the

United  States,  HUMIRA  sales  increased  18%  in  2017  and  24%  in  2016.  The  sales  increase  in  2017  was

driven  by  market  growth  across  all  indications  and  favorable  pricing.  The  sales  increase  in  2016  was  driven

by  market  growth  across  all  indications,  higher  market  share  and  favorable  pricing.  Internationally,  HUMIRA

revenues  increased  7%  in  2017  and  4%  in  2016,  driven  primarily  by  market  growth  across  indications.

AbbVie  continues  to  pursue  strategies  intended  to  further  differentiate  HUMIRA  from  competing  products

and  add  to  the  sustainability  and  future  growth  of  HUMIRA.

Net  revenues  for  IMBRUVICA  represent  product  revenues  in  the  United  States  and  collaboration

revenues  outside  of  the  United  States  related  to  AbbVie’s  50%  share  of  IMBRUVICA  profit.  Net  revenues  for

IMBRUVICA  commenced  following  the  completion  of  the  Pharmacyclics  acquisition  on  May  26,  2015.  Global

IMBRUVICA  sales  increased  40%  in  2017  as  a  result  of  continued  penetration  of  IMBRUVICA  as  a  first-line

treatment  for  patients  with  CLL  as  well  as  favorable  pricing.  The  sales  increase  in  2016  was  driven  by

market  share  gains  following  the  FDA  and  EMA  approval  of  IMBRUVICA  as  a  first-line  treatment  for  patients

with  CLL  as  well  as  having  a  full  year  of  sales  in  2016.

Global  HCV  sales  decreased  16%  in  2017  and  6%  in  2016.  The  sales  decrease  in  2017  and  2016  was  a

result  of  market  contraction,  lower  market  share  and  price  erosion  of  VIEKIRA.  These  factors  were  partially

offset  for  2017  by  the  launch  of  MAVYRET  in  certain  geographies  during  the  second  half  of  2017.

Net  revenues  for  Creon  increased  14%  in  2017  and  15%  in  2016,  driven  primarily  by  continued  market

growth  and  higher  market  share.  Creon  maintains  market  leadership  in  the  pancreatic  enzyme  market.

Global  Kaletra  net  revenues  decreased  25%  in  2017  and  17%  in  2016,  primarily  due  to  lower  market

share  resulting  from  the  impact  of  increasing  competition  in  the  HIV  marketplace.  AbbVie  expects  net

revenues  for  Kaletra  to  continue  to  decline  in  2018.

Net  revenues  for  Duodopa  increased  20%  in  2017  and  28%  in  2016,  primarily  as  a  result  of  market

penetration  and  geographic  expansion.

Gross  Margin

Percent

change

years  ended  December  31  (dollars  in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

Gross  margin

$21,176

$19,805

$18,359

7%

8%

as  a  percent  of  net  revenues

75%

77%

80%

Gross  margin  as  a  percentage  of  net  revenues  in  2017  decreased  from  2016  primarily  due  to  an

intangible  asset  impairment  charge  of  $354  million  in  2017,  as  well  as  the  unfavorable  impacts  of  higher

intangible  asset  amortization  and  the  IMBRUVICA  profit  sharing  arrangement.  These  drivers  were  partially

offset  by  lower  amortization  of  the  fair  market  value  step-up  of  acquisition-date  inventory  of  Pharmacyclics

as  well  as  favorable  changes  in  product  mix  and  operational  efficiencies.

Gross  margin  as  a  percentage  of  net  revenues  in  2016  decreased  from  2015  primarily  due  to

unfavorable  foreign  exchange  rates  as  well  as  unfavorable  impacts  of  higher  intangible  asset  amortization,

the  IMBRUVICA  profit  sharing  arrangement  and  higher  amortization  of  the  fair  market  value  step-up  of

acquisition-date  inventory  of  Pharmacyclics.  Additionally,  2016  gross  margin  included  an  intangible  asset

impairment  charge  of  $39  million  and  2015  gross  margin  included  milestone  revenue  of  $40  million  from  an

39

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

39

oncology  collaboration  partner.  These  drivers  were  partially  offset  by  favorable  changes  in  product  mix  and

operational  efficiencies.

Selling,  General  and  Administrative

Percent

change

years  ended  December  31  (dollars  in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

Selling,  general  and  administrative

$6,275

$5,855

$6,387

7%

(8)%

as  a  percent  of  net  revenues

22%

23%

28%

SG&A  expenses  as  a  percentage  of  net  revenues  in  2017  decreased  from  2016  due  to  continued

leverage  from  revenue  growth  partially  offset  by  litigation  reserve  charges  of  $370  million  in  2017  and  new

product  launch  expenses.

SG&A  expenses  as  a  percentage  of  net  revenues  in  2016  decreased  from  2015  due  to  continued

leverage  from  revenue  growth  and  lower  costs  in  2016.  SG&A  expenses  in  2015  included  costs  associated

with  the  separation  from  Abbott  of  $265  million,  Pharmacyclics  acquisition  and  integration  costs  of

$294  million  and  litigation  reserve  charges  of  $165  million.  Additionally,  SG&A  expense  in  2015  reflected

marketing  support  for  the  global  launch  of  VIEKIRA.

Research  and  Development  and  Acquired  In-Process  Research  and  Development

years  ended  December  31  (dollars  in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

Research  and  development

as  a  percent  of  net  revenues

$4,982

$4,366

$4,285

14%

2%

18%

17%

19%

Acquired  in-process  research  and  development

$ 327

$ 200

$ 150

64% 33%

Percent

change

Research  and  Development  (R&D)  expenses  in  2017  increased  from  2016  principally  due  to  increased

funding  to  support  the  company’s  emerging  mid-  and  late-stage  pipeline  assets,  the  impact  of  the

post-acquisition  R&D  expenses  of  Stemcentrx  and  Boehringer  Ingelheim  (BI)  compounds  and  an  increase  in

development  milestones  of  $63  million.  These  factors  were  partially  offset  by  a  decrease  in  acquisition

related  costs  of  $135  million.

R&D  expenses  in  2016  increased  from  2015  due  primarily  to  increased  funding  to  support  the

company’s  emerging  mid-and  late-stage  pipeline  assets.  This  increase  was  partially  offset  by  the  following

factors:  (i)  2015  R&D  expenses  included  a  $350  million  charge  related  to  the  purchase  of  a  priority  review

voucher  from  a  third  party;  (ii)  development  milestones  decreased  by  $53  million;  and  (iii)  2015  results

included  restructuring  charges  of  $32  million.

Acquired  in-process  research  and  development  (IPR&D)  expenses  reflect  upfront  payments  related  to

various  collaborations.  Acquired  IPR&D  expense  in  2017  included  a  charge  of  $205  million  as  a  result  of

entering  into  a  global  strategic  collaboration  with  Alector,  Inc.  (Alector)  to  develop  and  commercialize

medicines  to  treat  Alzheimer’s  disease  and  other  neurodegenerative  disorders.  There  were  no  individually

significant  transactions  or  cash  flows  during  2016.  Acquired  IPR&D  expense  in  2015  included  a  charge  of

$100  million  as  a  result  of  entering  into  an  exclusive  worldwide  license  agreement  with  C2N  Diagnostics

(C2N)  to  develop  and  commercialize  anti-tau  antibodies  for  the  treatment  of  Alzheimer’s  disease  and  other

neurological  disorders.  See  Note  5  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information

regarding  the  Alector  and  C2N  agreements.

40

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

40

Other  Non-Operating  Expenses

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Interest  expense

Interest  income

Interest  expense,  net

Net  foreign  exchange  loss

Other  expense,  net

$1,150

$1,047

$719

(146)

(82)

(33)

$1,004

$ 965

$686

$ 348

$ 303

$193

513

232

13

Interest  expense  in  2017  increased  compared  to  2016  due  to  a  full  year  of  expense  associated  with

the  May  2016  issuance  of  $7.8  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  senior  notes  which  were  issued

primarily  to  finance  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx  and  to  repay  an  outstanding  term  loan.

Interest  expense  in  2016  increased  compared  to  2015  due  to  a  full  year  of  expense  associated  with

the  May  2015  issuance  of  $16.7  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  senior  notes  which  were  issued

primarily  to  finance  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  in  addition  to  the  incremental  expense  associated  with

the  May  2016  senior  notes  issuance  discussed  above.  Interest  expense  in  2016  also  included  a  debt

extinguishment  charge  of  $39  million  related  to  the  redemption  of  the  1.75%  senior  notes  that  were  due  to

mature  in  November  2017.  These  increases  were  partially  offset  by  the  absence  of  bridge  financing-related

costs  of  $86  million  in  2015  incurred  in  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics.  Interest  income

continued  to  increase  in  both  2017  and  2016  due  to  growth  in  the  company’s  investment  securities.

Net  foreign  exchange  loss  in  2017  included  $316  million  of  historical  currency  translation  losses  that

were  reclassified  from  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (AOCI)  related  to  the  liquidation  of  certain

foreign  entities  following  the  enactment  of  U.S.  tax  reform.  Net  foreign  exchange  loss  in  2016  included

losses  totaling  $298  million  related  to  the  devaluation  of  AbbVie’s  net  monetary  assets  denominated  in  the

Venezuelan  bolivar.  See  Note  10  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information

regarding  the  Venezuelan  devaluation.  Net  foreign  exchange  loss  in  2015  included  losses  of  $170  million  to

complete  the  liquidation  of  the  company’s  remaining  foreign  currency  positions  related  to  the  terminated

proposed  combination  with  Shire.

Other  expense,  net  included  charges  related  to  the  change  in  fair  value  of  the  BI  and  Stemcentrx

contingent  consideration  liabilities  of  $626  million  in  2017  and  $228  million  in  2016.  The  fair  value  of

contingent  consideration  liabilities  is  impacted  by  the  passage  of  time  and  multiple  other  inputs,  including

the  probability  of  success  of  achieving  regulatory/  commercial  milestones,  discount  rates,  the  estimated

amount  of  future  sales  of  the  acquired  products  still  in  development  and  other  market-based  factors.  In

2017,  the  change  in  fair  value  represented  mainly  higher  probabilities  of  success,  the  passage  of  time  and

declining  interest  rates.  In  2016,  the  change  in  fair  value  represented  mainly  the  passage  of  time,  as

increases  to  the  BI  contingent  consideration  liability  due  to  higher  probabilities  of  success  were  fully  offset

by  the  effects  of  rising  interest  rates  and  changes  in  other  market-based  assumptions.  See  Note  5  to  the

Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  the  acquisitions  of  Stemcentrx  and  BI

compounds.  Other  expense,  net  for  2017  also  included  realized  gains  on  available-for-sale  investment

securities  of  $90  million.  Other  expense,  net  for  2015  included  impairment  charges  totaling  $36  million

related  to  certain  of  the  company’s  equity  investment  securities.

Income  Tax  Expense

The  effective  income  tax  rate  was  31%  in  2017,  24%  in  2016  and  23%  in  2015.  The  effective  tax  rate  in

each  period  differed  from  the  statutory  tax  rate  principally  due  to  the  benefit  from  foreign  operations

which  reflects  the  impact  of  lower  income  tax  rates  in  locations  outside  the  United  States,  tax  incentives  in

Puerto  Rico  and  other  foreign  tax  jurisdictions  and  business  development  activities.  The  increase  in  the

effective  tax  rate  for  2017  over  the  prior  year  was  principally  due  to  the  estimated  tax  effects  of  the

41

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

41

enactment  of  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act  (the  ‘‘Act’’)  in  2017.  The  effective  tax  rate  in  2017  included  tax

expense  of  $4.5  billion  on  the  one-time  mandatory  repatriation  of  previously  untaxed  earnings  of  foreign

subsidiaries,  partially  offset  by  a  $3.6  billion  net  tax  benefit  for  the  remeasurement  of  deferred  taxes

related  to  the  Act  and  foreign  tax  law  changes.

The  Act  significantly  changed  the  U.S.  corporate  tax  system.  The  Act  reduces  the  U.S.  federal  corporate

tax  rate  from  35%  to  21%  and  creates  a  territorial  tax  system  that  includes  new  taxes  on  certain  foreign

sourced  earnings.  As  a  result,  the  effective  income  tax  rate  may  change  significantly  in  future  periods.  See

Note  13  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  the  Act.

The  effective  tax  rate  in  2016  included  additional  expense  of  $187  million  related  to  the  recognition  of

the  tax  effect  of  regulations  issued  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  on  December  7,  2016  that  changed  the

determination  of  the  U.S.  taxability  of  foreign  currency  gains  and  losses  related  to  certain  foreign

operations.  The  effective  income  tax  rate  in  2015  included  a  tax  benefit  of  $103  million  from  a  reduction  of

state  valuation  allowances.

FINANCIAL  POSITION,  LIQUIDITY  AND  CAPITAL  RESOURCES

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Cash  flows  from:

Operating  activities

Investing  activities

Financing  activities

$ 9,960

$ 7,041

$ 7,535

(274)

(6,074)

(12,936)

(5,512)

(3,928)

5,752

Operating  cash  flows  in  2017  increased  from  2016  primarily  due  to  improved  results  of  operations

resulting  from  revenue  growth,  an  improvement  in  operating  earnings  and  a  decrease  in  income  tax

payments.  Operating  cash  flows  in  2016  decreased  from  2015  primarily  due  to  improved  results  of

operations  resulting  from  revenue  growth  and  an  improvement  in  operating  margin,  offset  by  income  tax

payments.  Realized  excess  tax  benefits  associated  with  stock-based  compensation  totaled  $71  million  in

2017  and  were  presented  within  operating  cash  flows  as  a  result  of  the  adoption  of  a  new  accounting

pronouncement.  Prior  to  the  adoption  of  the  new  accounting  pronouncement,  realized  excess  benefits  of

$55  million  in  2016  and  $61  million  in  2015  were  presented  within  cash  flows  from  financing  activities.  See

Note  2  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  the  adoption  of  this

new  accounting  pronouncement.  Operating  cash  flows  also  reflected  AbbVie’s  voluntary  contributions,

primarily  to  its  principal  domestic  defined  benefit  plan  of  $150  million  in  2017,  2016  and  2015.  In  2018,

AbbVie  plans  to  make  voluntary  contributions  to  its  various  defined  benefit  plans  in  excess  of  $750  million.

Investing  cash  flows  in  2017  included  capital  expenditures  of  $529  million  and  payments  made  for

other  acquisitions  and  investments  of  $308  million,  partially  offset  by  net  sales  and  maturities  of

investment  securities  totaling  $563  million.  Investing  cash  flows  in  2016  primarily  included  $1.9  billion  of

cash  consideration  paid  to  acquire  Stemcentrx  in  June  2016,  a  $595  million  upfront  payment  to  acquire

certain  rights  from  BI  in  April  2016,  net  purchases  of  investment  securities  totaling  $3.0  billion  and  capital

expenditures  of  $479  million.  Investing  activities  in  2015  primarily  included  $11.5  billion  of  cash

consideration  paid  to  acquire  Pharmacyclics  in  May  2015  (net  of  cash  acquired  of  $877  million).  Investing

activities  in  2015  also  included  cash  outflows  related  to  other  acquisitions  and  investments  of  $964  million,

including  a  $500  million  payment  to  Calico,  $100  million  related  to  an  exclusive  worldwide  license

agreement  with  C2N  to  develop  and  commercialize  anti-tau  antibodies  for  the  treatment  of  Alzheimer’s

disease  and  other  neurological  disorders  and  $130  million  paid  to  Infinity  due  to  the  achievement  of  a

development  milestone  under  the  collaboration  agreement.  Cash  flows  from  investing  activities  in  2015  also

included  capital  expenditures  of  $532  million.

In  2017,  2016  and  2015,  the  company  issued  and  redeemed  commercial  paper.  The  balance  of

commercial  paper  outstanding  was  $400  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  $377  million  as  of

42

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

42

December  31,  2016.  AbbVie  may  issue  additional  commercial  paper  or  retire  commercial  paper  to  meet

liquidity  requirements  as  needed.

In  November  2016,  the  company  issued  e3.6  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior

Euro  notes.  The  company  used  the  proceeds  to  redeem  $4.0  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  1.75%

senior  notes  that  were  due  to  mature  in  November  2017.  In  connection  with  the  offering,  AbbVie  incurred

$17  million  of  issuance  costs.  In  May  2016,  the  company  issued  $7.8  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of

senior  notes.  Approximately  $2.0  billion  of  the  net  proceeds  were  used  to  repay  an  outstanding  term  loan

that  was  due  to  mature  in  November  2016,  approximately  $1.9  billion  of  the  net  proceeds  were  used  to

finance  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx  and  approximately  $3.8  billion  of  the  net  proceeds  were  used  to

finance  an  ASR.  See  Note  12  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  on  the

ASR  transactions.  In  connection  with  the  May  2016  issuance  of  senior  notes,  AbbVie  incurred  $52  million  of

issuance  costs.

In  May  2015,  the  company  issued  $16.7  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior  notes.

Approximately  $11.5  billion  of  the  net  proceeds  were  used  to  finance  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  and

$5.0  billion  of  the  net  proceeds  were  used  to  finance  an  ASR.  In  2015,  the  company  paid  $86  million  of

costs  relating  to  an  $18.0  billion,  364-Day  Bridge  Term  Loan  Credit  Agreement  (the  bridge  loan)  as  well  as

$93  million  of  costs  relating  to  the  May  2015  issuance  of  senior  notes.  No  amounts  were  drawn  under  the

bridge  loan,  which  was  terminated  as  a  result  of  the  issuance  of  the  senior  notes.  In  September  2015,

AbbVie  entered  into  a  three-year  $2.0  billion  term  loan  credit  facility  and  a  364-day  $2.0  billion  term  loan

credit  facility.  In  November  2015,  AbbVie  drew  on  these  term  facilities  and  used  the  proceeds  to  refinance

its  $4.0  billion  of  senior  notes  that  matured  in  2015.

Cash  dividend  payments  totaled  $4.1  billion  in  2017,  $3.7  billion  in  2016  and  $3.3  billion  in  2015.  The

increase  in  cash  dividend  payments  was  primarily  due  to  an  increase  in  the  dividend  rate.  On  October  27,

2017,  AbbVie  announced  that  its  board  of  directors  declared  an  increase  in  the  company’s  quarterly  cash

dividend  from  $0.64  per  share  to  $0.71  per  share  beginning  with  the  dividend  payable  on  February  15,

2018  to  stockholders  of  record  as  of  January  12,  2018.  This  reflects  an  increase  of  approximately  11%  over

the  previous  quarterly  rate.  On  February  15,  2018,  AbbVie  announced  that  its  board  of  directors  declared

an  increase  in  the  company’s  quarterly  cash  dividend  from  $0.71  per  share  to  $0.96  per  share  beginning

with  the  dividend  payable  on  May  15,  2018  to  stockholders  of  record  as  of  April  13,  2018.  The  timing,

declaration,  amount  of  and  payment  of  any  dividends  by  AbbVie  in  the  future  is  within  the  discretion  of  its

board  of  directors  and  will  depend  upon  many  factors,  including  AbbVie’s  financial  condition,  earnings,

capital  requirements  of  its  operating  subsidiaries,  covenants  associated  with  certain  of  AbbVie’s  debt  service

obligations,  legal  requirements,  regulatory  constraints,  industry  practice,  ability  to  access  capital  markets

and  other  factors  deemed  relevant  by  its  board  of  directors.

In  addition  to  the  ASRs,  under  AbbVie’s  existing  stock  repurchase  program,  the  company  repurchased

approximately  13  million  shares  for  $1.0  billion  in  2017,  approximately  34  million  shares  for  $2.1  billion  in

2016  and  approximately  46  million  shares  for  $2.8  billion  in  2015  .  AbbVie  cash-settled  $285  million  of  its

December  2016  open  market  purchases  in  January  2017  and  cash-settled  $300  million  of  its  December

2015  open  market  purchases  in  January  2016.  The  stock  repurchase  authorization  permits  purchases  of

AbbVie  shares  from  time  to  time  in  open-market  or  private  transactions  at  management’s  discretion.  The

program  has  no  time  limit  and  can  be  discontinued  at  any  time.  AbbVie’s  remaining  stock  repurchase

authorization  was  $4.0  billion  as  of  December  31,  2017.  On  February  15,  2018,  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors

authorized  a  new  $10.0  billion  stock  repurchase  program,  which  superseded  AbbVie’s  previous  stock

repurchase  program.  The  new  stock  repurchase  program  permits  purchases  of  AbbVie  shares  from  time  to

time  in  open-market  or  private  transactions,  including  accelerated  share  repurchases,  at  management’s

discretion.  The  program  has  no  time  limit  and  can  be  discontinued  at  any  time.

43

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

43

In  2017,  AbbVie  paid  $305  million  of  contingent  consideration  to  BI  related  to  a  Phase  3  enrollment

milestone.  $268  million  of  this  milestone  was  included  in  financing  cash  flows  and  $37  million  was  included

in  operating  cash  flows.

Cash  and  equivalents  were  impacted  by  net  favorable  exchange  rate  changes  totaling  $29  million  in

2017,  net  unfavorable  exchange  rate  changes  totaling  $338  million  in  2016  and  $300  million  in  2015.  The

favorable  exchange  rate  changes  in  2017  were  primarily  due  to  the  strengthening  of  the  Euro  and  other

foreign  currencies  on  the  translation  of  the  company’s  Euro-denominated  assets  and  cash  denominated  in

foreign  currencies.  The  unfavorable  exchange  rate  changes  in  2016  were  primarily  due  to  the  devaluation  of

AbbVie’s  net  monetary  assets  denominated  in  the  Venezuelan  bolivar.  The  unfavorable  exchange  rate

changes  in  2015  were  principally  due  to  the  weakening  of  the  Euro  and  other  foreign  currencies  on  the

translation  of  the  company’s  Euro-denominated  assets  and  cash  denominated  in  foreign  currencies.

Prior  to  the  enactment  of  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act  in  December  2017,  a  significant  portion  of  cash

and  equivalents  were  considered  reinvested  indefinitely  in  foreign  subsidiaries.  The  enactment  of  U.S.  tax

reform  significantly  changed  the  U.S.  corporate  tax  system,  including  imposing  a  mandatory  one-time

transition  tax  on  previously  untaxed  earnings  of  foreign  subsidiaries  and  the  creation  of  a  territorial  tax

system  that  generally  allows  the  repatriation  of  future  foreign  sourced  earnings  without  incurring  additional

U.S.  taxes.  The  company  has  not  fully  completed  its  analysis  and  calculation  of  foreign  earnings  subject  to

the  transition  tax.  The  provisional  estimate  of  the  one-time  transition  tax  was  $4.5  billion  and  is  generally

payable  in  eight  annual  installments.  AbbVie  does  not  expect  the  transition  tax  liability  to  materially  affect

its  liquidity  and  capital  resources.

Credit  Risk

AbbVie  monitors  economic  conditions,  the  creditworthiness  of  customers  and  government  regulations

and  funding,  both  domestically  and  abroad.  AbbVie  regularly  communicates  with  its  customers  regarding

the  status  of  receivable  balances,  including  their  payment  plans  and  obtains  positive  confirmation  of  the

validity  of  the  receivables.  AbbVie  establishes  an  allowance  against  accounts  receivable  when  it  is  probable

they  will  not  be  collected.  AbbVie  may  also  utilize  factoring  arrangements  to  mitigate  credit  risk,  although

the  receivables  included  in  such  arrangements  have  historically  not  been  a  significant  amount  of  total

outstanding  receivables.

AbbVie  continues  to  do  business  with  foreign  governments  in  certain  countries,  including  Greece,

Portugal,  Italy  and  Spain,  which  have  historically  experienced  challenges  in  credit  and  economic  conditions.

Substantially  all  of  AbbVie’s  trade  receivables  in  Greece,  Portugal,  Italy  and  Spain  are  with  government

health  systems.  Outstanding  governmental  receivables  in  these  countries,  net  of  allowances  for  doubtful

accounts,  totaled  $255  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  $244  million  at  December  31,  2016.  The

company  also  continues  to  do  business  with  foreign  governments  in  certain  oil-exporting  countries  that

have  experienced  a  deterioration  in  economic  conditions,  including  Saudi  Arabia  and  Russia,  which  may

result  in  delays  in  the  collection  of  receivables.  Outstanding  governmental  receivables  related  to  Saudi

Arabia,  net  of  allowances  for  doubtful  accounts,  were  $149  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and

$122  million  as  of  December  31,  2016.  Outstanding  governmental  receivables  related  to  Russia,  net  of

allowances  for  doubtful  accounts,  were  $152  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  $110  million  as  of

December  31,  2016.  Global  economic  conditions  and  customer-specific  factors  may  require  the  company  to

periodically  re-evaluate  the  collectability  of  its  receivables  and  the  company  could  potentially  incur  credit

losses.

Currently,  AbbVie  does  not  believe  the  economic  conditions  in  oil-exporting  countries  will  have  a

significant  impact  on  the  company’s  liquidity,  cash  flow  or  financial  flexibility.  However,  if  government

funding  were  to  become  unavailable  in  these  countries  or  if  significant  adverse  changes  in  their

reimbursement  practices  were  to  occur,  AbbVie  may  not  be  able  to  collect  the  entire  balance  outstanding

as  of  December  31,  2017.

44

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

44

Credit  Facility,  Access  to  Capital  and  Credit  Ratings

Credit  Facility

AbbVie  currently  has  a  $3.0  billion  five-year  revolving  credit  facility  which  matures  in  October  2019.

The  revolving  credit  facility  enables  the  company  to  borrow  funds  on  an  unsecured  basis  at  variable  interest

rates  and  contains  various  covenants.  At  December  31,  2017,  the  company  was  in  compliance  with  all  its

credit  facility  covenants.  Commitment  fees  under  the  credit  facility  were  insignificant.  There  were  no

amounts  outstanding  under  the  credit  facility  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  2016.

Access  to  Capital

The  company  intends  to  fund  short-term  and  long-term  financial  obligations  as  they  mature  through

cash  on  hand,  future  cash  flows  from  operations,  or  by  issuing  additional  debt.  The  company’s  ability  to

generate  cash  flows  from  operations,  issue  debt  or  enter  into  financing  arrangements  on  acceptable  terms

could  be  adversely  affected  if  there  is  a  material  decline  in  the  demand  for  the  company’s  products  or  in

the  solvency  of  its  customers  or  suppliers,  deterioration  in  the  company’s  key  financial  ratios  or  credit

ratings,  or  other  material  unfavorable  changes  in  business  conditions.  At  the  current  time,  the  company

believes  it  has  sufficient  financial  flexibility  to  issue  debt,  enter  into  other  financing  arrangements  and

attract  long-term  capital  on  acceptable  terms  to  support  the  company’s  growth  objectives.

Credit  Ratings

There  were  no  changes  in  the  company’s  credit  ratings  in  2017.  Unfavorable  changes  to  the  ratings

may  have  an  adverse  impact  on  future  financing  arrangements;  however,  they  would  not  affect  the

company’s  ability  to  draw  on  its  credit  facility  and  would  not  result  in  an  acceleration  of  scheduled

maturities  of  any  of  the  company’s  outstanding  debt.

Contractual  Obligations

The  following  table  summarizes  AbbVie’s  estimated  contractual  obligations  as  of  December  31,  2017:

(in  millions)

Less  than

One  to

Three  to More  than

Total

one  year

three  years

five  years

five  years

Short-term  borrowings

$

400

$ 400

$ —

$ — $

—

Long-term  debt  and  capital  lease  obligations,

including  current  portion

Interest  on  long-term  debt

(a)

37,612

6,026

15,617

1,154

5,469

2,250

5,938

20,179

2,080

10,133

Future  minimum  non-cancelable  operating  lease

commitments

Purchase  obligations  and  other

(b)

Other  long-term  liabilities

(c)(d)(e)(f)

957

1,135

143

972

235

115

151

46

428

2

10,605

1,135

1,610

1,331

6,529

Total

$66,326

$9,830

$9,679

$9,546

$37,271

(a)

Includes  estimated  future  interest  payments  on  long-term  debt  and  capital  lease  obligations.  Interest

payments  on  debt  are  calculated  for  future  periods  using  forecasted  interest  rates  in  effect  at  the  end

of  2017.  Projected  interest  payments  include  the  related  effects  of  interest  rate  swap  agreements.

Certain  of  these  projected  interest  payments  may  differ  in  the  future  based  on  changes  in  floating

interest  rates  or  other  factors  or  events.  The  projected  interest  payments  only  pertain  to  obligations

and  agreements  outstanding  at  December  31,  2017.  See  Note  9  to  the  Consolidated  Financial

Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  the  company’s  debt  instruments  and  Note  10  for

additional  information  on  the  interest  rate  swap  agreements  outstanding  at  December  31,  2017.

45

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

45

(b)

Includes  the  company’s  significant  unconditional  purchase  obligations.  These  commitments  do  not

exceed  the  company’s  projected  requirements  and  are  made  in  the  normal  course  of  business.

(c) Amounts  less  than  one  year  includes  voluntary  contributions  in  excess  of  $750  million  that  AbbVie

plans  to  make  to  its  various  defined  benefit  plans  subsequent  to  December  31,  2017.  Amounts

otherwise  exclude  pension  and  other  post-employment  benefits  and  related  deferred  compensation

cash  outflows.  Timing  of  funding  is  uncertain  and  dependent  on  future  movements  in  interest  rates

and  investment  returns,  changes  in  laws  and  regulations  and  other  variables.  Also  included  in  this

amount  are  components  of  other  long-term  liabilities  including  restructuring.  See  Note  8  to  the

Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  on  restructuring  and  Note  11  for

additional  information  on  the  pension  and  other  post-employment  benefit  plans.

(d) Excludes  liabilities  associated  with  the  company’s  unrecognized  tax  benefits  as  it  is  not  possible  to

reliably  estimate  the  timing  of  the  future  cash  outflows  related  to  these  liabilities.  See  Note  13  to  the

Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  on  these  unrecognized  tax  benefits.

(e)

Includes  $4.5  billion  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities  related  to  the  acquisitions  of  Stemcentrx  and

BI  compounds  which  are  recorded  at  fair  value  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheet.  Potential  contingent

consideration  payments  that  exceed  the  fair  value  recorded  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  are  not

included  in  the  table  of  contractual  obligations.  See  Notes  5  and  10  to  the  Consolidated  Financial

Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  these  liabilities.

(f)

Includes  a  one-time  transition  tax  liability  on  a  mandatory  deemed  repatriation  of  previously  untaxed

earnings  of  foreign  subsidiaries  resulting  from  U.S.  tax  reform,  enacted  in  2017.  The  one-time

transition  tax  is  generally  payable  in  eight  annual  installments.  See  Note  13  to  the  Consolidated

Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  the  provisional  estimates  of  these  tax

liabilities.

AbbVie  enters  into  R&D  collaboration  arrangements  with  third  parties  that  may  require  future

milestone  payments  to  third  parties  contingent  upon  the  achievement  of  certain  development,  regulatory,

or  commercial  milestones.  Individually,  these  arrangements  are  insignificant  in  any  one  annual  reporting

period.  However,  if  milestones  for  multiple  products  covered  by  these  arrangements  would  happen  to  be

reached  in  the  same  reporting  period,  the  aggregate  charge  to  expense  could  be  material  to  the  results  of

operations  in  that  period.  From  a  business  perspective,  the  payments  are  viewed  as  positive  because  they

signify  that  the  product  is  successfully  moving  through  development  and  is  now  generating  or  is  more  likely

to  generate  future  cash  flows  from  product  sales.  It  is  not  possible  to  predict  with  reasonable  certainty

whether  these  milestones  will  be  achieved  or  the  timing  for  achievement.  As  a  result,  these  potential

payments  are  not  included  in  the  table  of  contractual  obligations.  See  Note  5  to  the  Consolidated  Financial

Statements  for  additional  information  on  these  collaboration  arrangements.

CRITICAL  ACCOUNTING  POLICIES  AND  ESTIMATES

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  in

the  United  States  requires  the  use  of  estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  assets

and  liabilities  and  the  reported  amounts  of  revenue  and  expenses.  A  summary  of  the  company’s  significant

accounting  policies  is  included  in  Note  2  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  Certain  of  these  policies

are  considered  critical  as  these  most  significantly  impact  the  company’s  financial  condition  and  results  of

operations  and  require  the  most  difficult,  subjective,  or  complex  judgments,  often  as  a  result  of  the  need

to  make  estimates  about  the  effect  of  matters  that  are  inherently  uncertain.  Actual  results  may  vary  from

these  estimates.

46

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

46

Revenue  Recognition

AbbVie  recognizes  revenue  when  persuasive  evidence  of  an  arrangement  exists,  delivery  has  occurred,

the  sales  price  is  fixed  or  determinable  and  collectability  of  the  sales  price  is  reasonably  assured.  Revenue

from  product  sales  is  recognized  when  title  and  risk  of  loss  have  passed  to  the  customer.

Rebates

AbbVie  provides  rebates  to  pharmacy  benefit  managers,  state  government  Medicaid  programs,

insurance  companies  that  administer  Medicare  drug  plans,  wholesalers,  group  purchasing  organizations  and

other  government  agencies  and  private  entities.

Rebate  and  chargeback  accruals  are  recorded  as  a  reduction  to  revenue  in  the  period  the  related

product  is  sold.  Rebates  and  chargebacks  totaled  $12.9  billion  in  2017,  $10.8  billion  in  2016  and  $8.6  billion

in  2015.  Rebate  amounts  are  typically  based  upon  the  volume  of  purchases  using  contractual  or  statutory

prices,  which  may  vary  by  product  and  by  payer.  For  each  type  of  rebate,  the  factors  used  in  the

calculations  of  the  accrual  for  that  rebate  include  the  identification  of  the  products  subject  to  the  rebate,

the  applicable  price  terms  and  the  estimated  lag  time  between  sale  and  payment  of  the  rebate,  which  can

be  significant.

In  order  to  establish  its  rebate  and  chargeback  accruals,  the  company  uses  both  internal  and  external

data  to  estimate  the  level  of  inventory  in  the  distribution  channel  and  the  rebate  claims  processing  lag  time

for  each  type  of  rebate.  To  estimate  the  rebate  percentage  or  net  price,  the  company  tracks  sales  by

product  and  by  customer  or  payer.  The  company  evaluates  inventory  data  reported  by  wholesalers,  available

prescription  volume  information,  product  pricing,  historical  experience  and  other  factors  in  order  to

determine  the  adequacy  of  its  reserves.  AbbVie  regularly  monitors  its  reserves  and  records  adjustments

when  rebate  trends,  rebate  programs  and  contract  terms,  legislative  changes,  or  other  significant  events

indicate  that  a  change  in  the  reserve  is  appropriate.  Historically,  adjustments  to  rebate  accruals  have  not

been  material  to  net  earnings.

The  following  table  is  an  analysis  of  the  three  largest  rebate  accruals  and  chargeback  allowances,

which  comprise  approximately  92%  of  the  total  consolidated  rebate  and  chargebacks  recorded  as  reductions

to  revenues  in  2017.  Remaining  rebate  provisions  charged  against  gross  revenues  are  not  significant  in  the

determination  of  operating  earnings.

(in  millions)

Balance  at  December  31,  2014

Provisions

Payments

Balance  at  December  31,  2015

Provisions

Payments

Balance  at  December  31,  2016

Provisions

Payments

Medicaid

and

Managed

Medicare

Care

Wholesaler

Rebates

Rebates

Chargebacks

$

712

$

476

$

253

1,716

2,215

3,866

(1,396)

(1,771)

(3,756)

1,032

920

363

2,606

3,146

3,987

(2,471)

(2,899)

(3,967)

1,167

1,167

383

2,909

3,990

5,026

(2,736)

(3,962)

(4,887)

Balance  at  December  31,  2017

$ 1,340

$ 1,195

$

522

47

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

47

Cash  Discounts  and  Product  Returns

Cash  discounts  and  product  returns,  which  totaled  $1.3  billion  in  2017,  $964  million  in  2016  and

$898  million  in  2015,  are  recorded  as  a  reduction  to  revenue  in  the  same  period  the  related  product  is

sold.  The  reserve  for  cash  discounts  is  readily  determinable  because  the  company’s  experience  of  payment

history  is  fairly  consistent.  Product  returns  can  be  reliably  estimated  based  on  the  company’s  historical

return  experience.

Pension  and  Other  Post-Employment  Benefits

AbbVie  engages  outside  actuaries  to  assist  in  the  determination  of  the  obligations  and  costs  under  the

pension  and  other  post-employment  benefit  plans  that  are  direct  obligations  of  AbbVie.  The  valuation  of

the  funded  status  and  the  net  periodic  benefit  cost  for  these  plans  are  calculated  using  actuarial

assumptions.  The  significant  assumptions,  which  are  reviewed  annually,  include  the  discount  rate,  the

expected  long-term  rate  of  return  on  plan  assets  and  the  health  care  cost  trend  rates.  The  significant

assumptions  used  in  determining  these  calculations  are  disclosed  in  Note  11  to  the  Consolidated  Financial

Statements.

The  discount  rate  is  selected  based  on  current  market  rates  on  high-quality,  fixed-income  investments

at  December  31  each  year.  AbbVie  employs  a  yield-curve  approach  for  countries  where  a  robust  bond

market  exists.  The  yield  curve  is  developed  using  high-quality  bonds.  The  yield  curve  approach  reflects  the

plans’  specific  cash  flows  (i.e.  duration)  in  calculating  the  benefit  obligations  by  applying  the  corresponding

individual  spot  rates  along  the  yield  curve.  Beginning  in  2016,  AbbVie  also  reflected  the  plans’  specific  cash

flows  and  applied  them  to  the  corresponding  individual  spot  rates  along  the  yield  curve  in  calculating  the

service  cost  and  interest  cost  portions  of  expense.  For  other  countries,  AbbVie  reviews  various  indices  such

as  corporate  bond  and  government  bond  benchmarks  to  estimate  the  discount  rate.  AbbVie’s  assumed

discount  rates  have  a  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  reported  for  defined  benefit  pension  and  other

post-employment  plans  as  of  December  31,  2017.  A  50  basis  point  change  in  the  assumed  discount  rate

would  have  had  the  following  effects  on  AbbVie’s  calculation  of  net  periodic  benefit  costs  in  2018  and

projected  benefit  obligations  as  of  December  31,  2017:

(in  millions)  (brackets  denote  a  reduction)

Defined  benefit  plans

Service  and  interest  cost

Projected  benefit  obligation

Other  post-employment  plans

Service  and  interest  cost

Projected  benefit  obligation

50  basis  point

Increase

Decrease

$ (64)

$ 72

(572)

652

$

(9)

$ 11

(77)

89

Effective  December  31,  2015,  AbbVie  elected  to  change  the  method  it  uses  to  estimate  the  service  and

interest  cost  components  of  net  periodic  benefit  costs.  Historically,  AbbVie  estimated  these  service  and

interest  cost  components  of  this  expense  utilizing  a  single  weighted-average  discount  rate  derived  from  the

yield  curve  used  to  measure  the  benefit  obligation  at  the  beginning  of  the  period.  In  late  2015,  AbbVie

elected  to  utilize  a  full  yield  curve  approach  in  the  estimation  of  these  components  by  applying  the  specific

spot  rates  along  the  yield  curve  used  in  the  determination  of  the  benefit  obligation  to  the  relevant

projected  cash  flows.  AbbVie  elected  to  make  this  change  to  provide  a  more  precise  measurement  of

service  and  interest  costs  by  improving  the  correlation  between  projected  benefit  cash  flows  to  the

corresponding  spot  yield  curve  rates.  AbbVie  accounted  for  this  change  prospectively  as  a  change  in

accounting  estimate  that  is  inseparable  from  a  change  in  accounting  principle.  This  change  reduced  AbbVie’s

net  periodic  benefit  cost  by  approximately  $41  million  in  2016.  This  change  had  no  effect  on  the  2015

expense  and  did  not  affect  the  measurement  of  AbbVie’s  total  benefit  obligations.

48

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

48

The  expected  long-term  rate  of  return  is  based  on  the  asset  allocation,  historical  performance  and  the

current  view  of  expected  future  returns.  AbbVie  considers  these  inputs  with  a  long-term  focus  to  avoid

short-term  market  influences.  The  current  long-term  rate  of  return  on  plan  assets  for  each  plan  is

supported  by  the  historical  performance  of  the  trust’s  actual  and  target  asset  allocation.  AbbVie’s  assumed

expected  long-term  rate  of  return  has  a  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  reported  for  defined  benefit

pension  plans  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  will  be  used  in  the  calculation  of  net  periodic  benefit  cost  in

2018.  A  one  percentage  point  change  in  assumed  expected  long-term  rate  of  return  on  plan  assets  would

increase  or  decrease  the  net  period  benefit  cost  of  these  plans  in  2018  by  $54  million.

The  health  care  cost  trend  rate  is  selected  by  reviewing  historical  trends  and  current  views  on

projected  future  health  care  cost  increases.  The  current  health  care  cost  trend  rate  is  supported  by  the

historical  trend  experience  of  each  plan.  Assumed  health  care  cost  trend  rates  have  a  significant  effect  on

the  amounts  reported  for  health  care  plans  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  will  be  used  in  the  calculation  of

net  periodic  benefit  cost  in  2018.  A  one  percentage  point  change  in  assumed  health  care  cost  trend  rates

would  have  the  following  effects  on  AbbVie’s  calculation  of  net  periodic  benefit  costs  in  2018  and  the

projected  benefit  obligation  as  of  December  31,  2017:

(in  millions)  (brackets  denote  a  reduction)

Service  and  interest  cost

Projected  benefit  obligation

Income  Taxes

One  percentage

point

Increase

Decrease

$ 31

$ (24)

183

(140)

AbbVie  accounts  for  income  taxes  under  the  asset  and  liability  method.  Provisions  for  federal,  state

and  foreign  income  taxes  are  calculated  on  reported  pretax  earnings  based  on  current  tax  laws.  Deferred

taxes  are  provided  using  enacted  tax  rates  on  the  future  tax  consequences  of  temporary  differences,  which

are  the  differences  between  the  financial  statement  carrying  amount  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their

respective  tax  bases  and  the  tax  benefits  of  carryforwards.  A  valuation  allowance  is  established  or

maintained  when,  based  on  currently  available  information,  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  all  or  a  portion

of  a  deferred  tax  asset  will  not  be  realized.

Litigation

The  company  is  subject  to  contingencies,  such  as  various  claims,  legal  proceedings  and  investigations

regarding  product  liability,  intellectual  property,  commercial,  securities  and  other  matters  that  arise  in  the

normal  course  of  business.  See  Note  14  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information.

Loss  contingency  provisions  are  recorded  for  probable  losses  at  management’s  best  estimate  of  a  loss,  or

when  a  best  estimate  cannot  be  made,  a  minimum  loss  contingency  amount  within  a  probable  range  is

recorded.  Accordingly,  AbbVie  is  often  initially  unable  to  develop  a  best  estimate  of  loss  and  therefore,  the

minimum  amount,  which  could  be  zero,  is  recorded.  As  information  becomes  known,  either  the  minimum

loss  amount  is  increased,  resulting  in  additional  loss  provisions,  or  a  best  estimate  can  be  made,  also

resulting  in  additional  loss  provisions.  Occasionally,  a  best  estimate  amount  is  changed  to  a  lower  amount

when  events  result  in  an  expectation  of  a  more  favorable  outcome  than  previously  expected.

Valuation  of  Goodwill  and  Intangible  Assets

AbbVie  has  acquired  and  may  continue  to  acquire  significant  intangible  assets  in  connection  with

business  combinations  that  AbbVie  records  at  fair  value.  Transactions  involving  the  purchase  or  sale  of

intangible  assets  occur  with  some  frequency  between  companies  in  the  pharmaceuticals  industry  and

valuations  are  usually  based  on  a  discounted  cash  flow  analysis  incorporating  the  stage  of  completion.  The

discounted  cash  flow  model  requires  assumptions  about  the  timing  and  amount  of  future  net  cash  flows,

49

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

49

risk,  cost  of  capital,  terminal  values  and  market  participants.  Each  of  these  factors  can  significantly  affect

the  value  of  the  intangible  asset.  IPR&D  acquired  in  a  business  combination  is  capitalized  as  an  indefinite-

lived  intangible  asset  until  regulatory  approval  is  obtained,  at  which  time  it  is  accounted  for  as  a  definite-

lived  asset  and  amortized  over  its  estimated  useful  life,  or  discontinuation,  at  which  point  the  intangible

asset  will  be  written  off.  IPR&D  acquired  in  transactions  that  are  not  business  combinations  is  expensed

immediately,  unless  deemed  to  have  an  alternative  future  use.  Payments  made  to  third  parties  subsequent

to  regulatory  approval  are  capitalized  and  amortized  over  the  remaining  useful  life.

AbbVie  reviews  the  recoverability  of  definite-lived  intangible  assets  whenever  events  or  changes  in

circumstances  indicate  the  carrying  value  of  an  asset  may  not  be  recoverable.  Goodwill  and  indefinite-lived

intangible  assets  are  reviewed  for  impairment  annually  or  when  an  event  occurs  that  could  result  in  an

impairment.  See  Note  2  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  further  information.

Annually,  the  company  tests  its  goodwill  for  impairment  by  first  assessing  qualitative  factors  to

determine  whether  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  fair  value  is  less  than  its  carrying  amount.  Some  of

the  factors  considered  in  the  assessment  include  general  macro-economic  conditions,  conditions  specific  to

the  industry  and  market,  cost  factors,  which  could  have  a  significant  effect  on  earnings  or  cash  flows,  the

overall  financial  performance  and  whether  there  have  been  sustained  declines  in  the  company’s  share  price.

If  the  company  concludes  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit  is  less  than  its

carrying  amount,  a  quantitative  impairment  test  is  performed.  AbbVie  tests  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets

using  a  quantitative  impairment  test.

For  its  quantitative  impairment  tests,  the  company  uses  an  estimated  future  cash  flow  approach  that

requires  significant  judgment  with  respect  to  future  volume,  revenue  and  expense  growth  rates,  changes  in

working  capital  use,  foreign  currency  exchange  rates,  the  selection  of  an  appropriate  discount  rate,  asset

groupings  and  other  assumptions  and  estimates.  The  estimates  and  assumptions  used  are  consistent  with

the  company’s  business  plans  and  a  market  participant’s  views  of  a  company  and  similar  companies.  The

use  of  alternative  estimates  and  assumptions  could  increase  or  decrease  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the

assets  and  potentially  result  in  different  impacts  to  the  company’s  results  of  operations.  Actual  results  may

differ  from  the  company’s  estimates.

Contingent  Consideration

The  fair  value  measurements  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities  are  determined  as  of  the  acquisition

date  based  on  significant  unobservable  inputs,  including  the  discount  rate,  estimated  probabilities  and

timing  of  achieving  specified  development,  regulatory  and  commercial  milestones  and  the  estimated

amount  of  future  sales  of  the  acquired  products  still  in  development.  Contingent  consideration  liabilities  are

revalued  to  fair  value  at  each  subsequent  reporting  date  until  the  related  contingency  is  resolved.  Changes

to  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent  consideration  liabilities  can  result  from  changes  to  one  or  a  number  of

inputs,  including  discount  rates,  the  probabilities  of  achieving  the  milestones,  the  time  required  to  achieve

the  milestones  and  estimated  future  sales.  Significant  judgment  is  employed  in  determining  the

appropriateness  of  these  inputs.  Changes  to  the  inputs  described  above  could  have  a  material  impact  on

the  company’s  financial  position  and  results  of  operations  in  any  given  period.  At  December  31,  2017,  a  50

basis  point  increase/decrease  in  the  assumed  discount  rate  would  have  decreased/increased  the  value  of

the  contingent  consideration  liabilities  by  approximately  $170  million.  Additionally,  at  December  31,  2017,  a

five  percentage  point  increase/decrease  in  the  assumed  probability  of  success  across  all  potential

indications  would  have  increased/decreased  the  value  of  the  contingent  consideration  liabilities  by

approximately  $390  million.

Recent  Accounting  Pronouncements

See  Note  2  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  on  recent  accounting

pronouncements.

50

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

50

ITEM  7A.  QUANTITATIVE  AND  QUALITATIVE  DISCLOSURES  ABOUT  MARKET  RISK

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  company  is  exposed  to  risk  that  its  earnings,  cash  flows  and  equity  could  be  adversely  impacted

by  changes  in  foreign  exchange  rates  and  interest  rates.  Certain  derivative  instruments  are  used  when

available  on  a  cost-effective  basis  to  hedge  the  company’s  underlying  economic  exposures.  See  Note  10  to

the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  the  company’s  financial

instruments  and  hedging  strategies.

Foreign  Currency  Risk

AbbVie’s  primary  net  foreign  currency  exposures  are  the  Euro,  Japanese  yen  and  British  pound.  The

following  table  reflects  the  total  foreign  currency  forward  exchange  contracts  outstanding  at  December  31,

2017  and  2016:

2017

2016

Fair  and

Weighted

carrying

average

value

Weighted

Fair  and

average

carrying

Contract

exchange

receivable/

Contract

exchange

value

(in  millions)

amount

rate

(payable)

amount

rate

receivable

Receive  primarily  U.S.  dollars  in  exchange  for

the  following  currencies:

Euro

Japanese  yen

British  pound

All  other  currencies

$6,366

1.175

$ (88)

$5,544

1.078

$102

940

760

112.4

1.310

1,877

n/a

2

(22)

(18)

935

611

111.6

1.303

1,693

n/a

39

35

11

Total

$9,943

$(126)

$8,783

$187

The  company  estimates  that  a  10%  appreciation  in  the  underlying  currencies  being  hedged  from  their

levels  against  the  U.S.  dollar,  with  all  other  variables  held  constant,  would  decrease  the  fair  value  of  foreign

exchange  forward  contracts  by  $1.0  billion  at  December  31,  2017.  If  realized,  this  appreciation  would

negatively  affect  earnings  over  the  remaining  life  of  the  contracts.  However,  gains  and  losses  on  the

hedging  instruments  offset  losses  and  gains  on  the  hedged  transactions  and  reduce  the  earnings  and

stockholders’  equity  volatility  relating  to  foreign  exchange.  A  10%  appreciation  is  believed  to  be  a

reasonably  possible  near-term  change  in  foreign  currencies.

In  November  2016,  the  company  issued  e3.6  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior

Euro  notes,  which  are  exposed  to  foreign  currency  risk.  The  company  has  designated  these  foreign  currency

denominated  notes  as  hedges  of  its  net  investments  in  certain  foreign  subsidiaries  and  affiliates.  As  a  result,

any  foreign  currency  translation  gains  or  losses  related  to  the  Euro  notes  will  be  included  in  accumulated

other  comprehensive  income.  See  Note  9  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional

information  related  to  the  senior  Euro  note  issuance  and  Note  10  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements

for  additional  information  related  to  the  net  investment  hedging  program.

The  functional  currency  of  the  company’s  Venezuela  operations  is  the  U.S.  dollar  due  to  the

hyperinflationary  status  of  the  Venezuelan  economy.  During  the  first  quarter  of  2016,  in  consideration  of

declining  economic  conditions  in  Venezuela  and  a  decline  in  transactions  settled  at  the  official  rate,  AbbVie

determined  that  its  net  monetary  assets  denominated  in  the  Venezuelan  bolivar  (VEF)  were  no  longer

expected  to  be  settled  at  the  official  rate  of  10  VEF  per  U.S.  dollar,  but  rather  at  the  Divisa  Complementaria

(DICOM)  rate.  Therefore,  during  the  first  quarter  of  2016,  AbbVie  recorded  a  charge  of  $298  million  to  net

foreign  exchange  loss  to  revalue  its  bolivar-denominated  net  monetary  assets  using  the  DICOM  rate  then  in

effect  of  approximately  270  VEF  per  U.S.  dollar.  As  of  December  31,  2017,  AbbVie’s  net  monetary  assets  in

Venezuela  were  insignificant.

51

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

51

Interest  Rate  Risk

The  company  estimates  that  an  increase  in  interest  rates  of  100  basis  points  would  adversely  impact

the  fair  value  of  AbbVie’s  interest  rate  swap  contracts  by  approximately  $509  million  at  December  31,  2017.

If  realized,  the  fair  value  reduction  would  affect  earnings  over  the  remaining  life  of  the  contracts.  The

company  estimates  that  an  increase  of  100  basis  points  in  long-term  interest  rates  would  decrease  the  fair

value  of  long-term  debt  by  $2.2  billion  at  December  31,  2017.  A  100  basis  point  change  is  believed  to  be  a

reasonably  possible  near-term  change  in  interest  rates.

Market  Price  Risk

AbbVie’s  debt  securities  investment  portfolio  (the  portfolio)  is  its  main  exposure  to  market  price  risk.

The  portfolio  is  subject  to  changes  in  fair  value  as  a  result  of  interest  rate  fluctuations  and  other  market

factors.  It  is  AbbVie’s  policy  to  mitigate  market  price  risk  by  maintaining  a  diversified  portfolio  that  limits

the  amount  of  exposure  to  a  particular  issuer  and  security  type  while  placing  limits  on  the  amount  of  time

to  maturity.  AbbVie’s  investment  policy  limits  investments  to  investment  grade  credit  ratings.  The  company

estimates  that  an  increase  in  interest  rates  of  100  basis  points  would  decrease  the  fair  value  of  the

portfolio  by  approximately  $34  million  as  of  December  31,  2017.  If  the  portfolio  were  to  be  liquidated,  the

fair  value  reduction  would  affect  the  income  statement  in  the  period  sold.

Non-Publicly  Traded  Equity  Securities

AbbVie  holds  equity  securities  in  other  pharmaceutical  and  biotechnology  companies  that  are  not

traded  on  public  stock  exchanges.  The  carrying  value  of  these  investments  was  $48  million  as  of

December  31,  2017  and  $42  million  as  of  December  31,  2016.  AbbVie  monitors  these  investments  for  other

than  temporary  declines  in  market  value  and  charges  impairment  losses  to  net  earnings  when  an  other

than  temporary  decline  in  estimated  value  occurs.  In  2017  and  2016,  impairment  charges  recorded  were

insignificant.  In  2015,  AbbVie  recorded  impairment  charges  totaling  $36  million  related  to  certain  of  the

company’s  investments  in  non-publicly  traded  equity  securities.

52

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

52

ITEM  8.  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND  SUPPLEMENTARY  DATA

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Consolidated  Financial  Statements

Consolidated  Statements  of  Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated  Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated  Balance  Sheets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated  Statements  of  Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Page

54

55

56

57

58

59

Report  of  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

104

53

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

53

AbbVie  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries

Consolidated  Statements  of  Earnings

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions,  except  per  share  data)

2017

2016

2015

Net  revenues

$28,216

$25,638

$22,859

Cost  of  products  sold

Selling,  general  and  administrative

Research  and  development

Acquired  in-process  research  and  development

7,040

5,833

4,500

6,275

5,855

6,387

4,982

4,366

4,285

327

200

150

Total  operating  costs  and  expenses

18,624

16,254

15,322

Operating  earnings

Interest  expense,  net

Net  foreign  exchange  loss

Other  expense,  net

Earnings  before  income  tax  expense

Income  tax  expense

Net  earnings

Per  share  data

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

Cash  dividends  declared  per  common  share

Weighted-average  basic  shares  outstanding

Weighted-average  diluted  shares  outstanding

9,592

9,384

7,537

1,004

348

513

965

303

232

686

193

13

7,727

7,884

6,645

2,418

1,931

1,501

$ 5,309

$ 5,953

$ 5,144

$ 3.31

$ 3.65

$ 3.15

$ 3.30

$ 3.63

$ 3.13

$ 2.63

$ 2.35

$ 2.10

1,596

1,622

1,625

1,603

1,631

1,637

The  accompanying  notes  are  an  integral  part  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

54

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

54

AbbVie  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries

Consolidated  Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Net  earnings

$5,309

$5,953

$5,144

Foreign  currency  translation  adjustments,  net  of  tax  expense  (benefit)  of  $34  in

2017,  $(31)  in  2016  and  $(139)  in  2015

996

(165)

(667)

Net  investment  hedging  activities,  net  of  tax  expense  (benefit)  of  $(194)  in

2017,  $79  in  2016  and  $—  in  2015

(343)

140

—

Pension  and  post-employment  benefits,  net  of  tax  expense  (benefit)  of  $(94)  in

2017,  $(75)  in  2016  and  $96  in  2015

(406)

(135)

230

Marketable  security  activities,  net  of  tax  expense  (benefit)  of  $(8)  in  2017,

$(11)  in  2016  and  $22  in  2015

(46)

(1)

44

Cash  flow  hedging  activities,  net  of  tax  expense  (benefit)  of  $(26)  in  2017,  $18

in  2016  and  $(6)  in  2015

Other  comprehensive  loss

Comprehensive  income

(342)

136

(137)

(141)

(25)

(530)

$5,168

$5,928

$4,614

The  accompanying  notes  are  an  integral  part  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

55

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

55

AbbVie  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries

Consolidated  Balance  Sheets

as  of  December  31  (in  millions,  except  share  data)

2017

2016

Assets

Current  assets

Cash  and  equivalents

Short-term  investments

Accounts  receivable,  net

Inventories

Prepaid  expenses  and  other

Total  current  assets

Investments

Property  and  equipment,  net

Intangible  assets,  net

Goodwill

Other  assets

Total  assets

Liabilities  and  Equity

Current  liabilities

Short-term  borrowings

Current  portion  of  long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations

Accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities

Total  current  liabilities

Long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations

Deferred  income  taxes

Other  long-term  liabilities

Commitments  and  contingencies

Stockholders’  equity

Common  stock,  $0.01  par  value,  4,000,000,000  shares  authorized,  1,768,738,550

shares  issued  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  1,754,900,486  as  of  December  31,

2016

Common  stock  held  in  treasury,  at  cost,  176,607,525  shares  as  of  December  31,

2017  and  162,387,762  as  of  December  31,  2016

Additional  paid-in-capital

Retained  earnings

Accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss

Total  stockholders’  equity

$ 9,303

$ 5,100

486

5,088

1,605

4,741

1,323

4,758

1,444

3,562

21,223

16,187

2,090

2,803

1,783

2,604

27,559

28,897

15,785

15,416

1,326

1,212

$ 70,786

$ 66,099

$

400

$

377

6,015

25

10,226

9,379

16,641

9,781

30,953

36,440

2,490

15,605

6,890

8,352

18

18

(11,923)

(10,852)

14,270

13,678

5,459

4,378

(2,727)

(2,586)

5,097

4,636

Total  liabilities  and  equity

$ 70,786

$ 66,099

The  accompanying  notes  are  an  integral  part  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

56

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

56

AbbVie  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries

Consolidated  Statements  of  Equity

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

outstanding

stock

stock

capital

earnings

loss

Total

Balance  at  December  31,  2014

1,591

$16

$

(972) $ 4,194

$

535

$(2,031)

$ 1,742

Common

Additional

Accumulated

other

shares

Common Treasury

paid-in

Retained comprehensive

Net  earnings

Other  comprehensive  loss,  net  of  tax

Dividends  declared

Common  shares  issued  to  Pharmacyclics

stockholders

Purchases  of  treasury  stock

Stock-based  compensation  plans  and  other

Balance  at  December  31,  2015

Net  earnings

Other  comprehensive  loss,  net  of  tax

Dividends  declared

Common  shares  issued  to  Stemcentrx  stockholders

Purchases  of  treasury  stock

Stock-based  compensation  plans  and  other

—

—

—

128

(119)

10

1,610

—

—

—

63

(94)

14

Balance  at  December  31,  2016

1,593

Net  earnings

Other  comprehensive  loss,  net  of  tax

Dividends  declared

Purchases  of  treasury  stock

Stock-based  compensation  plans  and  other

—

—

—

(15)

14

—

—

—

1

—

—

17

—

—

—

—

—

1

18

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

5,144

—

—

5,144

(530)

(530)

(3,431)

—

(3,431)

—

8,404

(7,886)

19

—

482

—

—

—

—

—

—

(8,839)

13,080

2,248

(2,561)

—

—

—

3,958

(6,018)

47

—

—

—

(35)

—

633

5,953

—

(3,823)

—

—

—

—

(25)

—

—

—

—

(10,852)

13,678

4,378

(2,586)

8,405

(7,886)

501

3,945

5,953

(25)

(3,823)

3,923

(6,018)

681

4,636

5,309

—

—

—

(1,125)

—

—

—

—

54

592

5,309

—

(4,221)

—

(7)

—

(141)

(141)

—

—

—

(4,221)

(1,125)

639

Balance  at  December  31,  2017

1,592

$18

$(11,923) $14,270

$ 5,459

$(2,727)

$ 5,097

The  accompanying  notes  are  an  integral  part  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

57

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

57

AbbVie  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries

Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)  (brackets  denote  cash  outflows)

2017

2016

2015

Cash  flows  from  operating  activities

Net  earnings

Adjustments  to  reconcile  net  earnings  to  net  cash  from  operating  activities:

Depreciation

Amortization  of  intangible  assets

Change  in  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities

Stock-based  compensation

Upfront  costs  and  milestones  related  to  collaborations

Devaluation  loss  related  to  Venezuela

Intangible  asset  impairment

Impacts  related  to  U.S.  tax  reform

Other,  net

Changes  in  operating  assets  and  liabilities,  net  of  acquisitions:

Accounts  receivable

Inventories

Prepaid  expenses  and  other  assets

Accounts  payable  and  other  liabilities

$ 5,309

$ 5,953

$ 5,144

425

1,076

626

365

470

—

354

1,242

84

425

764

228

353

280

298

39

—

390

417

419

—

282

280

—

—

—

489

(391)

93

(71)

(38)

(118)

(393)

(1,076)

(434)

511

425

(1,187)

1,503

Cash  flows  from  operating  activities

9,960

7,041

7,535

Cash  flows  from  investing  activities

Acquisition  of  businesses,  net  of  cash  acquired

—

(2,495)

(11,488)

Other  acquisitions  and  investments

Acquisitions  of  property  and  equipment

Purchases  of  investment  securities

Sales  and  maturities  of  investment  securities

Other

(308)

(529)

(262)

(479)

(2,230)

(5,315)

2,793

2,359

—

118

(964)

(532)

(851)

899

—

Cash  flows  from  investing  activities

(274)

(6,074)

(12,936)

Cash  flows  from  financing  activities

Net  change  in  short-term  borrowings

Proceeds  from  issuance  of  long-term  debt

Repayments  of  long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations

Debt  issuance  costs

Dividends  paid

Purchases  of  treasury  stock

Proceeds  from  the  exercise  of  stock  options

Payments  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities

Other,  net

Cash  flows  from  financing  activities

22

(29)

(19)

— 11,627

20,660

(25)

(6,010)

(4,018)

—

(69)

(182)

(4,107)

(3,717)

(3,294)

(1,410)

(6,033)

(7,586)

254

(268)

22

268

—

35

155

—

36

(5,512)

(3,928)

5,752

Effect  of  exchange  rate  changes  on  cash  and  equivalents

29

(338)

(300)

Net  change  in  cash  and  equivalents

Cash  and  equivalents,  beginning  of  year

4,203

(3,299)

51

5,100

8,399

8,348

Cash  and  equivalents,  end  of  year

$ 9,303

$ 5,100

$ 8,399

Other  supplemental  information

Interest  paid,  net  of  portion  capitalized

Income  taxes  paid

$ 1,099

$

986

$

536

1,696

3,563

1,108

Supplemental  schedule  of  non-cash  investing  and  financing  activities

Issuance  of  common  shares  associated  with  acquisitions  of  businesses

—

3,923

8,405

The  accompanying  notes  are  an  integral  part  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

58

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

58

AbbVie  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries

Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements

Note  1  Background  and  Basis  of  Presentation

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Background

The  principal  business  of  AbbVie  Inc.  (AbbVie  or  the  company)  is  the  discovery,  development,

manufacture  and  sale  of  a  broad  line  of  pharmaceutical  products.  AbbVie’s  products  are  generally  sold

worldwide  directly  to  wholesalers,  distributors,  government  agencies,  health  care  facilities,  specialty

pharmacies  and  independent  retailers  from  AbbVie-owned  distribution  centers  and  public  warehouses.

Substantially  all  of  AbbVie’s  net  revenues  in  the  United  States  are  to  three  wholesalers.  Outside  the  United

States,  products  are  sold  primarily  to  customers  or  through  distributors,  depending  on  the  market  served.

AbbVie  was  incorporated  in  Delaware  on  April  10,  2012.  On  January  1,  2013,  AbbVie  became  an

independent,  publicly-traded  company  as  a  result  of  the  distribution  by  Abbott  Laboratories  (Abbott)  of

100%  of  the  outstanding  common  stock  of  AbbVie  to  Abbott’s  shareholders.  AbbVie  incurred  separation-

related  expenses  of  $270  million  in  2015,  which  were  principally  classified  in  selling,  general  and

administrative  expenses  (SG&A)  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.

Basis  of  Historical  Presentation

For  a  certain  portion  of  AbbVie’s  operations,  the  legal  transfer  of  AbbVie’s  assets  (net  of  liabilities)  did

not  occur  with  the  separation  of  AbbVie  on  January  1,  2013  due  to  the  time  required  to  transfer  marketing

authorizations  and  satisfy  other  regulatory  requirements  in  certain  countries.  Under  the  terms  of  the

separation  agreement  with  Abbott,  AbbVie  was  responsible  for  the  business  activities  conducted  by  Abbott

on  its  behalf  and  was  subject  to  the  risks  and  entitled  to  the  benefits  generated  by  these  operations  and

assets.  As  a  result,  the  related  assets  and  liabilities  and  results  of  operations  were  reported  in  AbbVie’s

consolidated  financial  statements.  All  of  these  operations  were  transferred  to  AbbVie  as  of  December  31,

2016.  Net  revenues  related  to  these  operations  were  insignificant  in  2016  and  were  $213  million  in  2015.

Note  2  Summary  of  Significant  Accounting  Policies

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Use  of  Estimates

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  U.S.  generally  accepted

accounting  principles  (GAAP)  and  necessarily  include  amounts  based  on  estimates  and  assumptions  by

management.  Actual  results  could  differ  from  those  amounts.  Significant  estimates  include  amounts  for

rebates,  pension  and  other  post-employment  benefits,  income  taxes,  litigation,  valuation  of  goodwill  and

intangible  assets,  contingent  consideration  liabilities,  financial  instruments  and  inventory  and  accounts

receivable  exposures.

Basis  of  Consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  accounts  of  AbbVie  and  all  of  its  subsidiaries  in

which  a  controlling  interest  is  maintained.  Controlling  interest  is  determined  by  majority  ownership  interest

and  the  absence  of  substantive  third-party  participating  rights  or,  in  the  case  of  variable  interest  entities,

where  AbbVie  is  determined  to  be  the  primary  beneficiary.  Investments  in  companies  over  which  AbbVie

has  a  significant  influence  but  not  a  controlling  interest  are  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  with

AbbVie’s  share  of  earnings  or  losses  reported  in  other  expense,  net  in  the  consolidated  statements  of

earnings.  All  other  investments  are  generally  accounted  for  using  the  cost  method.  Intercompany  balances

and  transactions  are  eliminated.

59

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

59

Certain  reclassifications  have  been  made  to  conform  the  prior  period  consolidated  financial  statements

to  the  current  period  presentation.

Revenue  Recognition

AbbVie  recognizes  revenue  when  persuasive  evidence  of  an  arrangement  exists,  delivery  has  occurred,

the  sales  price  is  fixed  or  determinable  and  collectability  of  the  sales  price  is  reasonably  assured.  Revenue

from  product  sales  is  recognized  when  title  and  risk  of  loss  have  passed  to  the  customer.  Provisions  for

discounts,  rebates,  sales  incentives  to  customers,  returns  and  other  adjustments  are  provided  for  in  the

period  the  related  revenues  are  recorded.  Rebate  amounts  are  typically  based  upon  the  volume  of

purchases  using  contractual  or  statutory  prices,  which  may  vary  by  product  and  by  payer.  For  each  type  of

rebate,  the  factors  used  in  the  calculations  of  the  accrual  include  the  identification  of  the  products  subject

to  the  rebate,  the  applicable  price  terms  and  the  estimated  lag  time  between  sale  and  payment  of  the

rebate,  which  can  be  significant.  Sales  incentives  to  customers  are  insignificant.  Historical  data  is  readily

available  and  reliable  and  is  used  for  estimating  the  amount  of  the  reduction  in  gross  revenues.  Revenue

from  the  launch  of  a  new  product,  from  an  improved  version  of  an  existing  product,  or  for  shipments  in

excess  of  a  customer’s  normal  requirements  are  recorded  when  the  conditions  noted  above  are  met.  In

those  situations,  management  records  a  returns  reserve  for  such  revenue,  if  necessary.  Sales  of  product

rights  for  marketable  products  are  recorded  as  revenue  upon  disposition  of  the  rights.

Research  and  Development  Expenses

Internal  research  and  development  (R&D)  costs  are  expensed  as  incurred.  Clinical  trial  costs  incurred  by

third  parties  are  expensed  as  the  contracted  work  is  performed.  Where  contingent  milestone  payments  are

due  to  third  parties  under  research  and  development  collaborations  for  pre-commercialization  milestones,

the  milestone  payment  obligations  are  expensed  when  the  milestone  results  are  achieved.  Payments  made

to  third  parties  subsequent  to  regulatory  approval  are  capitalized  as  intangible  assets  and  amortized  to  cost

of  products  sold  over  the  remaining  useful  life  of  the  related  product.

Collaborations  and  Other  Arrangements

The  company  enters  into  collaborative  agreements  with  third  parties  to  develop  and  commercialize

drug  candidates.  Collaborative  activities  may  include  joint  research  and  development  and  commercialization

of  new  products.  AbbVie  generally  receives  certain  licensing  rights  under  these  arrangements.  These

collaborations  often  require  upfront  payments  and  may  include  additional  milestone,  research  and

development  cost  sharing,  royalty  or  profit  share  payments,  contingent  upon  the  occurrence  of  certain

future  events  linked  to  the  success  of  the  asset  in  development  and  commercialization.  Upfront  payments

associated  with  collaborative  arrangements  during  the  development  stage  are  expensed  to  acquired

in-process  research  and  development  (IPR&D)  expenses  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.

Subsequent  payments  made  to  the  partner  for  the  achievement  of  milestones  during  the  development

stage  are  expensed  to  R&D  expense  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings  when  the  milestone  is

achieved.  Milestone  payments  made  to  the  partner  subsequent  to  regulatory  approval  are  capitalized  as

intangible  assets  and  amortized  to  cost  of  products  sold  over  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the  related  asset.

Royalties  are  expensed  to  cost  of  products  sold  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings  when  incurred.

Advertising

Costs  associated  with  advertising  are  expensed  as  incurred  and  are  included  in  SG&A  in  the

consolidated  statements  of  earnings.  Advertising  expenses  were  $846  million  in  2017,  $764  million  in  2016

and  $704  million  in  2015.

60

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

60

Pension  and  Other  Post-Employment  Benefits

AbbVie  records  annual  expenses  relating  to  its  defined  benefit  pension  and  other  post-employment

benefit  plans  based  on  calculations  which  utilize  various  actuarial  assumptions,  including  discount  rates,

rates  of  return  on  assets,  compensation  increases,  turnover  rates  and  health  care  cost  trend  rates.  AbbVie

reviews  its  actuarial  assumptions  on  an  annual  basis  and  makes  modifications  to  the  assumptions  based  on

current  rates  and  trends.  Actuarial  gains  and  losses  are  deferred  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss

(AOCI),  net  of  tax  and  are  amortized  over  the  remaining  service  attribution  periods  of  the  employees  under

the  corridor  method.  Differences  between  the  expected  long-term  return  on  plan  assets  and  the  actual

annual  return  are  amortized  to  net  periodic  benefit  cost  over  a  five-year  period.

Income  Taxes

Income  taxes  are  accounted  for  under  the  asset  and  liability  method.  Provisions  for  federal,  state  and

foreign  income  taxes  are  calculated  on  reported  pretax  earnings  based  on  current  tax  laws.  Deferred  taxes

are  provided  using  enacted  tax  rates  on  the  future  tax  consequences  of  temporary  differences,  which  are

the  differences  between  the  financial  statement  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their

respective  tax  bases  and  the  tax  benefits  of  carryforwards.  A  valuation  allowance  is  established  or

maintained  when,  based  on  currently  available  information,  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  all  or  a  portion

of  a  deferred  tax  asset  will  not  be  realized.

Cash  and  Equivalents

Cash  and  equivalents  include  money  market  funds  and  time  deposits  with  original  maturities  of  three

months  or  less.

Investments

Investments  consist  primarily  of  time  deposits,  marketable  debt  securities,  held-to-maturity  debt

securities  and  equity  securities.  Investments  in  marketable  securities  are  classified  as  available-for-sale  and

are  recorded  at  fair  value  with  any  unrealized  holding  gains  or  losses,  net  of  tax,  included  in  AOCI  on  the

consolidated  balance  sheets.  Investments  in  equity  securities  that  are  not  traded  on  public  stock  exchanges

and  held-to-maturity  debt  securities  are  recorded  at  cost.

AbbVie  periodically  assesses  its  investment  securities  for  other-than-temporary  impairment  losses.  This

evaluation  is  based  on  a  number  of  factors,  including  the  length  of  time  and  the  extent  to  which  the  fair

value  has  been  below  the  cost  basis  and  adverse  conditions  related  specifically  to  the  security,  including

any  changes  to  the  credit  rating  of  the  security,  intent  to  sell,  or  whether  AbbVie  will  more  likely  than  not

be  required  to  sell  the  security  before  recovery  of  its  amortized  cost  basis.  AbbVie  also  considers  industry

factors  and  general  market  trends.  When  AbbVie  determines  that  an  other  than  temporary  decline  has

occurred,  a  cost  basis  investment  is  written  down  with  a  charge  to  other  expense  (income),  net  in  the

consolidated  statements  of  earnings  and  an  available-for-sale  investment’s  unrealized  loss  is  reclassified

from  AOCI  to  other  expense  (income),  net  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.  Realized  gains  and

losses  on  sales  of  investments  are  computed  using  the  first-in,  first-out  method  adjusted  for  any

other-than-temporary  declines  in  fair  value  that  were  recorded  in  net  earnings.

Accounts  Receivable

Accounts  receivable  are  stated  at  their  net  realizable  value.  The  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts

reflects  the  best  estimate  of  probable  losses  inherent  in  the  receivables  portfolio  determined  on  the  basis

of  historical  experience,  specific  allowances  for  known  troubled  accounts  and  other  currently  available

information.  Accounts  receivable  are  written  off  after  all  reasonable  means  to  collect  the  full  amount

(including  litigation,  where  appropriate)  have  been  exhausted.  The  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  was

$58  million  at  December  31,  2017  and  $72  million  at  December  31,  2016.

61

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

61

Inventories

Inventories  are  valued  at  the  lower  of  cost  (first-in,  first-out  basis)  or  market.  Cost  includes  material

and  conversion  costs.  Inventories  consisted  of  the  following:

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Finished  goods

Work-in-process

Raw  materials

Inventories

Property  and  Equipment

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Land

Buildings

Equipment

Construction  in  progress

Property  and  equipment,  gross

Less  accumulated  depreciation

Property  and  equipment,  net

2017

2016

$ 610

$ 223

822

173

1,080

141

$1,605

$1,444

2017

2016

$

48

$

46

1,428

5,991

604

1,344

5,726

410

8,071

7,526

(5,268)

(4,922)

$ 2,803

$ 2,604

Depreciation  for  property  and  equipment  is  recorded  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  estimated  useful

lives  of  the  assets.  The  estimated  useful  life  for  buildings  ranges  from  10  to  50  years.  Buildings  include

leasehold  improvements  which  are  amortized  over  the  life  of  the  related  facility  lease  (including  any

renewal  periods,  if  appropriate)  or  the  asset,  whichever  is  shorter.  The  estimated  useful  life  for  equipment

ranges  from  2  to  25  years.  Equipment  includes  certain  computer  software  and  software  development  costs

incurred  in  connection  with  developing  or  obtaining  software  for  internal  use  and  is  amortized  over  3  to

10  years.  Depreciation  expense  was  $425  million  in  2017,  $425  million  in  2016  and  $417  million  in  2015.

Assets  related  to  capital  leases  were  insignificant  at  December  31,  2017  and  2016.

Litigation  and  Contingencies

Loss  contingency  provisions  are  recorded  when  it  is  probable  that  a  liability  has  been  incurred  and  the

amount  of  the  liability  can  be  reasonably  estimated  based  on  existing  information.  When  a  best  estimate

cannot  be  made,  the  minimum  loss  contingency  amount  in  a  probable  range  is  recorded.  Legal  fees  are

expensed  as  incurred.  AbbVie  accrues  for  product  liability  claims  on  an  undiscounted  basis.  The  liabilities

are  evaluated  quarterly  and  adjusted  if  necessary  as  additional  information  becomes  available.  Receivables

for  insurance  recoveries  for  product  liability  claims,  if  any,  are  recorded  as  assets  on  an  undiscounted  basis

when  it  is  probable  that  a  recovery  will  be  realized.

Business  Combinations

AbbVie  utilizes  the  acquisition  method  of  accounting  for  business  combinations.  This  method  requires,

among  other  things,  that  results  of  operations  of  acquired  companies  are  included  in  AbbVie’s  results  of

operations  beginning  on  the  respective  acquisition  dates  and  that  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed

are  recognized  at  fair  value  as  of  the  acquisition  date.  Any  excess  of  the  fair  value  of  consideration

transferred  over  the  fair  values  of  the  net  assets  acquired  is  recognized  as  goodwill.  Contingent

consideration  liabilities  are  recognized  at  the  estimated  fair  value  on  the  acquisition  date.  Subsequent

changes  to  the  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities  are  recognized  in  other  expense  (income),

net  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.  The  fair  value  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  in

62

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

62

certain  cases  may  be  subject  to  revision  based  on  the  final  determination  of  fair  value  during  a  period  of

time  generally  not  to  exceed  twelve  months  from  the  acquisition  date.  Legal  costs,  due  diligence  costs,

business  valuation  costs  and  all  other  business  acquisition  costs  are  expensed  when  incurred.

Goodwill  and  Intangible  Assets

Intangible  assets  acquired  in  a  business  combination  are  recorded  at  fair  value  using  a  discounted  cash

flow  model.  The  discounted  cash  flow  model  requires  assumptions  about  the  timing  and  amount  of  future

net  cash  flows,  risk,  the  cost  of  capital  and  terminal  values  of  market  participants.  Definite-lived  intangibles

are  amortized  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  using  the  estimated  pattern  of  economic  benefit.  AbbVie

reviews  the  recoverability  of  definite-lived  intangible  assets  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances

indicate  the  carrying  value  of  an  asset  may  not  be  recoverable.  AbbVie  first  compares  the  projected

undiscounted  cash  flows  to  be  generated  by  the  asset  to  its  carrying  value.  If  the  undiscounted  cash  flows

of  an  intangible  asset  are  less  than  the  carrying  value,  the  intangible  asset  is  written  down  to  its  fair  value.

Where  cash  flows  cannot  be  identified  for  an  individual  asset,  the  review  is  applied  at  the  lowest  level  for

which  cash  flows  are  largely  independent  of  the  cash  flows  of  other  assets  and  liabilities.

Goodwill  and  indefinite-lived  assets  are  not  amortized,  but  are  subject  to  an  impairment  review

annually  and  more  frequently  when  indicators  of  impairment  exist.  An  impairment  of  goodwill  could  occur

if  the  carrying  amount  of  a  reporting  unit  exceeded  the  fair  value  of  that  reporting  unit.  An  impairment  of

indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  would  occur  if  the  fair  value  of  the  intangible  asset  is  less  than  the

carrying  value.

The  company  tests  its  goodwill  for  impairment  by  first  assessing  qualitative  factors  to  determine

whether  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  fair  value  is  less  than  its  carrying  amount.  If  the  company

concludes  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit  is  less  than  its  carrying  amount,

a  quantitative  impairment  test  is  performed.  AbbVie  tests  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  using  a

quantitative  impairment  test.  For  its  quantitative  impairment  tests,  the  company  uses  an  estimated  future

cash  flow  approach  that  requires  significant  judgment  with  respect  to  future  volume,  revenue  and  expense

growth  rates,  changes  in  working  capital  use,  future  foreign  currency  exchange  rates,  the  selection  of  an

appropriate  discount  rate,  asset  groupings  and  other  assumptions  and  estimates.  The  estimates  and

assumptions  used  are  consistent  with  the  company’s  business  plans  and  a  market  participant’s  views  of  a

company  and  similar  companies.  The  use  of  alternative  estimates  and  assumptions  could  increase  or

decrease  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  assets  and  potentially  result  in  different  impacts  to  the  company’s

results  of  operations.  Actual  results  may  differ  from  the  company’s  estimates.

Acquired  In-Process  Research  and  Development

In  an  asset  acquisition,  the  initial  costs  of  rights  to  IPR&D  projects  acquired  are  expensed  as  IPR&D  in

the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings  unless  the  project  has  an  alternative  future  use.  These  costs

include  initial  payments  incurred  prior  to  regulatory  approval  in  connection  with  research  and  development

collaboration  agreements  that  provide  rights  to  develop,  manufacture,  market  and/or  sell  pharmaceutical

products.  In  a  business  combination,  the  fair  value  of  IPR&D  projects  acquired  are  capitalized  and

accounted  for  as  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  until  the  underlying  project  receives  regulatory  approval,

at  which  point  the  intangible  asset  will  be  accounted  for  as  a  definite-lived  intangible  asset,  or

discontinuation,  at  which  point  the  intangible  asset  will  be  written  off.  R&D  costs  incurred  after  the

acquisition  are  expensed  as  incurred.

Foreign  Currency  Translation

Foreign  subsidiary  earnings  are  translated  into  U.S.  dollars  using  average  exchange  rates.  The  net  assets

of  foreign  subsidiaries  are  translated  into  U.S.  dollars  using  period-end  exchange  rates.  The  U.S.  dollar

effects  that  arise  from  translating  the  net  assets  of  these  subsidiaries  at  changing  rates  are  recognized  in

63

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

63

other  comprehensive  (loss)  income  (OCI)  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  comprehensive  income.  The  net

assets  of  subsidiaries  in  highly  inflationary  economies  are  remeasured  as  if  the  functional  currency  were  the

reporting  currency.  The  remeasurement  is  recognized  in  net  foreign  exchange  loss  in  the  consolidated

statements  of  earnings.

Derivatives

All  derivative  instruments  are  recognized  as  either  assets  or  liabilities  at  fair  value  on  the  consolidated

balance  sheets  and  are  classified  as  current  or  long-term  based  on  the  scheduled  maturity  of  the

instrument.

For  derivatives  formally  designated  as  hedges,  the  company  assesses  at  inception  and  quarterly

thereafter,  whether  the  hedging  derivatives  are  highly  effective  in  offsetting  changes  in  the  fair  value  or

cash  flows  of  the  hedged  item.  The  changes  in  fair  value  of  a  derivative  designated  as  a  fair  value  hedge

and  of  the  hedged  item  attributable  to  the  hedged  risk  are  recognized  in  earnings  immediately.  The

effective  portions  of  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  a  derivative  designated  as  a  cash  flow  hedge  are  reported

in  AOCI  and  are  subsequently  recognized  in  earnings  consistent  with  the  underlying  hedged  item.  If  it  is

determined  that  a  derivative  is  no  longer  highly  effective  as  a  hedge,  the  company  discontinues  hedge

accounting  prospectively.  If  a  hedged  forecasted  transaction  becomes  probable  of  not  occurring,  any  gains

or  losses  are  reclassified  from  AOCI  to  earnings.  Derivatives  that  are  not  designated  as  hedges  are  adjusted

to  fair  value  through  current  earnings.

The  company  also  uses  derivative  instruments  or  foreign  currency  denominated  debt  to  hedge  its  net

investments  in  certain  foreign  subsidiaries  and  affiliates.  Realized  and  unrealized  gains  and  losses  from  these

hedges  are  included  in  AOCI.

Derivative  cash  flows,  with  the  exception  of  net  investment  hedges,  are  principally  classified  in  the

operating  section  of  the  consolidated  statements  of  cash  flows,  consistent  with  the  underlying  hedged  item.

Cash  flows  related  to  net  investment  hedges  are  classified  in  the  investing  section  of  the  consolidated

statements  of  cash  flows.

Recent  Accounting  Pronouncements

Recently  Adopted  Accounting  Pronouncements

In  January  2017,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (FASB)  issued  Accounting  Standards  Update

(ASU)  No.  2017-01,  Business  Combinations  (Topic  805):  Clarifying  the  Definition  of  a  Business.  The  standard

provides  clarifying  guidance  to  assist  in  the  evaluation  of  whether  transactions  are  treated  as  business

combinations  or  asset  acquisitions.  AbbVie  elected  to  early  adopt  the  changes  prospectively  in  the  first

quarter  of  2017.

In  March  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2016-09,  Compensation—Stock  Compensation  (Topic  718):

Improvements  to  Employee  Share-Based  Payment  Accounting.  AbbVie  adopted  the  standard  in  the  first

quarter  of  2017.  As  a  result,  all  excess  tax  benefits  associated  with  stock-based  awards  are  recognized  in

the  statement  of  earnings  when  the  awards  vest  or  settle,  rather  than  in  stockholders’  equity.  In  addition,

excess  tax  benefits  in  the  statement  of  cash  flows  are  now  classified  as  an  operating  activity  rather  than  as

a  financing  activity.  AbbVie  adopted  these  changes  prospectively.  Accordingly,  the  company  recognized

excess  tax  benefits  in  income  tax  expense  of  $71  million  in  2017  and  classified  them  within  cash  flows  from

operating  activities.

Recent  Accounting  Pronouncements  Not  Yet  Adopted

In  May  2014,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2014-09,  Summary  and  Amendments  That  Create  Revenue  from

Contracts  with  Customers  (Topic  606)  and  Other  Assets  and  Deferred  Costs—Contracts  with  Customers

(Subtopic  340-40).  The  amendments  in  this  standard  supersede  most  current  revenue  recognition

64

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

64

requirements.  The  core  principle  of  the  new  guidance  is  that  an  entity  should  recognize  revenue  to  depict

the  transfer  of  promised  goods  or  services  to  customers  in  an  amount  that  reflects  the  consideration  to

which  the  entity  expects  to  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  those  goods  or  services.  AbbVie  can  apply  the

amendments  using  one  of  the  following  two  methods:  (i)  retrospectively  to  each  prior  reporting  period

presented,  or  (ii)  modified  retrospectively  with  the  cumulative  effect  of  initially  applying  the  amendments

recognized  at  the  date  of  initial  application.  AbbVie  will  adopt  the  standard  effective  the  first  quarter  of

2018  and  apply  the  amendments  using  the  modified  retrospective  method.  The  company  has  completed  its

assessment  of  the  new  standard  as  of  December  31,  2017.  AbbVie  does  not  expect  significant  changes  to

the  amounts  or  timing  of  revenue  recognition  for  product  sales,  which  is  its  primary  revenue  stream.

However,  the  adoption  of  the  new  standard  will  require  a  cumulative-effect  adjustment  to  retained  earnings

on  January  1,  2018  of  approximately  $120  million,  net  of  tax,  primarily  related  to  certain  deferred  license

revenues  that  were  originally  expected  to  be  recognized  through  early  2020.

In  January  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2016-01,  Financial  Instruments—Overall  (Subtopic  825-10):

Recognition  and  Measurement  of  Financial  Assets  and  Financial  Liabilities.  The  standard  requires  several

targeted  changes  including  that  equity  investments  (except  those  accounted  for  under  the  equity  method  of

accounting,  or  those  that  result  in  consolidation  of  the  investee)  be  measured  at  fair  value  with  changes  in

fair  value  recognized  in  net  earnings.  These  provisions  will  not  impact  the  accounting  for  AbbVie’s

investments  in  debt  securities.  The  new  guidance  also  changes  certain  disclosure  requirements  and  other

aspects  of  current  U.S.  GAAP.  Amendments  are  to  be  applied  as  a  cumulative-effect  adjustment  to  the

balance  sheet  as  of  the  beginning  of  the  fiscal  year  of  adoption.  This  standard  will  be  effective  for  AbbVie

starting  with  the  first  quarter  of  2018.  Based  on  historical  trends,  AbbVie  does  not  believe  the  adoption  will

have  a  material  impact  on  its  consolidated  financial  statements.

In  February  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2016-02,  Leases  (Topic  842).  The  standard  outlines  a

comprehensive  lease  accounting  model  that  supersedes  the  current  lease  guidance  and  requires  lessees  to

recognize  lease  liabilities  and  corresponding  right-of-use  assets  for  all  leases  with  lease  terms  greater  than

12  months.  The  guidance  also  changes  the  definition  of  a  lease  and  expands  the  disclosure  requirements  of

lease  arrangements.  The  new  standard  must  be  adopted  using  the  modified  retrospective  approach  and  will

be  effective  for  AbbVie  starting  with  the  first  quarter  of  2019,  with  early  adoption  permitted.  AbbVie  will

adopt  the  standard  effective  in  the  first  quarter  of  2019  and  is  currently  assessing  the  impact  of  adopting

this  guidance  on  its  consolidated  financial  statements.

In  June  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2016-13,  Financial  Instruments—Credit  Losses  (Topic  326).  The

standard  changes  how  credit  losses  are  measured  for  most  financial  assets  and  certain  other  instruments.

For  trade  and  other  receivables,  held-to-maturity  debt  securities,  loans  and  other  financial  instruments,  the

standard  requires  the  use  of  a  new  forward-looking  ‘‘expected  credit  loss’’  model  that  generally  will  result

in  the  earlier  recognition  of  allowances  for  losses.  For  available-for-sale  debt  securities  with  unrealized

losses,  the  standard  now  requires  allowances  to  be  recorded  instead  of  reducing  the  amortized  cost  of  the

investment.  Additionally,  the  standard  requires  new  disclosures  and  will  be  effective  for  AbbVie  starting

with  the  first  quarter  of  2020.  Early  adoption  beginning  in  the  first  quarter  of  2019  is  permitted.  With

certain  exceptions,  adjustments  are  to  be  applied  using  a  modified-retrospective  approach  by  reflecting

adjustments  through  a  cumulative-effect  impact  to  retained  earnings  as  of  the  beginning  of  the  fiscal  year

of  adoption.  AbbVie  is  currently  assessing  the  impact  and  timing  of  adopting  this  guidance  on  its

consolidated  financial  statements.

In  October  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2016-16,  Income  Taxes  (Topic  740).  The  new  standard

requires  entities  to  recognize  the  income  tax  consequences  of  an  intercompany  transfer  of  an  asset  other

than  inventory  when  the  transfer  occurs.  Under  current  U.S.  GAAP,  the  income  tax  consequences  of  these

intercompany  asset  transfers  are  deferred  until  the  asset  is  sold  to  a  third  party  or  otherwise  recovered

through  use.  The  standard  will  be  effective  for  AbbVie  starting  with  the  first  quarter  of  2018.  Adjustments

for  this  update  are  to  be  applied  on  a  modified  retrospective  basis  through  a  cumulative-effect  adjustment

directly  to  retained  earnings  with  any  adjustments  reflected  as  of  the  beginning  of  the  fiscal  year  of

65

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

65

adoption.  The  company  has  completed  its  assessment  of  the  new  standard  as  of  December  31,  2017.  The

adoption  will  require  a  cumulative-effect  adjustment  to  retained  earnings  on  January  1,  2018  of

approximately  $1.8  billion  related  to  prepaid  income  tax  assets  that  will  be  affected  by  this  standard,  of

which  $1.4  billion  was  included  in  prepaid  expenses  and  other  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  of

December  31,  2017.

In  March  2017,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2017-07,  Compensation—Retirement  Benefits  (Topic  715):

Improving  the  Presentation  of  Net  Periodic  Pension  Cost  and  Net  Periodic  Postretirement  Benefit  Cost.  The

standard  requires  that  an  employer  continue  to  report  the  service  cost  component  of  net  periodic  benefit

cost  in  the  same  income  statement  line  item  or  items  as  other  employee  compensation  costs  arising  from

services  rendered  during  the  period.  The  other  components  of  net  periodic  benefit  cost  are  required  to  be

presented  separately  outside  of  income  from  operations  and  are  not  eligible  for  capitalization.  The  standard

will  be  effective  for  AbbVie  starting  with  the  first  quarter  of  2018.  Upon  adoption,  the  company  will  apply

the  income  statement  classification  provisions  of  this  standard  retrospectively  and  will  reclassify  income  of

$47  million  from  operating  earnings  to  non-operating  income  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2017.

Additionally,  the  company  preliminarily  expects  to  record  approximately  $20  million  of  non-operating

income  in  2018  which  would  have  been  recorded  in  operating  earnings  under  the  previous  guidance.

In  August  2017,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2017-12,  Derivatives  and  Hedging  (Topic  815):  Targeted

Improvements  to  Accounting  for  Hedging  Activities.  The  standard  simplifies  the  application  of  hedge

accounting  and  more  closely  aligns  the  accounting  with  an  entity’s  risk  management  activities.  AbbVie  will

early  adopt  the  standard  effective  in  the  first  quarter  of  2018  and  does  not  believe  the  adoption  will  have

a  material  impact  on  its  consolidated  financial  statements.

Note  3  Supplemental  Financial  Information

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Interest  Expense,  Net

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Interest  expense

Interest  income

Interest  expense,  net

Accounts  Payable  and  Accrued  Liabilities

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Sales  rebates

Accounts  payable

Dividends  payable

Salaries,  wages  and  commissions

Royalty  and  license  arrangements

Other

Accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities

$1,150

$1,047

$719

(146)

(82)

(33)

$1,004

$ 965

$686

2017

2016

$ 3,069

$2,887

1,474

1,407

1,143

1,028

763

514

644

434

3,263

2,979

$10,226

$9,379

66

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

66

Other  Long-Term  Liabilities

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Contingent  consideration  liabilities

Pension  and  other  post-employment  benefits

Liabilities  for  unrecognized  tax  benefits

Income  taxes  payable

Other

Other  long-term  liabilities

2017

2016

$ 4,266

$3,941

2,740

2,085

2,683

1,166

4,675

—

1,241

1,160

$15,605

$8,352

Note  4  Earnings  Per  Share

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  grants  certain  restricted  stock  awards  (RSAs)  and  restricted  stock  units  (RSUs)  that  are

considered  to  be  participating  securities.  Due  to  the  presence  of  participating  securities,  AbbVie  calculates

earnings  per  share  (EPS)  using  the  more  dilutive  of  the  treasury  stock  or  the  two-class  method.  For  all

periods  presented,  the  two-class  method  was  more  dilutive.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  impact  of  the  two-class  method:

(in  millions,  except  per  share  information)

Basic  EPS

Net  earnings

Earnings  allocated  to  participating  securities

Earnings  available  to  common  shareholders

Weighted-average  basic  shares  outstanding

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  EPS

Net  earnings

Earnings  allocated  to  participating  securities

Earnings  available  to  common  shareholders

Weighted-average  shares  of  common  stock  outstanding

Effect  of  dilutive  securities

Weighted-average  diluted  shares  outstanding

Diluted  earnings  per  share

Years  ended  December  31,

2017

2016

2015

$5,309

$5,953

$5,144

26

30

26

$5,283

$5,923

$5,118

1,596

1,622

1,625

$ 3.31

$ 3.65

$ 3.15

$5,309

$5,953

$5,144

26

30

26

$5,283

$5,923

$5,118

1,596

1,622

1,625

7

9

12

1,603

1,631

1,637

$ 3.30

$ 3.63

$ 3.13

As  further  described  in  Note  12,  AbbVie  entered  into  and  executed  an  accelerated  share  repurchase

agreement  (ASR)  with  third  party  financial  institutions  in  2016  and  2015.  For  purposes  of  calculating  EPS,

AbbVie  reflected  the  ASR  as  a  repurchase  of  AbbVie  common  stock  in  the  relevant  periods.

Certain  shares  issuable  under  stock-based  compensation  plans  were  excluded  from  the  computation  of

EPS  because  the  effect  would  have  been  antidilutive.  The  number  of  common  shares  excluded  was

insignificant  for  all  periods  presented.

Note  5  Licensing,  Acquisitions  and  Other  Arrangements

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Acquisition  of  Stemcentrx

On  June  1,  2016,  AbbVie  acquired  all  of  the  outstanding  equity  interests  in  Stemcentrx,  a  privately-held

biotechnology  company.  The  transaction  expanded  AbbVie’s  oncology  pipeline  by  adding  the  late-stage  asset

67

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

67

rovalpituzumab  tesirine  (Rova-T),  four  additional  early-stage  clinical  compounds  in  solid  tumor  indications

and  a  significant  portfolio  of  pre-clinical  assets.  Rova-T  is  currently  in  registrational  trials  for  small  cell  lung

cancer.

The  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx  was  accounted  for  as  a  business  combination  using  the  acquisition

method  of  accounting.  The  aggregate  upfront  consideration  for  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx  consisted  of

approximately  62.4  million  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock,  issued  from  common  stock  held  in  treasury,

and  cash.  AbbVie  may  make  certain  contingent  payments  upon  the  achievement  of  defined  development

and  regulatory  milestones.  As  of  the  acquisition  date,  the  maximum  aggregate  amount  payable  for

development  and  regulatory  milestones  was  $4.0  billion.  The  acquisition-date  fair  value  of  these  milestones

was  $620  million  and  was  estimated  using  a  combination  of  probability-weighted  discounted  cash  flow

models  and  Monte  Carlo  simulation  models.  The  estimate  was  determined  based  on  significant  inputs  that

are  not  observable  in  the  market,  referred  to  as  Level  3  inputs,  as  described  in  more  detail  in  Note  10.

The  following  table  summarizes  total  consideration:

(in  millions)

Cash

Fair  value  of  AbbVie  common  stock

Contingent  consideration

Total  consideration

$1,883

3,923

620

$6,426

The  following  table  summarizes  fair  values  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  as  of  the  June  1,

2016  acquisition  date:

(in  millions)

Assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed

Accounts  receivable

Prepaid  expenses  and  other

Property  and  equipment

Intangible  assets—Indefinite-lived  research  and  development

Accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities

Deferred  income  taxes

Other  long-term  liabilities

Total  identifiable  net  assets

Goodwill

Total  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed

$

1

7

17

6,100

(31)

(1,933)

(7)

4,154

2,272

$ 6,426

Intangible  assets  were  related  to  IPR&D  for  Rova-T,  four  additional  early-stage  clinical  compounds  in

solid  tumor  indications  and  several  additional  pre-clinical  compounds.  The  estimated  fair  value  of  the

acquired  IPR&D  was  determined  using  the  multi-period  excess  earnings  model  of  the  ‘‘income  approach,’’

which  is  a  valuation  technique  that  provides  an  estimate  of  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  based  on  market

participant  expectations  of  the  cash  flows  an  asset  would  generate  over  its  remaining  useful  life.  Some  of

the  more  significant  assumptions  inherent  in  the  development  of  those  asset  valuations  include  the

estimated  annual  cash  flows  for  each  asset  or  product  (including  net  revenues,  cost  of  sales,  R&D  costs,

selling  and  marketing  costs  and  working  capital/contributory  asset  charges),  the  appropriate  discount  rate  to

select  in  order  to  measure  the  risk  inherent  in  each  future  cash  flow  stream,  the  assessment  of  each

asset’s  life  cycle,  the  regulatory  approval  probabilities,  commercial  success  risks,  competitive  landscape  as

well  as  other  factors.

68

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

68

The  goodwill  recognized  represents  expected  synergies,  including  the  ability  to:  (i)  leverage  the

respective  strengths  of  each  business;  (ii)  expand  the  combined  company’s  product  portfolio;  (iii)  accelerate

AbbVie’s  clinical  and  commercial  presence  in  oncology;  and  (iv)  establish  a  strong  leadership  position  in

oncology.  Goodwill  was  also  impacted  by  the  establishment  of  a  deferred  tax  liability  for  the  acquired

identifiable  intangible  assets  which  have  no  tax  basis.  The  goodwill  is  not  deductible  for  tax  purposes.

Following  the  acquisition  date,  the  operating  results  of  Stemcentrx  have  been  included  in  the

company’s  financial  statements.  AbbVie’s  consolidated  statement  of  earnings  for  the  year  ended

December  31,  2016  included  no  net  revenues  and  an  operating  loss  of  $165  million  associated  with

Stemcentrx’s  operations.  This  operating  loss  included  $43  million  of  post-acquisition  stock-based

compensation  expense  for  Stemcentrx  options  and  excluded  interest  expense  and  certain  acquisition  costs.

Pro  Forma  Financial  Information

The  following  table  presents  the  unaudited  pro  forma  combined  results  of  operations  of  AbbVie  and

Stemcentrx  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2016  and  2015  as  if  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx  had

occurred  on  January  1,  2015:

(in  millions,  except  per  share  information)

Net  revenues

Net  earnings

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

Years  ended

December  31,

2016

2015

$25,641

$22,869

5,907

4,894

$ 3.58

$ 2.90

$ 3.56

$ 2.88

The  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  was  prepared  using  the  acquisition  method  of

accounting  and  was  based  on  the  historical  financial  information  of  AbbVie  and  Stemcentrx.  In  order  to

reflect  the  occurrence  of  the  acquisition  on  January  1,  2015  as  required,  the  unaudited  pro  forma  financial

information  includes  adjustments  to  reflect  the  additional  interest  expense  associated  with  the  issuance  of

debt  to  finance  the  acquisition  and  the  reclassification  of  acquisition,  integration  and  financing-related  costs

incurred  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2016  to  the  year  ended  December  31,  2015.  The  unaudited

pro  forma  financial  information  is  not  necessarily  indicative  of  what  the  consolidated  results  of  operations

would  have  been  had  the  acquisition  been  completed  on  January  1,  2015.  In  addition,  the  unaudited  pro

forma  financial  information  is  not  a  projection  of  the  future  results  of  operations  of  the  combined  company

nor  does  it  reflect  the  expected  realization  of  any  cost  savings  or  synergies  associated  with  the  acquisition.

Acquisition  of  BI  655066  and  BI  655064  from  Boehringer  Ingelheim

On  April  1,  2016,  AbbVie  acquired  all  rights  to  risankizumab  (BI  655066),  an  anti-IL-23  monoclonal

biologic  antibody  in  Phase  3  development  for  psoriasis,  from  Boehringer  Ingelheim  (BI)  pursuant  to  a  global

collaboration  agreement.  AbbVie  is  also  evaluating  the  potential  of  this  biologic  therapy  in  other  indications,

including  Crohn’s  disease,  psoriatic  arthritis  and  asthma.  In  addition  to  risankizumab,  AbbVie  also  gained

rights  to  an  anti-CD40  antibody,  BI  655064,  currently  in  Phase  1  development.  BI  will  retain  responsibility

for  further  development  of  BI  655064,  and  AbbVie  may  elect  to  advance  the  program  after  completion  of

certain  clinical  achievements.  The  acquired  assets  include  all  patents,  data,  know-how,  third-party

agreements,  regulatory  filings  and  manufacturing  technology  related  to  BI  655066  and  BI  655064.

The  company  concluded  that  the  acquired  assets  met  the  definition  of  a  business  and  accounted  for

the  transaction  as  a  business  combination  using  the  acquisition  method  of  accounting.  Under  the  terms  of

the  agreement,  AbbVie  made  an  upfront  payment  of  $595  million.  Additionally,  $18  million  of  payments  to

BI,  pursuant  to  a  contractual  obligation  to  reimburse  BI  for  certain  development  costs  it  incurred  prior  to

the  acquisition  date,  were  initially  deferred.  AbbVie  may  make  certain  contingent  payments  upon  the

69

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

69

achievement  of  defined  development,  regulatory  and  commercial  milestones,  as  well  as  royalty  payments

based  on  net  revenues  of  licensed  products.  As  of  the  acquisition  date,  the  maximum  aggregate  amount

payable  for  development  and  regulatory  milestones  was  approximately  $1.6  billion.  The  acquisition-date  fair

value  of  these  milestones  was  $606  million.  The  acquisition-date  fair  value  of  contingent  royalty  payments

was  $2.8  billion.  The  potential  contingent  consideration  payments  were  estimated  by  applying  a  probability-

weighted  expected  payment  model  for  contingent  milestone  payments  and  a  Monte  Carlo  simulation  model

for  contingent  royalty  payments,  which  were  then  discounted  to  present  value.  The  fair  value

measurements  were  based  on  Level  3  inputs.

The  following  table  summarizes  total  consideration:

(in  millions)

Cash

Deferred  consideration  payable

Contingent  consideration

Total  consideration

$ 595

18

3,365

$3,978

The  following  table  summarizes  fair  values  of  assets  acquired  as  of  the  April  1,  2016  acquisition  date:

(in  millions)

Assets  acquired

Identifiable  intangible  assets—Indefinite-lived  research  and  development

Goodwill

Total  assets  acquired

$3,890

88

$3,978

The  estimated  fair  value  of  the  acquired  IPR&D  was  determined  using  the  multi-period  excess  earnings

model  of  the  ‘‘income  approach.’’  The  goodwill  recognized  represents  expected  synergies,  including  an

expansion  of  the  company’s  immunology  product  portfolio.

Pro  forma  results  of  operations  for  this  acquisition  have  not  been  presented  because  this  acquisition  is

insignificant  to  AbbVie’s  consolidated  results  of  operations.

Acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics

On  May  26,  2015,  AbbVie  acquired  Pharmacyclics,  a  biopharmaceutical  company  that  develops  and

commercializes  novel  therapies  for  people  impacted  by  cancer.  Pharmacyclics  markets  IMBRUVICA

(ibrutinib),  a  Bruton’s  tyrosine  kinase  (BTK)  inhibitor,  targeting  B-cell  malignancies.

The  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  was  accounted  for  as  a  business  combination  using  the  acquisition

method  of  accounting.  The  total  consideration  for  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  consisted  of  cash  and

approximately  128  million  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock  and  is  summarized  as  follows:

(in  millions)

Cash

Fair  value  of  AbbVie  common  stock

Total  consideration

$12,365

8,405

$20,770

70

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

70

The  following  table  summarizes  the  fair  values  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  as  of  the

May  26,  2015  acquisition  date:

(in  millions)

Assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed

Cash  and  equivalents

Short-term  investments

Accounts  receivable

Inventories

Other  assets

Intangible  assets

Definite-lived  developed  product  rights

Definite-lived  license  agreements

Indefinite-lived  research  and  development

Accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities

Deferred  income  taxes

Other  long-term  liabilities

Total  identifiable  net  assets

Goodwill

Total  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed

$

877

11

106

492

212

4,590

6,780

7,180

(381)

(6,453)

(254)

13,160

7,610

$20,770

The  amortization  of  the  fair  market  value  step-up  for  acquired  inventory  was  included  in  cost  of

products  sold  and  R&D  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.  The  related  amortization  was

$58  million  in  2017,  $274  million  in  2016  and  $113  million  in  2015.

Intangible  assets  were  related  to  the  IMBRUVICA  developed  product  rights,  IPR&D  in  the  United  States

for  additional  IMBRUVICA  indications  and  the  contractual  rights  to  IMBRUVICA  profits  and  losses  outside

the  United  States  as  a  result  of  the  collaboration  agreement  with  Janssen  Biotech,  Inc.  and  its  affiliates

(Janssen),  one  of  the  Janssen  Pharmaceutical  companies  of  Johnson  &  Johnson.  See  Note  6  for  additional

information  regarding  the  collaboration  with  Janssen.  The  acquired  definite-lived  intangible  assets  are  being

amortized  over  a  weighted-average  estimated  useful  life  of  12  years  using  the  estimated  pattern  of

economic  benefit.  The  estimated  fair  value  of  the  IPR&D  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  was  determined

using  the  ‘‘income  approach.’’

The  goodwill  recognized  from  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  includes  expected  synergies,  including

the  ability  to  leverage  the  respective  strengths  of  each  business,  expanding  the  combined  company’s

product  portfolio,  acceleration  of  clinical  and  commercial  presence  in  oncology  and  establishment  of  a

strong  leadership  position  in  hematological  oncology.  The  goodwill  is  not  deductible  for  tax  purposes.

From  the  acquisition  date  through  December  31,  2015,  AbbVie’s  2015  consolidated  statement  of

earnings  included  net  revenues  of  $774  million  and  an  operating  loss  of  $519  million  associated  with

Pharmacyclics’  operations.  The  operating  loss  included  $346  million  of  acquisition-related  compensation

expense,  $261  million  of  inventory  step-up  and  intangible  asset  amortization  and  $100  million  of

transaction  and  integration  costs.  Of  these  costs,  $294  million  was  recorded  within  SG&A  expenses,

$152  million  within  R&D  expense  and  $261  million  within  cost  of  products  sold  in  the  2015  consolidated

statement  of  earnings.

71

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

71

Pro  Forma  Financial  Information

The  following  table  presents  the  unaudited  pro  forma  combined  results  of  operations  of  AbbVie  and

Pharmacyclics  for  2015  as  if  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  had  occurred  on  January  1,  2014:

year  ended  December  31  (in  millions,  except  per  share  information)

Net  revenues

Net  earnings

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

2015

$23,215

5,345

$ 3.18

$ 3.16

The  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  was  prepared  using  the  acquisition  method  of

accounting  and  was  based  on  the  historical  financial  information  of  AbbVie  and  Pharmacyclics.  In  order  to

reflect  the  occurrence  of  the  acquisition  on  January  1,  2014  as  required,  the  unaudited  pro  forma  financial

information  includes  adjustments  to  reflect  the  incremental  amortization  expense  to  be  incurred  based  on

the  fair  values  of  the  identifiable  intangible  assets  acquired;  the  incremental  cost  of  products  sold  related

to  the  fair  value  adjustments  associated  with  the  acquisition-date  inventory;  the  additional  interest  expense

associated  with  the  issuance  of  debt  to  finance  the  acquisition;  and  the  reclassification  of  acquisition,

integration  and  financing-related  costs  incurred  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2015  to  the  year

ended  December  31,  2014.  The  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  is  not  necessarily  indicative  of

what  the  consolidated  results  of  operations  would  have  been  had  the  acquisition  been  completed  on

January  1,  2014.  In  addition,  the  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  is  not  a  projection  of  the  future

results  of  operations  of  the  combined  company  nor  does  it  reflect  the  expected  realization  of  any  cost

savings  or  synergies  associated  with  the  acquisition.

Other  Licensing  &  Acquisitions  Activity

Excluding  the  acquisitions  above,  cash  outflows  related  to  other  acquisitions  and  investments  totaled

$308  million  in  2017,  $262  million  in  2016  and  $964  million  in  2015.  AbbVie  recorded  IPR&D  charges  of

$327  million  in  2017,  $200  million  in  2016  and  $150  million  in  2015.  Significant  arrangements  impacting

2017,  2016  and  2015,  some  of  which  require  contingent  milestone  payments,  are  summarized  below.

Alector,  Inc.

In  October  2017,  AbbVie  entered  into  a  global  strategic  collaboration  with  Alector,  Inc.  (Alector)  to

develop  and  commercialize  medicines  to  treat  Alzheimer’s  disease  and  other  neurodegenerative  disorders.

AbbVie  and  Alector  have  agreed  to  research  a  portfolio  of  antibody  targets  and  AbbVie  has  an  option  to

global  development  and  commercial  rights  to  two  targets.  The  terms  of  the  arrangement  included  an  initial

upfront  payment  of  $205  million,  which  was  expensed  to  IPR&D  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2017.  Alector  will

conduct  exploratory  research,  drug  discovery  and  development  for  lead  programs  up  to  the  conclusion  of

the  proof  of  concept  studies.  If  the  option  is  exercised,  AbbVie  will  lead  development  and

commercialization  activities  and  could  make  additional  payments  to  Alector  of  up  to  $986  million  upon

achievement  of  certain  development  and  regulatory  milestones.  Alector  and  AbbVie  will  co-fund

development  and  commercialization  and  will  share  global  profits  equally.

C2N  Diagnostics

In  March  2015,  AbbVie  entered  into  an  exclusive  worldwide  license  agreement  with  C2N  Diagnostics

(C2N)  to  develop  and  commercialize  anti-tau  antibodies  for  the  treatment  of  Alzheimer’s  disease  and  other

neurological  disorders.  As  part  of  the  agreement,  AbbVie  made  an  initial  upfront  payment  of  $100  million,

which  was  expensed  to  IPR&D  in  2015.  AbbVie  made  additional  payments  of  $35  million  in  both  2016  and

2017,  which  were  recorded  in  R&D  expense,  due  to  the  achievement  of  development  milestones  under  the

72

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

72

license  agreement.  Upon  the  achievement  of  certain  development,  regulatory  and  commercial  milestones,

AbbVie  could  make  additional  payments  of  up  to  $615  million,  as  well  as  royalties  on  net  revenues.

Other  Arrangements

In  addition  to  the  significant  arrangements  described  above,  AbbVie  entered  into  several  other

arrangements  resulting  in  charges  to  IPR&D  of  $122  million  in  2017,  $200  million  in  2016  and  $50  million

in  2015.  In  connection  with  the  other  individually  insignificant  early  stage  arrangements  entered  into  in

2017,  AbbVie  could  make  additional  payments  of  up  to  $2.4  billion  upon  the  achievement  of  certain

development,  regulatory  and  commercial  milestones.

Other  Activity

Priority  Review  Voucher  (PRV)

In  August  2015,  AbbVie  entered  into  an  agreement  to  purchase  a  rare  pediatric  disease  PRV  from  a

third  party.  The  PRV  entitles  AbbVie  to  receive  an  FDA  priority  review  of  a  single  New  Drug  Application  or

Biologics  License  Application,  which  reduces  the  target  review  time  and  could  lead  to  an  expedited

approval.  In  exchange  for  the  PRV,  AbbVie  made  a  payment  of  $350  million,  which  was  recorded  in  R&D

expense  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  earnings  and  as  an  operating  cash  outflow  in  the  consolidated

statement  of  cash  flows  for  2015.  AbbVie  intends  to  use  the  PRV  for  an  existing  R&D  project.

Note  6  Collaboration  with  Janssen  Biotech,  Inc.

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

In  December  2011,  Pharmacyclics  entered  into  a  worldwide  collaboration  and  license  agreement  with

Janssen  for  the  joint  development  and  commercialization  of  IMBRUVICA,  a  novel,  orally  active,  selective

covalent  inhibitor  of  BTK  and  certain  compounds  structurally  related  to  IMBRUVICA,  for  oncology  and  other

indications,  excluding  all  immune  and  inflammatory  mediated  diseases  or  conditions  and  all  psychiatric  or

psychological  diseases  or  conditions,  in  the  United  States  and  outside  the  United  States.

The  collaboration  provides  Janssen  with  an  exclusive  license  to  commercialize  IMBRUVICA  outside  of

the  United  States  and  co-exclusively  with  AbbVie  in  the  United  States.  Both  parties  are  responsible  for  the

development,  manufacturing  and  marketing  of  any  products  generated  as  a  result  of  the  collaboration.  The

collaboration  has  no  set  duration  or  specific  expiration  date  and  provides  for  potential  future  development,

regulatory  and  approval  milestone  payments  of  up  to  $200  million  to  AbbVie.  The  collaboration  also

includes  a  cost  sharing  arrangement  for  associated  collaboration  activities.  Except  in  certain  cases,  Janssen

is  responsible  for  approximately  60%  of  collaboration  development  costs  and  AbbVie  is  responsible  for  the

remaining  40%  of  collaboration  development  costs.

In  the  United  States,  both  parties  have  co-exclusive  rights  to  commercialize  the  products;  however,

AbbVie  is  the  principal  in  the  end  customer  product  sales.  AbbVie  and  Janssen  share  pre-tax  profits  and

losses  equally  from  the  commercialization  of  products.  Sales  of  IMBRUVICA  are  included  in  AbbVie’s  net

revenues.  Janssen’s  share  of  profits  is  included  in  AbbVie’s  cost  of  products  sold.  Other  costs  incurred  under

the  collaboration  are  reported  in  their  respective  expense  line  items,  net  of  Janssen’s  share.

Outside  the  United  States,  Janssen  is  responsible  for  and  has  exclusive  rights  to  commercialize

IMBRUVICA.  AbbVie  and  Janssen  share  pre-tax  profits  and  losses  equally  from  the  commercialization  of

products.  AbbVie’s  share  of  profits  is  included  in  AbbVie’s  net  revenues.  Other  costs  incurred  under  the

collaboration  are  reported  in  their  respective  expense  line  items,  net  of  Janssen’s  share.

73

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

73

The  following  table  shows  the  profit  and  cost  sharing  relationship  between  Janssen  and  AbbVie:

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

United  States—Janssen’s  share  of  profits  (included  in  cost  of  products  sold)

$1,001

$735

$306

International—AbbVie’s  share  of  profits  (included  in  net  revenues)

Global—AbbVie’s  share  of  other  costs  (included  in  respective  line  items)

429

288

252

262

95

159

Note  7  Goodwill  and  Intangible  Assets

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Goodwill

The  following  table  summarizes  the  changes  in  the  carrying  amount  of  goodwill:

(in  millions)

Balance  as  of  December  31,  2015

Additions  (see  Note  5)

Foreign  currency  translation

Balance  as  of  December  31,  2016

Foreign  currency  translation

Balance  as  of  December  31,  2017

$13,168

2,360

(112)

15,416

369

$15,785

The  latest  impairment  assessment  of  goodwill  was  completed  in  the  third  quarter  of  2017.  As  of

December  31,  2017,  there  were  no  accumulated  goodwill  impairment  losses.  Future  impairment  tests  for

goodwill  will  be  performed  annually  in  the  third  quarter,  or  earlier  if  impairment  indicators  exist.

Intangible  Assets,  Net

The  following  table  summarizes  intangible  assets:

2017

2016

Gross

Net

Gross

Net

carrying

Accumulated

carrying

carrying

Accumulated

carrying

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

amount

amortization

amount

amount

amortization

amount

Definite-lived  intangible  assets

Developed  product  rights

$16,138

$(4,982)

$11,156

$16,464

$(4,256)

$12,208

License  agreements

7,822

(1,409)

6,413

7,809

(1,110)

6,699

Total  definite-lived  intangible  assets

23,960

(6,391)

17,569

24,273

(5,366)

18,907

Indefinite-lived  research  and

development

9,990

—

9,990

9,990

—

9,990

Total  intangible  assets,  net

$33,950

$(6,391)

$27,559

$34,263

$(5,366)

$28,897

Definite-lived  intangible  assets  are  amortized  over  their  estimated  useful  lives,  which  range  between  2

to  16  years  with  an  average  of  12  years  for  developed  product  rights  and  11  years  for  license  agreements.

Amortization  expense  was  $1.1  billion  in  2017,  $764  million  in  2016  and  $419  million  in  2015  and  was

included  in  cost  of  products  sold  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.  The  anticipated  annual

amortization  expense  for  definite-lived  intangible  assets  recorded  as  of  December  31,  2017  is  as  follows:

(in  billions)

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Anticipated  annual  amortization  expense

$1.3

$1.5

$1.7

$1.9

$2.1

74

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

74

In  2017,  an  impairment  charge  of  $354  million  was  recorded  related  to  ZINBRYTA  that  reduced  both

the  gross  carrying  amount  and  net  carrying  amount  of  the  underlying  intangible  assets  due  to  lower

expected  future  cash  flows  for  the  product.  In  2016,  an  impairment  charge  of  $39  million  was  recorded

related  to  certain  developed  product  rights  in  the  United  States  due  to  a  decline  in  the  market  for  the

product.  In  2015,  no  intangible  asset  impairment  charges  were  recorded.  The  2017  and  2016  impairment

charges  were  based  on  discounted  cash  flow  analyses  and  were  included  in  cost  of  products  sold  in  the

consolidated  statements  of  earnings.

Indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  represent  acquired  IPR&D  associated  with  products  that  have  not  yet

received  regulatory  approval.  Indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  2016  related  to

the  acquisitions  of  Stemcentrx  and  BI  compounds.  See  Note  5  for  additional  information.  The  latest

impairment  assessment  of  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  was  completed  in  the  third  quarter  of  2017.  No

impairment  charges  were  recorded  in  2017,  2016  and  2015.  Future  impairment  tests  for  indefinite-lived

intangible  assets  will  be  performed  annually  in  the  third  quarter,  or  earlier  if  impairment  indicators  exist.

Note  8  Restructuring  Plans

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  continuously  evaluates  its  operations  to  identify  opportunities  to  optimize  its  manufacturing

and  R&D  operations,  commercial  infrastructure  and  administrative  costs  and  to  respond  to  changes  in  its

business  environment,  for  example,  in  conjunction  with  the  loss  and  expected  loss  of  exclusivity  of  certain

products.  As  a  result,  AbbVie  management  periodically  approves  individual  restructuring  plans  to  achieve

these  objectives.  In  2017,  2016  and  2015,  no  such  plans  were  individually  significant.  Restructuring  charges

recorded  were  $86  million  in  2017,  $52  million  in  2016  and  $138  million  in  2015  and  were  primarily  related

to  employee  severance  and  contractual  obligations.  These  charges  were  recorded  in  cost  of  products  sold,

R&D  expense  and  SG&A  expenses  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings  based  on  classification  of  the

affected  employees  or  operations.

The  following  summarizes  the  cash  activity  in  the  restructuring  reserve  for  2017,  2016  and  2015:

(in  millions)

Accrued  balance  at  December  31,  2014

2015  restructuring  charges

Payments  and  other  adjustments

Accrued  balance  at  December  31,  2015

2016  restructuring  charges

Payments  and  other  adjustments

Accrued  balance  at  December  31,  2016

2017  restructuring  charges

Payments  and  other  adjustments

Accrued  balance  at  December  31,  2017

$ 122

126

(100)

148

52

(113)

87

86

(87)

$ 86

75

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

75

Note  9  Debt,  Credit  Facilities  and  Commitments  and  Contingencies

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  following  table  summarizes  long-term  debt:

as  of  December  31  (dollars  in  millions)

Senior  notes  issued  in  2012

2.00%  notes  due  2018

2.90%  notes  due  2022

4.40%  notes  due  2042

Senior  notes  issued  in  2015

1.80%  notes  due  2018

2.50%  notes  due  2020

3.20%  notes  due  2022

3.60%  notes  due  2025

4.50%  notes  due  2035

4.70%  notes  due  2045

Senior  notes  issued  in  2016

2.30%  notes  due  2021

2.85%  notes  due  2023

3.20%  notes  due  2026

4.30%  notes  due  2036

4.45%  notes  due  2046

Senior  Euro  notes  issued  in  2016

0.38%  notes  due  2019  (e1,400  principal)
1.38%  notes  due  2024  (e1,450  principal)
2.13%  notes  due  2028  (e750  principal)

Term  loan  facilities

Effective

interest  rate

in  2017

(a)

2.15%

2.97%

4.46%

1.92%

2.65%

3.28%

3.66%

4.58%

4.73%

2.40%

2.91%

3.28%

4.37%

4.50%

0.55%

1.46%

2.18%

2017

1,000

3,100

2,600

3,000

3,750

1,000

3,750

2,500

2,700

1,800

1,000

2,000

1,000

2,000

1,673

1,733

896

Effective

interest  rate

in  2016

(a)

2.15%

2.97%

4.46%

1.92%

2.65%

3.28%

3.66%

4.58%

4.73%

2.40%

2.91%

3.28%

4.37%

4.50%

0.55%

1.46%

2.18%

2016

1,000

3,100

2,600

3,000

3,750

1,000

3,750

2,500

2,700

1,800

1,000

2,000

1,000

2,000

1,464

1,516

784

Floating  rate  notes  due  2018

2.26%

2,000

1.64%

2,000

Other

Fair  value  hedges

Unamortized  bond  discounts

Unamortized  deferred  financing  costs

Total  long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations

Current  portion

Noncurrent  portion

110

(401)

(97)

(146)

36,968

6,015

$30,953

113

(338)

(110)

(164)

36,465

25

$36,440

(a) Excludes  the  effect  of  any  related  interest  rate  swaps.

In  November  2016,  the  company  issued  e3.6  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior

Euro  notes.  These  senior  notes  rank  equally  with  all  other  unsecured  and  unsubordinated  indebtedness  of

the  company.  AbbVie  may  redeem  the  senior  notes  prior  to  maturity  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  the

principal  amount  of  the  senior  notes  redeemed  plus  a  make-whole  premium.  AbbVie  may  redeem  the

senior  notes  at  par  between  one  and  three  months  prior  to  maturity.  In  connection  with  the  offering,  debt

issuance  costs  totaled  $17  million  and  debt  discounts  incurred  totaled  $9  million  and  are  being  amortized

over  the  respective  terms  of  the  senior  notes  to  interest  expense,  net  in  the  consolidated  statements  of

earnings.  The  company  used  the  proceeds  to  redeem  $4.0  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  1.75%

senior  notes  that  were  due  to  mature  in  November  2017.  As  a  result  of  this  redemption,  the  company

incurred  a  charge  of  $39  million  ($25  million  after  tax)  related  to  the  make-whole  premium,  write-off  of

unamortized  debt  issuance  costs  and  other  expenses.  The  charge  was  recorded  in  interest  expense,  net  in

the  consolidated  statement  of  earnings.

76

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

76

In  May  2016,  the  company  issued  $7.8  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior  notes.

These  senior  notes  rank  equally  with  all  other  unsecured  and  unsubordinated  indebtedness  of  the  company.

AbbVie  may  redeem  the  senior  notes  prior  to  maturity  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  the  principal  amount

of  the  senior  notes  redeemed  plus  a  make-whole  premium.  AbbVie  may  redeem  the  senior  notes  at  par

between  one  and  six  months  prior  to  maturity.  In  connection  with  the  offering,  debt  issuance  costs  totaled

$52  million  and  debt  discounts  incurred  totaled  $29  million  and  are  being  amortized  over  the  respective

terms  of  the  senior  notes  to  interest  expense,  net  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.  Of  the

$7.7  billion  net  proceeds,  $2.0  billion  was  used  to  repay  the  company’s  outstanding  term  loan  that  was  due

to  mature  in  November  2016,  approximately  $1.9  billion  was  used  to  finance  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx

and  approximately  $3.8  billion  was  used  to  finance  an  ASR  with  a  third  party  financial  institution.  See

Note  5  for  additional  information  related  to  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx  and  Note  12  for  additional

information  related  to  the  ASR.

In  September  2015,  AbbVie  entered  into  a  $2.0  billion  three-year  term  loan  credit  agreement  and  a

$2.0  billion  364-day  term  loan  credit  agreement  (collectively,  the  term  loan  facilities).  In  November  2015,

AbbVie  drew  on  these  term  loan  facilities  and  used  the  proceeds  to  refinance  its  $4.0  billion  of  senior

notes  that  matured  in  November  2015.  In  connection  with  the  May  2016  unsecured  senior  notes  issuance,

AbbVie  repaid  the  364-day  term  loan  credit  agreement.  The  borrowings  under  the  term  loan  facilities  bear

interest  at  variable  rates  which  are  adjusted  based  on  AbbVie’s  public  debt  ratings.

In  May  2015,  the  company  issued  $16.7  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior  notes.

The  senior  notes  rank  equally  with  all  other  unsecured  and  unsubordinated  indebtedness  of  the  company.

AbbVie  may  redeem  the  senior  notes  prior  to  maturity  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  the  principal  amount

of  the  senior  notes  redeemed  plus  a  make-whole  premium  and,  except  for  the  1.80%  notes  due  2018,

AbbVie  may  redeem  the  senior  notes  at  par  between  one  and  six  months  prior  to  maturity.  Debt  issuance

costs  incurred  in  connection  with  the  offering  totaled  $93  million  and  are  being  amortized  over  the

respective  terms  of  the  senior  notes  to  interest  expense,  net  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.

Approximately  $11.5  billion  of  the  net  proceeds  were  used  to  finance  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  and

approximately  $5.0  billion  of  the  net  proceeds  were  used  to  finance  an  ASR  with  a  third  party  financial

institution.  See  Note  5  for  additional  information  related  to  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics  and  Note  12

for  additional  information  related  to  the  ASR.

In  March  2015,  AbbVie  entered  into  an  $18.0  billion  bridge  loan  in  support  of  the  then  planned

acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics.  No  amounts  were  drawn  under  the  bridge  loan,  which  was  terminated  as  a

result  of  the  company’s  May  2015  senior  notes  issuance.  Interest  expense,  net  in  2015  included  $86  million

of  costs  related  to  the  bridge  loan.

AbbVie  has  outstanding  $6.7  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  unsecured  senior  notes  which  were

issued  in  2012.  AbbVie  may  redeem  all  of  the  senior  notes  of  each  series,  at  any  time,  or  some  of  the

senior  notes  of  each  series,  from  time  to  time,  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  the  principal  amount  of  the

senior  notes  redeemed  plus  a  make-whole  premium.

At  December  31,  2017,  the  company  was  in  compliance  with  its  senior  note  covenants  and  term  loan

covenants.

Short-Term  Borrowings

Short-term  borrowings  included  commercial  paper  borrowings  of  $400  million  at  December  31,  2017

and  $377  million  at  December  31,  2016.  The  weighted-average  interest  rate  on  commercial  paper

borrowings  was  1.3%  in  2017,  0.6%  in  2016  and  0.3%  in  2015.

In  October  2014,  AbbVie  entered  into  a  $3.0  billion  five-year  revolving  credit  facility,  which  matures  in

October  2019.  The  revolving  credit  facility  enables  the  company  to  borrow  funds  on  an  unsecured  basis  at

variable  interest  rates  and  contains  various  covenants.  At  December  31,  2017,  the  company  was  in

77

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

77

compliance  with  all  its  credit  facility  covenants.  Commitment  fees  under  AbbVie’s  revolving  credit  facilities

were  insignificant  in  2017,  2016  and  2015.  No  amounts  were  outstanding  under  the  credit  facility  as  of

December  31,  2017  and  December  31,  2016.

Maturities  of  Long-Term  Debt  and  Capital  Lease  Obligations

The  following  table  summarizes  AbbVie’s  future  minimum  lease  payments  under  non-cancelable

operating  leases,  debt  maturities  and  future  minimum  lease  payments  for  capital  lease  obligations  as  of

December  31,  2017:

as  of  and  for  the  years  ending  December  31  (in  millions)

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Thereafter

Total  obligations  and  commitments

Fair  value  hedges,  unamortized  bond  discounts  and  deferred  financing  costs

Operating

Debt  maturities

leases

and  capital  leases

$143

$ 6,026

126

109

85

66

428

957

1,698

3,771

1,836

4,102

20,179

37,612

(644)

Total  long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations

$957

$36,968

Lease  expense  was  $169  million  in  2017,  $159  million  in  2016  and  $146  million  in  2015.  AbbVie’s

operating  leases  generally  include  renewal  options  and  provide  for  the  company  to  pay  taxes,  maintenance,

insurance  and  other  operating  costs  of  the  leased  property.  As  of  December  31,  2017,  annual  future

minimum  lease  payments  for  capital  lease  obligations  were  insignificant.

Contingencies  and  Guarantees

In  connection  with  the  separation,  AbbVie  has  indemnified  Abbott  for  all  liabilities  resulting  from  the

operation  of  AbbVie’s  business  other  than  income  tax  liabilities  with  respect  to  periods  prior  to  the

distribution  date  and  other  liabilities  as  agreed  to  by  AbbVie  and  Abbott.  AbbVie  has  no  material  exposures

to  off-balance  sheet  arrangements  and  no  special-purpose  entities.  In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,

AbbVie  has  periodically  entered  into  third-party  agreements,  such  as  the  assignment  of  product  rights,

which  have  resulted  in  AbbVie  becoming  secondarily  liable  for  obligations  for  which  AbbVie  had  previously

been  primarily  liable.  Based  upon  past  experience,  the  likelihood  of  payments  under  these  agreements  is

remote.

Note  10  Financial  Instruments  and  Fair  Value  Measures

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Risk  Management  Policy

The  company  is  exposed  to  foreign  currency  exchange  rate  and  interest  rate  risks  related  to  its

business  operations.  AbbVie’s  hedging  policy  attempts  to  manage  these  risks  to  an  acceptable  level  based

on  the  company’s  judgment  of  the  appropriate  trade-off  between  risk,  opportunity  and  costs.  The  company

uses  derivative  and  nonderivative  instruments  to  reduce  its  exposure  to  foreign  currency  exchange  rates.

AbbVie  also  periodically  enters  into  interest  rate  swaps,  in  which  the  company  agrees  to  exchange,  at

specified  intervals,  the  difference  between  fixed  and  floating  interest  amounts  calculated  by  reference  to  an

agreed-upon  notional  amount.  Derivative  instruments  are  not  used  for  trading  purposes  or  to  manage

exposure  to  changes  in  interest  rates  for  investment  securities,  and  none  of  the  company’s  outstanding

derivative  instruments  contain  credit  risk  related  contingent  features;  collateral  is  generally  not  required.

78

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

78

Financial  Instruments

Various  AbbVie  foreign  subsidiaries  enter  into  foreign  currency  forward  exchange  contracts  to  manage

exposures  to  changes  in  foreign  exchange  rates  for  anticipated  intercompany  transactions  denominated  in  a

currency  other  than  the  functional  currency  of  the  local  entity.  These  contracts,  with  notional  amounts

totaling  $2.2  billion  at  December  31,  2017  and  $2.2  billion  at  December  31,  2016,  are  designated  as  cash

flow  hedges  and  are  recorded  at  fair  value.  The  durations  of  these  forward  exchange  contracts  were

generally  less  than  eighteen  months.  Accumulated  gains  and  losses  as  of  December  31,  2017  will  be

reclassified  from  AOCI  and  included  in  cost  of  products  sold  at  the  time  the  products  are  sold,  generally  not

exceeding  six  months  from  the  date  of  settlement.

The  company  also  enters  into  foreign  currency  forward  exchange  contracts  to  manage  its  exposure  to

foreign  currency  denominated  trade  payables  and  receivables  and  intercompany  loans.  These  contracts  are

not  designated  as  hedges  and  are  recorded  at  fair  value.  Resulting  gains  or  losses  are  reflected  in  net

foreign  exchange  loss  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings  and  are  generally  offset  by  losses  or  gains

on  the  foreign  currency  exposure  being  managed.  These  contracts  had  notional  amounts  totaling

$7.7  billion  at  December  31,  2017  and  $6.6  billion  at  December  31,  2016.

The  company  also  uses  foreign  currency  forward  exchange  contracts  or  foreign  currency  denominated

debt  to  hedge  its  net  investments  in  certain  foreign  subsidiaries  and  affiliates.  In  the  fourth  quarter  of
2016,  the  company  issued  e3.6  billion  aggregate  principal  amount  of  senior  Euro  notes  and  designated  the

principal  amounts  of  this  foreign  denominated  debt  as  net  investment  hedges.  Concurrently,  the  company
settled  foreign  currency  forward  exchange  contracts  with  aggregate  notional  amounts  of  e3.5  billion  that

were  designated  as  net  investment  hedges.

AbbVie  is  a  party  to  interest  rate  hedge  contracts  designated  as  fair  value  hedges  with  notional

amounts  totaling  $11.8  billion  at  December  31,  2017  and  $11.8  billion  at  December  31,  2016.  The  effect  of

the  hedge  contracts  is  to  change  a  fixed-rate  interest  obligation  to  a  floating  rate  for  that  portion  of  the

debt.  AbbVie  records  the  contracts  at  fair  value  and  adjusts  the  carrying  amount  of  the  fixed-rate  debt  by

an  offsetting  amount.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  amounts  and  location  of  AbbVie’s  derivative  instruments  on  the

consolidated  balance  sheets:

Fair  value  -

Fair  value  -

Derivatives  in  asset  position

Derivatives  in  liability  position

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Balance  sheet  caption 2017 2016 Balance  sheet  caption 2017 2016

Foreign  currency  forward  exchange  contracts

Designated  as  cash  flow  hedges

Prepaid  expenses  and  other $ 1 $170 Accounts  payable  and

Not  designated  as  hedges

Prepaid  expenses  and  other

22

55 Accounts  payable  and

accrued  liabilities $120 $

5

accrued  liabilities

29

33

Interest  rate  swaps  designated  as  fair  value  hedges

Prepaid  expenses  and  other —

— Accounts  payable  and

accrued  liabilities

8 —

Interest  rate  swaps  designated  as  fair  value  hedges

Other  assets —

—

Other  long-term

liabilities 393 338

Total  derivatives

$23 $225

$550 $376

While  certain  derivatives  are  subject  to  netting  arrangements  with  the  company’s  counterparties,  the

company  does  not  offset  derivative  assets  and  liabilities  within  the  consolidated  balance  sheets.

79

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

79

The  following  table  presents  the  pre-tax  amounts  of  gains  (losses)  from  derivative  instruments

recognized  in  other  comprehensive  loss:

2017

Net

2016

Net

2015

Net

years  ended  December  31  (in

Cash  Flow Investment

Cash  Flow Investment

Cash  Flow Investment

millions)

Hedges

Hedges

Total

Hedges

Hedges

Total

Hedges

Hedges

Total

Foreign  currency  forward

exchange  contracts

$(250)

$— $(250) $174

$118

$292

$122

$— $122

The  amount  of  hedge  ineffectiveness  was  insignificant  for  all  periods  presented.  Assuming  market  rates

remain  constant  through  contract  maturities,  the  company  expects  to  transfer  pre-tax  unrealized  losses  of

$174  million  into  cost  of  products  sold  for  foreign  currency  cash  flow  hedges  during  the  next  12  months.

The  company  recognized,  in  other  comprehensive  loss,  pre-tax  losses  of  $537  million  in  2017  and

pre-tax  gains  of  $101  million  in  2016  related  to  non-derivative,  foreign  currency  denominated  debt

designated  as  net  investment  hedges.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  pre-tax  amounts  and  location  of  derivative  instrument  net  gains

(losses)  recognized  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings,  including  the  effective  portions  of  the  net

gains  (losses)  reclassified  out  of  AOCI  into  net  earnings.  See  Note  12  for  the  amount  of  net  gains  (losses)

reclassified  out  of  AOCI.

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

Statement  of  earnings  caption

2017

2016

2015

Foreign  currency  forward  exchange  contracts

Designated  as  cash  flow  hedges

Cost  of  products  sold

$118

$ 20

$ 265

Not  designated  as  hedges

Net  foreign  exchange  loss

(96)

6

(155)

Non-designated  treasury  rate  lock  agreements

Other  expense,  net

—

(12)

—

Interest  rate  swaps  designated  as  fair  value  hedges

Interest  expense,  net

(63)

(266)

108

Total

$ (41) $(252) $ 218

The  gain  (loss)  related  to  outstanding  interest  rate  swaps  designated  as  fair  value  hedges  is  recognized

in  interest  expense,  net  and  directly  offsets  the  (loss)  gain  on  the  underlying  hedged  item,  the  fixed-rate

debt,  resulting  in  no  net  impact  to  interest  expense,  net  for  all  periods  presented.

Fair  Value  Measures

The  fair  value  hierarchy  consists  of  the  following  three  levels:

• Level  1—Valuations  based  on  unadjusted  quoted  prices  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  that  the

company  has  the  ability  to  access;

• Level  2—Valuations  based  on  quoted  prices  for  similar  instruments  in  active  markets,  quoted  prices

for  identical  or  similar  instruments  in  markets  that  are  not  active  and  model-based  valuations  in

which  all  significant  inputs  are  observable  in  the  market;  and

• Level  3—Valuations  using  significant  inputs  that  are  unobservable  in  the  market  and  include  the  use

of  judgment  by  the  company’s  management  about  the  assumptions  market  participants  would  use  in

pricing  the  asset  or  liability.

80

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

80

The  following  table  summarizes  the  bases  used  to  measure  certain  assets  and  liabilities  that  were

carried  at  fair  value  on  a  recurring  basis  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  of  December  31,  2017:

(in  millions)

Assets

Cash  and  equivalents

Debt  securities

Equity  securities

Foreign  currency  contracts

Total  assets

Liabilities

Interest  rate  hedges

Foreign  currency  contracts

Contingent  consideration

Basis  of  fair  value  measurement

Significant

Quoted  prices  in

other

Significant

active  markets  for

observable

unobservable

identical  assets

inputs

Inputs

Total

(Level  1)

(Level  2)

(Level  3)

$ 9,303

$849

$ 8,454

$ —

2,524

4

23

—

4

—

2,524

—

23

—

—

—

$11,854

$853

$11,001

$ —

$

401

$ —

$

401

$ —

149

4,534

—

—

149

—

—

4,534

Total  liabilities

$ 5,084

$ —

$

550

$4,534

The  following  table  summarizes  the  bases  used  to  measure  certain  assets  and  liabilities  that  were

carried  at  fair  value  on  a  recurring  basis  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  of  December  31,  2016:

(in  millions)

Assets

Basis  of  fair  value  measurement

Significant

Quoted  prices  in

other

Significant

active  markets  for

observable

unobservable

identical  assets

inputs

Inputs

Total

(Level  1)

(Level  2)

(Level  3)

Cash  and  equivalents

$5,100

$1,191

$3,909

$ —

Time  deposits

Debt  securities

Equity  securities

Foreign  currency  contracts

Total  assets

Liabilities

Interest  rate  hedges

Foreign  currency  contracts

Contingent  consideration

1,014

1,974

76

225

—

—

76

—

1,014

1,974

—

225

—

—

—

—

$8,389

$1,267

$7,122

$ —

$ 338

$ —

$ 338

$ —

38

4,213

—

—

38

—

—

4,213

Total  liabilities

$4,589

$ —

$ 376

$4,213

The  fair  values  of  time  deposits  approximate  their  amortized  cost  due  to  the  short  maturities  of  these

instruments.  The  fair  values  of  available-for-sale  debt  securities  were  determined  based  on  prices  obtained

from  commercial  pricing  services.  Available-for-sale  equity  securities  consists  of  investments  for  which  the

fair  values  were  determined  by  using  the  published  market  price  per  unit  multiplied  by  the  number  of  units

held,  without  consideration  of  transaction  costs.  The  derivatives  entered  into  by  the  company  were  valued

using  publicized  spot  curves  for  interest  rate  hedges  and  publicized  forward  curves  for  foreign  currency

contracts.  The  fair  value  measurements  of  the  contingent  consideration  liabilities  were  determined  based  on

significant  unobservable  inputs,  including  the  discount  rate,  estimated  probabilities  and  timing  of  achieving

81

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

81

specified  development,  regulatory  and  commercial  milestones  and  the  estimated  amount  of  future  sales  of

the  acquired  products  still  in  development.  Changes  to  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent  consideration

liabilities  can  result  from  changes  to  one  or  a  number  of  inputs,  including  discount  rates,  the  probabilities

of  achieving  the  milestones,  the  time  required  to  achieve  the  milestones  and  estimated  future  sales.

Significant  judgment  is  employed  in  determining  the  appropriateness  of  these  inputs.  Changes  to  the  inputs

described  above  could  have  a  material  impact  on  the  company’s  financial  position  and  results  of  operations

in  any  given  period.  At  December  31,  2017,  a  50  basis  point  increase/decrease  in  the  assumed  discount

rate  would  have  decreased/increased  the  value  of  the  contingent  consideration  liabilities  by  approximately

$170  million.  Additionally,  at  December  31,  2017,  a  five  percentage  point  increase/decrease  in  the  assumed

probability  of  success  across  all  potential  indications  would  have  increased/decreased  the  value  of  the

contingent  consideration  liabilities  by  approximately  $390  million.

There  have  been  no  transfers  of  assets  or  liabilities  between  the  fair  value  measurement  levels.  The

following  table  presents  the  changes  in  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities  which  are  measured

using  Level  3  inputs:

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

Beginning  balance

Additions  (See  Note  5)

Change  in  fair  value  recognized  in  net  earnings

Milestone  payments

Ending  balance

2017

2016

$4,213

$ —

— 3,985

626

(305)

228

—

$4,534

$4,213

The  change  in  fair  value  recognized  in  net  earnings  was  recorded  in  other  expense,  net  in  the

consolidated  statements  of  earnings  in  2017  and  2016.

In  addition  to  the  financial  instruments  that  the  company  carries  at  fair  value  on  the  consolidated

balance  sheets,  certain  financial  instruments  are  carried  at  historical  cost  or  some  basis  other  than  fair

value.  The  book  values,  approximate  fair  values  and  bases  used  to  measure  the  approximate  fair  values  of

certain  financial  instruments  as  of  December  31,  2017  are  shown  in  the  table  below:

Basis  of  fair  value  measurement

Quoted  prices

in  active

Significant

markets  for

other

Significant

identical

observable

unobservable

Book  Value

fair  values

(Level  1)

(Level  2)

(Level  3)

Approximate

assets

inputs

Inputs

$

$

48

48

$

$

48

48

$

$

—

—

$ —

$ —

$48

$48

(in  millions)

Assets

Investments

Total  assets

Liabilities

Short-term  borrowings

$

400

$

400

$

—

$ 400

$ —

Current  portion  of  long-term  debt  and

lease  obligations,  excluding  fair  value

hedges

6,023

6,034

4,004

2,030

Long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations,

excluding  fair  value  hedges

31,346

32,846

32,763

83

—

—

Total  liabilities

$37,769

$39,280

$36,767

$2,513

$ —

82

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

82

The  book  values,  approximate  fair  values  and  bases  used  to  measure  the  approximate  fair  values  of

certain  financial  instruments  as  of  December  31,  2016  are  shown  in  the  table  below:

Basis  of  fair  value  measurement

Quoted  prices

in  active

Significant

markets  for

other

Significant

identical

observable

unobservable

Book  Value

fair  values

(Level  1)

(Level  2)

(Level  3)

Approximate

assets

inputs

Inputs

$

$

42

42

$

$

42

42

$

$

—

—

$

$

5

5

$37

$37

(in  millions)

Assets

Investments

Total  assets

Liabilities

Short-term  borrowings

$

377

$

377

$

—

$ 377

$ —

Current  portion  of  long-term  debt  and

lease  obligations,  excluding  fair  value

hedges

25

25

—

25

Long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations,

excluding  fair  value  hedges

36,778

36,664

34,589

2,075

—

—

Total  liabilities

$37,180

$37,066

$34,589

$2,477

$ —

Investments  primarily  consist  of  cost  method  investments,  for  which  the  company  takes  into

consideration  recent  transactions  and  financial  information  of  the  investee,  which  represents  a  Level  3  basis

of  fair  value  measurement.  The  fair  values  of  short-term  borrowings  approximate  the  carrying  values  due  to

the  short  maturities  of  these  instruments.

The  fair  values  of  long-term  debt,  excluding  fair  value  hedges  and  the  term  loans,  were  determined  by

using  the  published  market  price  for  the  debt  instruments,  without  consideration  of  transaction  costs,

which  represents  a  Level  1  basis  of  fair  value  measurement.  The  fair  values  of  the  term  loans  were

determined  based  on  a  discounted  cash  flow  analysis  using  quoted  market  rates,  which  represents  a  Level  2

basis  of  fair  value  measurement.  The  counterparties  to  financial  instruments  consist  of  select  major

international  financial  institutions.

Available-for-sale  Securities

Substantially  all  of  the  company’s  investments  in  debt  and  equity  securities  were  classified  as

available-for-sale.  Debt  securities  classified  as  short-term  were  $482  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and

$309  million  as  of  December  31,  2016.  Long-term  debt  securities  mature  primarily  within  five  years.

Estimated  fair  values  of  available-for-sale  securities  were  based  on  prices  obtained  from  commercial  pricing

services.

The  following  table  summarizes  available-for-sale  securities  by  type  as  of  December  31,  2017:

(in  millions)

Amortized  Cost

Gains

Losses

Fair  Value

Gross

unrealized

Asset  backed  securities

Corporate  debt  securities

Other  debt  securities

Equity  securities

Total

$ 930

$ 1

$(3)

$ 928

1,451

144

4

4

—

2

(2)

(1)

(2)

1,453

143

4

$2,529

$ 7

$(8)

$2,528

83

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

83

The  following  table  summarizes  available-for-sale  securities  by  type  as  of  December  31,  2016:

(in  millions)

Amortized  Cost

Gains

Losses

Fair  Value

Gross

unrealized

Asset  backed  securities

Corporate  debt  securities

Other  debt  securities

Equity  securities

Total

$ 891

$ 1

$(4)

$ 888

961

127

18

1

—

60

(2)

(1)

(2)

960

126

76

$1,997

$62

$(9)

$2,050

AbbVie  had  no  other-than-temporary  impairments  as  of  December  31,  2017.  Net  realized  gains  were

$90  million  in  2017.  Net  realized  gains  in  2016  and  2015  were  insignificant.

Concentrations  of  Risk

The  company  invests  excess  cash  in  time  deposits,  money  market  funds  and  debt  securities  to  diversify

the  concentration  of  cash  among  different  financial  institutions.  The  company  has  established  credit

exposure  limits  and  monitors  concentrations  of  credit  risk  associated  with  financial  institution  deposits.

The  functional  currency  of  the  company’s  Venezuela  operations  is  the  U.S.  dollar  due  to  the

hyperinflationary  status  of  the  Venezuelan  economy.  During  the  first  quarter  of  2016,  in  consideration  of

declining  economic  conditions  in  Venezuela  and  a  decline  in  transactions  settled  at  the  official  rate,  AbbVie

determined  that  its  net  monetary  assets  denominated  in  the  Venezuelan  bolivar  (VEF)  were  no  longer

expected  to  be  settled  at  the  official  rate  of  10  VEF  per  U.S.  dollar,  but  rather  at  the  Divisa  Complementaria

(DICOM)  rate.  Therefore,  during  the  first  quarter  of  2016,  AbbVie  recorded  a  charge  of  $298  million  to  net

foreign  exchange  loss  to  revalue  its  bolivar-denominated  net  monetary  assets  using  the  DICOM  rate  then  in

effect  of  approximately  270  VEF  per  U.S.  dollar.  As  of  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  AbbVie’s  net  monetary

assets  in  Venezuela  were  insignificant.

AbbVie  continues  to  do  business  with  foreign  governments  in  certain  countries,  including  Greece,

Portugal,  Italy  and  Spain,  which  have  historically  experienced  challenges  in  credit  and  economic  conditions.

Substantially  all  of  AbbVie’s  trade  receivables  in  Greece,  Portugal,  Italy  and  Spain  are  with  government

health  systems.  Outstanding  governmental  receivables  in  these  countries,  net  of  allowances  for  doubtful

accounts,  totaled  $255  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  $244  million  as  of  December  31,  2016.  The

company  also  continues  to  do  business  with  foreign  governments  in  certain  oil-exporting  countries  that

have  experienced  a  deterioration  in  economic  conditions,  including  Saudi  Arabia  and  Russia,  which  may

result  in  delays  in  the  collection  of  receivables.  Outstanding  governmental  receivables  related  to  Saudi

Arabia,  net  of  allowances  for  doubtful  accounts,  were  $149  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and

$122  million  at  December  31,  2016.  Outstanding  governmental  receivables  related  to  Russia,  net  of

allowances  for  doubtful  accounts,  were  $152  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  $110  million  as  of

December  31,  2016.  Global  economic  conditions  and  customer-specific  factors  may  require  the  company  to

periodically  re-evaluate  the  collectability  of  its  receivables  and  the  company  could  potentially  incur  credit

losses.

Of  total  net  accounts  receivable,  three  U.S.  wholesalers  accounted  for  56%  as  of  December  31,  2017

and  51%  as  of  December  31,  2016,  and  substantially  all  of  AbbVie’s  net  revenues  in  the  United  States  were

to  these  three  wholesalers.

HUMIRA  (adalimumab)  is  AbbVie’s  single  largest  product  and  accounted  for  approximately  65%  of

AbbVie’s  total  net  revenues  in  2017,  63%  in  2016  and  61%  in  2015.

84

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

84

Note  11  Post-Employment  Benefits

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  sponsors  various  pension  and  other  post-employment  benefit  plans,  including  defined  benefit,

defined  contribution  and  termination  indemnity  plans,  which  cover  most  employees  worldwide.  In  addition,

AbbVie  provides  medical  benefits,  primarily  to  eligible  retirees  in  the  United  States  and  Puerto  Rico,

through  other  post-retirement  benefit  plans.  Net  obligations  for  these  plans  have  been  reflected  on  the

consolidated  balance  sheets  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  2016.

AbbVie’s  principal  domestic  defined  benefit  plan  is  the  AbbVie  Pension  Plan.  AbbVie  made  voluntary

contributions  of  $150  million  in  2017,  2016  and  2015  to  this  plan.  In  2018,  AbbVie  plans  to  make  voluntary

contributions  to  its  various  defined  benefit  plans  in  excess  of  $750  million.

The  following  table  summarizes  benefit  plan  information  for  the  global  AbbVie-sponsored  defined

benefit  and  other  post-employment  plans:

as  of  and  for  the  years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2017

2016

Defined

post-employment

benefit  plans

plans

Other

Projected  benefit  obligations

Beginning  of  period

Service  cost

Interest  cost

Employee  contributions

Actuarial  loss

Benefits  paid

$ 5,829

$ 5,387

$ 627

$ 557

236

204

2

714

210

201

1

26

24

—

313

149

(173)

(163)

(15)

25

24

—

33

(12)

—

Other,  primarily  foreign  currency  translation  adjustments

173

(120)

2

End  of  period

6,985

5,829

813

627

Fair  value  of  plan  assets

Beginning  of  period

Actual  return  on  plan  assets

Company  contributions

Employee  contributions

Benefits  paid

4,572

4,174

684

246

2

383

273

1

—

—

15

—

—

—

12

—

(173)

(163)

(15)

(12)

Other,  primarily  foreign  currency  translation  adjustments

68

(96)

End  of  period

5,399

4,572

—

—

—

—

Funded  status,  end  of  period

$(1,586) $(1,257)

$(813)

$(627)

Amounts  recognized  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheets

Other  assets

$

388

$

240

$ —

$ —

Accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities

(32)

(25)

(15)

(14)

Other  long-term  liabilities

(1,942)

(1,472)

(798)

(613)

Net  obligation

$(1,586) $(1,257)

$(813)

$(627)

Actuarial  loss,  net

Prior  service  cost  (credit)

$ 2,471

$ 2,118

$ 320

$ 179

12

14

(29)

(37)

Accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss

$ 2,483

$ 2,132

$ 291

$ 142

The  projected  benefit  obligations  (PBO)  in  the  table  above  included  $2.0  billion  at  December  31,  2017

and  $1.7  billion  at  December  31,  2016,  related  to  international  defined  benefit  plans.

85

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

85

For  plans  reflected  in  the  table  above,  the  accumulated  benefit  obligations  (ABO)  were  $6.3  billion  at

December  31,  2017  and  $5.3  billion  at  December  31,  2016.  For  those  plans  reflected  in  the  table  above  in

which  the  ABO  exceeded  plan  assets  at  December  31,  2017,  the  ABO  was  $3.8  billion,  the  PBO  was

$4.4  billion  and  aggregate  plan  assets  were  $2.5  billion.

Amounts  Recognized  in  Other  Comprehensive  Loss

The  following  table  summarizes  the  pre-tax  gains  and  losses  included  in  other  comprehensive  loss:

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Defined  benefit  plans

Actuarial  loss  (gain)

Amortization  of  actuarial  loss  and  prior  service  cost

Foreign  exchange  gain  (loss)

$ 412

$284

$(117)

(107)

(85)

(127)

46

(22)

(37)

Total  pre-tax  loss  (gain)  recognized  in  other  comprehensive  loss

$ 351

$177

$(281)

Other  post-employment  plans

Actuarial  loss  (gain)

Amortization  of  actuarial  loss  and  prior  service  cost  (credit)

$ 149

$ 33

$ (17)

—

—

(2)

Total  pre-tax  loss  (gain)  recognized  in  other  comprehensive  loss

$ 149

$ 33

$ (19)

The  pre-tax  amount  of  actuarial  loss  and  prior  service  cost  included  in  AOCI  at  December  31,  2017

that  is  expected  to  be  recognized  in  net  periodic  benefit  cost  in  2018  is  $149  million  for  defined  benefit

plans  and  $14  million  for  other  post-employment  plans.

Net  Periodic  Benefit  Cost

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Defined  benefit  plans

Service  cost

Interest  cost

Expected  return  on  plan  assets

Amortization  of  actuarial  loss  and  prior  service  cost

Net  periodic  benefit  cost

Other  post-employment  plans

Service  cost

Interest  cost

Amortization  of  actuarial  loss  and  prior  service  cost

Net  periodic  benefit  cost

$ 236

$ 210

$ 227

204

201

219

(382)

(354)

(325)

107

85

127

$ 165

$ 142

$ 248

$ 26

$ 25

$ 25

24

—

24

—

23

2

$ 50

$ 49

$ 50

Weighted-Average  Assumptions  Used  in  Determining  Benefit  Obligations  at  the  Measurement  Date

as  of  December  31

Defined  benefit  plans

Discount  rate

Rate  of  compensation  increases

Other  post-employment  plans

Discount  rate

2017

2016

3.4% 3.9%

4.5% 4.4%

3.9% 4.7%

86

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

86

The  assumptions  used  in  calculating  the  December  31,  2017  measurement  date  benefit  obligations  will

be  used  in  the  calculation  of  net  periodic  benefit  cost  in  2018.

Weighted-Average  Assumptions  Used  in  Determining  Net  Periodic  Benefit  Cost

years  ended  December  31

Defined  benefit  plans

Discount  rate  for  determining  service  cost

Discount  rate  for  determining  interest  cost

Expected  long-term  rate  of  return  on  plan  assets

Expected  rate  of  change  in  compensation

Other  post-employment  plans

Discount  rate  for  determining  service  cost

Discount  rate  for  determining  interest  cost

2017

2016

2015

3.9%

4.4%

3.9%

3.7%

4.0%

3.9%

7.8%

7.9%

7.8%

4.4%

4.4%

4.4%

4.9%

5.1%

4.5%

4.1%

4.3%

4.5%

Effective  December  31,  2015,  AbbVie  elected  to  change  the  method  it  uses  to  estimate  the  service  and

interest  cost  components  of  net  periodic  benefit  costs.  Historically,  AbbVie  estimated  these  service  and

interest  cost  components  of  this  expense  utilizing  a  single  weighted-average  discount  rate  derived  from  the

yield  curve  used  to  measure  the  benefit  obligation  at  the  beginning  of  the  period.  In  late  2015,  AbbVie

elected  to  utilize  a  full  yield  curve  approach  in  the  estimation  of  these  components  by  applying  the  specific

spot  rates  along  the  yield  curve  used  in  the  determination  of  the  benefit  obligation  to  the  relevant

projected  cash  flows.  AbbVie  elected  to  make  this  change  to  provide  a  more  precise  measurement  of

service  and  interest  costs  by  improving  the  correlation  between  projected  benefit  cash  flows  to  the

corresponding  spot  yield  curve  rates.  AbbVie  accounted  for  this  change  prospectively  as  a  change  in

accounting  estimate  that  is  inseparable  from  a  change  in  accounting  principle.  This  change  reduced  AbbVie’s

net  periodic  benefit  cost  by  approximately  $41  million  in  2016.  This  change  had  no  effect  on  the  2015

expense  and  did  not  affect  the  measurement  of  AbbVie’s  total  benefit  obligations.

For  the  December  31,  2017  post-retirement  health  care  obligations  remeasurement,  the  company

assumed  a  7.7%  pre-65  (9.5%  post-65)  annual  rate  of  increase  in  the  per  capita  cost  of  covered  health  care

benefits.  The  rate  was  assumed  to  decrease  gradually  to  4.5%  in  2050  and  remain  at  that  level  thereafter.

For  purposes  of  measuring  the  2017  post-retirement  health  care  costs,  the  company  assumed  a  6.8%

pre-65  (7.8%  post-65)  annual  rate  of  increase  in  the  per  capita  cost  of  covered  health  care  benefits.  The

rate  was  assumed  to  decrease  gradually  to  4.5%  for  2064  and  remain  at  that  level  thereafter.

Assumed  health  care  cost  trend  rates  have  a  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  reported  for  health  care

plans.  As  of  December  31,  2017,  a  one  percentage  point  change  in  assumed  health  care  cost  trend  rates

would  have  the  following  effects:

year  ended  December  31,  2017  (in  millions)  (brackets  denote  a  reduction)

Increase

Decrease

Service  cost  and  interest  cost

Projected  benefit  obligation

$ 11

$

(9)

183

(140)

One  percentage

point

87

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

87

Defined  Benefit  Pension  Plan  Assets

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Equities

U.S.  large  cap

(a)

U.S.  mid  cap

(b)

International

(c)

Fixed  income  securities

U.S.  government  securities

(d)

Corporate  debt  instruments

(d)

Non-U.S.  government  securities

(d)

Other

(d)

Absolute  return  funds

(e)

Real  assets

Other

(f)

Total

Basis  of  fair  value  measurement

Quoted  prices  in

Significant  other

Significant

active  markets  for

observable

unobservable

identical  assets

2017

(Level  1)

inputs

(Level  2)

inputs

(Level  3)

$ 597

$ 597

$ —

$—

74

63

110

238

59

265

262

7

40

74

63

6

132

25

260

4

7

40

—

—

104

106

34

5

258

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

$1,715

$1,208

$507

$—

Total  assets  measured  at  NAV

Fair  value  of  plan  assets

3,684

$5,399

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Equities

U.S.  large  cap

(a)

U.S.  mid  cap

(b)

International

(c)

Fixed  income  securities

U.S.  government  securities

(d)

Corporate  debt  instruments

(d)

Non-U.S.  government  securities

(d)

Other

(d)

Absolute  return  funds

(e)

Real  assets

Other

(f)

Total

Basis  of  fair  value  measurement

Quoted  prices  in

Significant  other

Significant

active  markets  for

observable

unobservable

identical  assets

2016

(Level  1)

inputs

(Level  2)

inputs

(Level  3)

$ 519

$ 519

$ —

$—

63

97

94

243

32

184

228

31

61

63

97

—

162

30

179

3

31

61

—

—

94

81

2

5

225

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

$1,552

$1,145

$407

$—

Total  assets  measured  at  NAV

Fair  value  of  plan  assets

3,020

$4,572

(a) A  mix  of  index  funds  and  actively  managed  equity  accounts  that  are  benchmarked  to  various  large  cap

indices.

(b) A  mix  of  index  funds  and  actively  managed  equity  accounts  that  are  benchmarked  to  various  mid  cap

indices.

88

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

88

(c) A  mix  of  index  funds  and  actively  managed  equity  accounts  that  are  benchmarked  to  various  non-U.S.

equity  indices  in  both  developed  and  emerging  markets.

(d) Securities  held  by  actively  managed  accounts,  index  funds  and  mutual  funds.

(e) Primarily  funds  having  global  mandates  with  the  flexibility  to  allocate  capital  broadly  across  a  wide

range  of  asset  classes  and  strategies,  including  but  not  limited  to  equities,  fixed  income,  commodities,

financial  futures,  currencies  and  other  securities,  with  objectives  to  outperform  agreed  upon

benchmarks  of  specific  return  and  volatility  targets.

(f)

Investments  in  cash  and  cash  equivalents.

Equities  and  registered  investment  companies  having  quoted  prices  are  valued  at  the  published  market

prices.  Fixed  income  securities  that  are  valued  using  significant  other  observable  inputs  are  quoted  at  prices

obtained  from  independent  financial  service  industry-recognized  vendors.  Investments  held  in  pooled

investment  funds,  common  collective  trusts  or  limited  partnerships  are  valued  at  the  net  asset  value  (NAV)

practical  expedient  to  estimate  fair  value.  The  NAV  is  provided  by  the  fund  administrator  and  is  based  on

the  value  of  the  underlying  assets  owned  by  the  fund  minus  its  liabilities.

The  investment  mix  of  equity  securities,  fixed  income  and  other  asset  allocation  strategies  is  based

upon  achieving  a  desired  return,  balancing  higher  return,  more  volatile  equity  securities  and  lower  return,

less  volatile  fixed  income  securities.  Investment  allocations  are  established  for  each  plan  and  are  generally

made  across  a  range  of  markets,  industry  sectors,  capitalization  sizes  and  in  the  case  of  fixed  income

securities,  maturities  and  credit  quality.  The  target  investment  allocations  for  the  AbbVie  Pension  Plan  is

35%  in  equity  securities,  20%  in  fixed  income  securities  and  45%  in  asset  allocation  strategies  and  other

holdings.  There  are  no  known  significant  concentrations  of  risk  in  the  plan  assets  of  the  AbbVie  Pension

Plan  or  of  any  other  plans.

The  expected  return  on  plan  assets  assumption  for  each  plan  is  based  on  management’s  expectations

of  long-term  average  rates  of  return  to  be  achieved  by  the  underlying  investment  portfolio.  In  establishing

this  assumption,  management  considers  historical  and  expected  returns  for  the  asset  classes  in  which  the

plans  are  invested,  as  well  as  current  economic  and  capital  market  conditions.

Expected  Benefit  Payments

The  following  table  summarizes  total  benefit  payments  expected  to  be  paid  to  plan  participants

including  payments  funded  from  both  plan  and  company  assets:

years  ending  December  31  (in  millions)

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Defined

post-employment

benefit  plans

plans

Other

$ 192

$ 16

206

218

232

246

19

20

22

24

2023  to  2027

1,474

153

Defined  Contribution  Plan

AbbVie’s  principal  defined  contribution  plan  is  the  AbbVie  Savings  Plan.  AbbVie  recorded  expense  of

$82  million  in  2017,  $75  million  in  2016  and  $73  million  in  2015  related  to  this  plan.  AbbVie  provides

certain  other  post-employment  benefits,  primarily  salary  continuation  arrangements,  to  qualifying

employees  and  accrues  for  the  related  cost  over  the  service  lives  of  the  employees.

89

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

89

Note  12  Equity

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stock-Based  Compensation

AbbVie  grants  stock-based  awards  to  eligible  employees  pursuant  to  the  AbbVie  2013  Incentive  Stock

Program  (2013  ISP),  which  provides  for  several  different  forms  of  benefits,  including  nonqualified  stock

options,  RSAs,  RSUs  and  various  performance-based  awards.  Under  the  2013  ISP,  100  million  shares  of

AbbVie  common  stock  were  reserved  for  issuance  as  awards  to  AbbVie  employees.  The  2013  ISP  also

facilitated  the  assumption  of  certain  awards  granted  under  Abbott’s  incentive  stock  program,  which  were

adjusted  and  converted  into  Abbott  and  AbbVie  stock-based  awards  as  a  result  of  AbbVie’s  separation  from

Abbott.

AbbVie  measures  compensation  expense  for  stock-based  awards  based  on  the  grant  date  fair  value  of

the  awards  and  the  estimated  number  of  awards  that  are  expected  to  vest.  Forfeitures  are  estimated  based

on  historical  experience  at  the  time  of  grant  and  are  revised  in  subsequent  periods  if  actual  forfeitures

differ  from  those  estimates.  Compensation  cost  for  stock-based  awards  is  amortized  over  the  service  period,

which  could  be  shorter  than  the  vesting  period  if  an  employee  is  retirement  eligible.  Retirement  eligible

employees  generally  are  those  who  are  age  55  or  older  and  have  at  least  ten  years  of  service.

Stock-based  compensation  expense  is  principally  related  to  awards  issued  pursuant  to  the  2013  ISP  and

is  summarized  as  follows:

(in  millions)

Cost  of  products  sold

Research  and  development

Selling,  general  and  administrative

Pre-tax  compensation  expense

Tax  benefit

After-tax  compensation  expense

Years  ended

December  31,

2017

2016

2015

$ 23

$ 22

$ 21

159

183

365

73

193

181

396

104

111

150

282

89

$292

$292

$193

Stock-based  compensation  expense  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2016  also  included  the

post-combination  impact  related  to  Stemcentrx  options.  See  Note  5  for  additional  information  related  to  the

Stemcentrx  acquisition.

The  realized  excess  tax  benefits  associated  with  stock-based  compensation  totaled  $71  million  in  2017,

$55  million  in  2016  and  $61  million  in  2015.  Beginning  in  2017,  all  excess  tax  benefits  associated  with

stock-based  awards  are  recognized  in  the  statement  of  earnings  when  the  awards  vest  or  settle,  rather  than

in  stockholders’  equity  as  a  result  of  the  adoption  of  a  new  accounting  pronouncement.  See  Note  2  for

additional  information  regarding  the  adoption  of  this  new  accounting  pronouncement.

Stock  Options

Stock  options  awarded  pursuant  to  the  2013  ISP  typically  have  a  contractual  term  of  10  years  and

generally  vest  in  one-third  increments  over  a  three-year  period.  The  exercise  price  is  equal  to  at  least  100%

of  the  market  value  on  the  date  of  grant.  The  fair  value  is  determined  using  the  Black-Scholes  model.  The

weighted-average  grant-date  fair  values  of  stock  options  granted  were  $9.80  in  2017,  $9.29  in  2016  and

$9.96  in  2015.

90

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

90

The  following  table  summarizes  AbbVie  stock  option  activity  in  2017:

Weighted-

average

Weighted-

average

remaining

Aggregate

(options  in  thousands,  aggregate  intrinsic  value  in  millions)

Options

exercise  price

life  (in  years)

intrinsic  value

Outstanding  at  December  31,  2016

15,962

$33.63

3.7

$463

Granted

Exercised

Lapsed

1,241

61.36

(8,836)

30.06

(51)

32.58

Outstanding  at  December  31,  2017

8,316

$41.69

Exercisable  at  December  31,  2017

5,661

$35.51

5.1

3.6

$458

$346

The  total  intrinsic  value  of  options  exercised  was  $371  million  in  2017,  $325  million  in  2016  and

$216  million  in  2015.  The  total  fair  value  of  options  vested  during  2017  was  $32  million.  On  June  1,  2016,

AbbVie  issued  stock  options  for  1.1  million  AbbVie  shares  to  holders  of  unvested  Stemcentrx  options  as  a

result  of  the  conversion  of  such  options  in  connection  with  the  Stemcentrx  acquisition.  These  options  were

fair-valued  using  a  lattice  valuation  model.  See  Note  5  for  additional  information  related  to  the  Stemcentrx

acquisition.

As  of  December  31,  2017,  $14  million  of  unrecognized  compensation  cost  related  to  stock  options  is

expected  to  be  recognized  as  expense  over  approximately  the  next  two  years.

RSAs,  RSUs  and  Performance  Shares

RSUs  awarded  to  employees  other  than  senior  executives  and  other  key  employees  pursuant  to  the

2013  ISP  generally  vest  in  one-third  increments  over  a  three  year  period.  Recipients  of  these  RSUs  are

entitled  to  receive  dividend  equivalents  as  dividends  are  declared  and  paid  during  the  RSU  vesting  period.

The  majority  of  the  equity  awards  AbbVie  grants  to  its  senior  executives  and  other  key  employees

under  the  2013  ISP  are  performance-based.  Such  awards  granted  before  2016  consisted  of  RSAs  (or  RSUs  to

the  extent  necessary  for  global  employees)  that  generally  vest  in  one-third  increments  over  a  three-to-five

year  period,  with  vesting  contingent  upon  AbbVie  achieving  a  minimum  annual  return  on  equity  (ROE).

Recipients  are  entitled  to  receive  dividends  (or  dividend  equivalents  for  RSUs)  as  dividends  are  declared  and

paid  during  the  award  vesting  period.

In  2016,  AbbVie  redesigned  certain  aspects  of  its  long-term  incentive  program.  As  a  result,  equity

awards  granted  in  2016  and  2017  to  senior  executives  and  other  key  employees  consisted  of  a  combination

of  performance-vested  RSUs  and  performance  shares.  The  performance-vested  RSUs  have  the  potential  to

vest  in  one-third  increments  during  a  three-year  performance  period  based  on  AbbVie’s  ROE  relative  to  a

defined  peer  group  of  pharmaceutical,  biotech  and  life  sciences  companies.  The  recipient  may  receive  one

share  of  AbbVie  common  stock  for  each  vested  award.  The  performance  shares  have  the  potential  to  vest

over  a  three-year  performance  period  and  may  be  earned  based  on  AbbVie’s  EPS  achievement  and  AbbVie’s

total  stockholder  return  (TSR)  (a  market  condition)  relative  to  a  defined  peer  group  of  pharmaceutical,

biotech  and  life  sciences  companies.  Dividend  equivalents  on  performance-vested  RSUs  and  performance

shares  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  payable  at  vesting  only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are

earned.

The  weighted-average  grant-date  fair  value  of  RSAs,  RSUs  and  performance  shares  generally  is

determined  based  on  the  number  of  shares/units  granted  and  the  quoted  price  of  AbbVie’s  common  stock

on  the  date  of  grant.  The  weighted-average  grant-date  fair  values  of  performance  shares  with  a  TSR  market

condition  are  determined  using  the  Monte  Carlo  simulation  model.

91

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

91

The  following  table  summarizes  AbbVie  RSA,  RSU  and  performance  share  activity  for  2017:

(share  units  in  thousands)

Outstanding  at  December  31,  2016

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Share  units

grant  date  fair  value

Weighted-average

10,715

6,109

(5,532)

(610)

$56.47

61.89

56.34

59.50

Outstanding  at  December  31,  2017

10,682

$59.47

The  fair  market  value  of  RSAs,  RSUs  and  performance  shares  (as  applicable)  vested  was  $348  million  in

2017,  $362  million  in  2016  and  $335  million  in  2015.

As  of  December  31,  2017,  $250  million  of  unrecognized  compensation  cost  related  to  RSAs,  RSUs  and

performance  shares  is  expected  to  be  recognized  as  expense  over  approximately  the  next  two  years.

Cash  Dividends

The  following  table  summarizes  quarterly  cash  dividends  declared  for  the  years  ended  December  31,

2017  and  2016:

Date  Declared

Payment  Date

Dividend  Per  Share

Date  Declared

Payment  Date

Dividend  Per  Share

2017

2016

10/27/17

09/08/17

06/22/17

02/16/17

02/15/18

11/15/17

08/15/17

05/15/17

$0.71

$0.64

$0.64

$0.64

10/28/16

02/15/17

09/09/16

11/15/16

06/16/16

08/15/16

02/18/16

05/16/16

$0.64

$0.57

$0.57

$0.57

On  February  15,  2018,  AbbVie  announced  that  its  board  of  directors  declared  an  increase  in  the

company’s  quarterly  cash  dividend  from  $0.71  per  share  to  $0.96  per  share  beginning  with  the  dividend

payable  on  May  15,  2018  to  stockholders  of  record  as  of  April  13,  2018.

Stock  Repurchase  Program

The  company’s  stock  repurchase  authorization  permits  purchases  of  AbbVie  shares  from  time  to  time

in  open-market  or  private  transactions  at  management’s  discretion.  The  program  has  no  time  limit  and  can

be  discontinued  at  any  time.  Shares  repurchased  under  these  programs  are  recorded  at  acquisition  cost,

including  related  expenses  and  are  available  for  general  corporate  purposes.  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors

authorized  increases  to  its  existing  stock  repurchase  program  of  $4.0  billion  in  April  2016  in  anticipation  of

executing  an  ASR  in  connection  with  the  Stemcentrx  acquisition  and  of  $5.0  billion  in  March  2015  in

anticipation  of  executing  an  ASR  in  connection  with  the  Pharmacyclics  acquisition.  The  following  table

shows  details  about  AbbVie’s  ASR  transactions:

(shares  in  millions,  repurchase  amounts  in  billions)

Execution  date

05/26/15

06/01/16

Purchase

delivery  of

Final  delivery

Initial

amount

shares

of  shares

Related  acquisition

$5.0

3.8

68.1

54.4

5.0

5.4

Pharmacyclics

Stemcentrx

On  February  16,  2017,  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  authorized  a  $5.0  billion  increase  to  AbbVie’s

existing  stock  repurchase  program.  AbbVie’s  remaining  share  repurchase  authorization  was  $4.0  billion  as  of

December  31,  2017.

92

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

92

On  February  15,  2018,  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  authorized  a  new  $10.0  billion  stock  repurchase

program,  which  superseded  AbbVie’s  previous  stock  repurchase  program.  The  new  stock  repurchase

program  permits  purchases  of  AbbVie  shares  from  time  to  time  in  open-market  or  private  transactions,

including  accelerated  share  repurchases,  at  management’s  discretion.  The  program  has  no  time  limit  and

can  be  discontinued  at  any  time.

In  addition  to  the  ASRs,  AbbVie  repurchased  on  the  open  market  approximately  13  million  shares  for

$1.0  billion  in  2017,  34  million  shares  for  $2.1  billion  in  2016  and  46  million  shares  for  $2.8  billion  in  2015.

Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Loss

The  following  table  summarizes  the  changes  in  each  component  of  AOCI,  net  of  tax,  for  2017,  2016

and  2015:

Foreign

Net

Pension

currency

investment

and  post-

Marketable

Cash

flow

translation

hedging

employment

security

hedging

(in  millions)  (brackets  denote  losses)

adjustments

activities

benefits

activities

activities

Total

Balance  as  of  December  31,  2014

$ (603)

$ —

$(1,608)

$ 3

$ 177

$(2,031)

Other  comprehensive  income  (loss)

before  reclassifications

(667)

—

147

48

122

(350)

Net  losses  (gains)  reclassified  from

accumulated  other  comprehensive

loss

—

Net  current-period  other

comprehensive  income  (loss)

(667)

Balance  as  of  December  31,  2015

(1,270)

—

—

—

Other  comprehensive  income  (loss)

83

(4)

(259)

(180)

230

(1,378)

44

47

(137)

(530)

40

(2,561)

before  reclassifications

(165)

140

(194)

7

160

(52)

Net  losses  (gains)  reclassified  from

accumulated  other  comprehensive

loss

—

—

59

(8)

(24)

27

Net  current-period  other

comprehensive  income  (loss)

(165)

Balance  as  of  December  31,  2016

(1,435)

Other  comprehensive  income  (loss)

140

140

(135)

(1,513)

(1)

46

136

(25)

176

(2,586)

before  reclassifications

680

(343)

(480)

29

(230)

(344)

Net  losses  (gains)  reclassified  from

accumulated  other  comprehensive

loss

316

—

74

(75)

(112)

203

Net  current-period  other

comprehensive  income  (loss)

996

(343)

(406)

(46)

(342)

(141)

Balance  as  of  December  31,  2017

$ (439)

$(203)

$(1,919)

$ —

$(166)

$(2,727)

In  2017,  AbbVie  reclassified  $316  million  of  historical  currency  translation  losses  from  AOCI  related  to

the  liquidation  of  certain  foreign  entities  following  the  enactment  of  U.S.  tax  reform.  These  losses  were

included  in  net  foreign  exchange  loss  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  earnings  and  had  no  related  income

tax  impacts.  Other  comprehensive  loss  in  2017  also  included  foreign  currency  translation  adjustments

totaling  a  gain  of  $680  million,  which  was  principally  due  to  the  impact  of  the  strengthening  of  the  Euro  on

the  translation  of  the  company’s  Euro-denominated  assets.  Other  comprehensive  loss  in  2016  included

93

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

93

foreign  currency  translation  adjustments  totaling  a  loss  of  $165  million,  which  was  principally  due  to  the

impact  of  the  weakening  of  the  Euro  on  the  translation  of  the  company’s  Euro-denominated  assets.  Other

comprehensive  loss  in  2015  included  foreign  currency  translation  adjustments  totaling  a  loss  of

$667  million,  which  was  principally  driven  by  the  impact  of  the  weakening  of  the  Euro  on  the  translation  of

the  company’s  Euro-denominated  assets.

The  table  below  presents  the  impact  on  AbbVie’s  consolidated  statements  of  earnings  for  significant

amounts  reclassified  out  of  each  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss:

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)  (brackets  denote  gains)

2017

2016

2015

Pension  and  post-employment  benefits

Amortization  of  actuarial  losses  and  other

(a)

Tax  benefit

Total  reclassifications,  net  of  tax

Cash  flow  hedging  activities

Losses  (gains)  on  designated  cash  flow  hedges

(b)

Tax  expense  (benefit)

Total  reclassifications,  net  of  tax

$ 107

$ 85

$ 129

(33)

(26)

(46)

$ 74

$ 59

$ 83

$(118) $(20) $(265)

6

(4)

6

$(112) $(24) $(259)

(a) Amounts  are  included  in  the  computation  of  net  periodic  benefit  cost  (see  Note  11).

(b) Amounts  are  included  in  cost  of  products  sold  (see  Note  10).

Other

In  addition  to  common  stock,  AbbVie’s  authorized  capital  includes  200  million  shares  of  preferred

stock,  par  value  $0.01.  As  of  December  31,  2017,  no  shares  of  preferred  stock  were  issued  or  outstanding.

Note  13  Income  Taxes

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Earnings  Before  Income  Tax  Expense

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Domestic

Foreign

$ (2,678) $(1,651) $(1,038)

10,405

9,535

7,683

Total  earnings  before  income  tax  expense

$ 7,727

$ 7,884

$ 6,645

Income  Tax  Expense

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

Current

Domestic

Foreign

Total  current  taxes

Deferred

Domestic

Foreign

Total  deferred  taxes

Total  income  tax  expense

$ 6,204

$2,229

$1,036

376

498

313

$ 6,580

$2,727

$1,349

$(4,898) $ (792) $ 141

736

(4)

11

$(4,162) $ (796) $ 152

$ 2,418

$1,931

$1,501

94

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

94

Impacts  Related  to  U.S.  Tax  Reform

The  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act  (the  ‘‘Act’’)  was  signed  into  law  in  December  2017,  resulting  in  significant

changes  to  the  U.S.  corporate  tax  system.  The  Act  reduces  the  U.S.  federal  corporate  tax  rate  from  35%  to

21%,  requires  companies  to  pay  a  onetime  transition  tax  on  a  mandatory  deemed  repatriation  of  earnings

of  certain  foreign  subsidiaries  that  were  previously  untaxed  and  creates  new  taxes  on  certain  foreign

sourced  earnings.  These  changes  are  effective  beginning  in  2018.

Prior  to  the  enactment  of  the  Act,  the  company  did  not  provide  deferred  income  taxes  on

undistributed  earnings  of  foreign  subsidiaries  that  were  indefinitely  reinvested  for  continued  use  in  foreign

operations.  Due  to  the  provision  of  the  Act  that  requires  a  one-time  deemed  repatriation  of  earnings  of

foreign  subsidiaries,  the  company  no  longer  considers  those  earnings  to  be  indefinitely  reinvested.  The

transition  tax  expense  on  the  one-time  mandatory  repatriation  of  previously  untaxed  earnings  of  foreign

subsidiaries  was  $4.5  billion,  generally  payable  in  eight  annual  installments.

Additionally,  the  company  remeasured  certain  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  based  on  tax  rates  at

which  they  are  expected  to  reverse  in  the  future.  The  net  tax  benefit  of  U.S.  tax  reform  from  the

remeasurement  of  deferred  taxes  related  to  the  Act  and  foreign  tax  law  changes  was  $3.6  billion.

Given  the  complexity  of  the  Act  and  anticipated  guidance  from  the  U.S.  Treasury  about  implementing

the  Act,  the  company’s  analysis  and  accounting  for  the  tax  effects  of  the  Act  is  preliminary.  As  a  direct

result  of  the  Act,  the  company  recorded  $4.5  billion  of  transition  tax  expense,  as  well  as  $4.1  billion  of  net

tax  benefit  for  deferred  tax  remeasurement.  Both  of  these  amounts  are  provisional  estimates,  as  the

company  has  not  fully  completed  its  analysis  and  calculation  of  foreign  earnings  subject  to  the  transition

tax  or  its  analysis  of  certain  other  aspects  of  the  Act  that  could  result  in  adjustments  to  the

remeasurement  of  deferred  tax  balances.  Upon  completion  of  the  analysis  in  2018,  these  estimates  may  be

adjusted  through  income  tax  expense  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  earnings.

Effective  Tax  Rate  Reconciliation

years  ended  December  31

Statutory  tax  rate

Effect  of  foreign  operations

U.S.  tax  credits

Impacts  related  to  U.S.  tax  reform

Tax  law  change  related  to  foreign  currency

All  other,  net

Effective  tax  rate

2017

2016

2015

35.0% 35.0% 35.0%

(12.2)

(10.3)

(9.4)

(4.0)

(4.4)

(4.5)

12.0

—

0.5

—

2.4

1.8

—

—

1.5

31.3% 24.5% 22.6%

The  effective  income  tax  rate  fluctuates  year  to  year  due  to  the  allocation  of  the  company’s  taxable

earnings  among  jurisdictions,  as  well  as  certain  discrete  factors  and  events  in  each  year,  including  changes

in  tax  law,  acquisitions  and  collaborations.  The  effective  income  tax  rates  in  2017,  2016  and  2015  differed

from  the  statutory  tax  rate  principally  due  to  changes  in  enacted  tax  rates  and  laws,  the  benefit  from

foreign  operations  which  reflects  the  impact  of  lower  income  tax  rates  in  locations  outside  the  United

States,  tax  incentives  in  Puerto  Rico  and  other  foreign  tax  jurisdictions,  business  development  activities  and

the  cost  of  repatriation  decisions.  The  effective  tax  rates  for  these  periods  also  reflected  the  benefit  from

U.S.  tax  credits  principally  related  to  research  and  development  credits,  the  orphan  drug  tax  credit  and

Puerto  Rico  excise  tax  credits.  The  Puerto  Rico  excise  tax  credits  relate  to  legislation  enacted  by  Puerto  Rico

that  assesses  an  excise  tax  on  certain  products  manufactured  in  Puerto  Rico.  The  tax  is  levied  on  gross

inventory  purchases  from  entities  in  Puerto  Rico  and  is  included  in  cost  of  products  sold  in  the  consolidated

statements  of  earnings.  The  majority  of  the  tax  is  creditable  for  U.S.  income  tax  purposes.

95

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

95

The  effective  income  tax  rate  in  2017  included  impacts  related  to  U.S.  tax  reform.  In  addition,  in  2017,

the  company  recognized  a  net  tax  benefit  of  $91  million  related  to  the  resolution  of  various  tax  positions

pertaining  to  prior  years.

The  effective  income  tax  rate  in  2016  included  additional  expense  of  $187  million  related  to  the

recognition  of  the  tax  effect  of  regulations  issued  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  on  December  7,  2016

that  changed  the  determination  of  the  U.S.  taxability  of  foreign  currency  gains  and  losses  related  to  certain

foreign  operations.

The  effective  income  tax  rate  in  2015  included  a  tax  benefit  of  $103  million  from  a  reduction  of  state

valuation  allowances.

Deferred  Tax  Assets  and  Liabilities

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

Deferred  tax  assets

2017

2016

Compensation  and  employee  benefits

$

556

$

718

Accruals  and  reserves

Chargebacks  and  rebates

Deferred  revenue

Net  operating  losses  and  other  credit  carryforwards

Other

Total  deferred  tax  assets

Valuation  allowances

Total  net  deferred  tax  assets

Deferred  tax  liabilities

Excess  of  book  basis  over  tax  basis  of  intangible  assets

Excess  of  book  basis  over  tax  basis  in  investments

Other

Total  deferred  tax  liabilities

Net  deferred  tax  liabilities

315

305

219

208

429

425

473

391

151

289

2,032

2,447

(108)

(76)

1,924

2,371

(3,762)

(5,487)

(181)

(3,367)

(203)

(182)

(4,146)

(9,036)

$(2,222) $(6,665)

The  decreases  in  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  were  primarily  due  to  the  enactment  of  the  U.S.  tax

reform  that  reduced  the  U.S.  federal  corporate  tax  rate  from  35%  to  21%  and  created  a  territorial  tax

system,  which  will  generally  allow  repatriation  of  future  foreign  sourced  earnings  without  incurring

additional  U.S.  taxes.  The  Act  also  created  a  minimum  tax  on  certain  foreign  sourced  earnings.  The

taxability  of  the  foreign  sourced  earnings  and  the  applicable  tax  rates  are  dependent  on  future  events.

While  the  company  is  still  evaluating  its  accounting  policy  for  the  minimum  tax  on  foreign  sourced  earnings,

the  provisional  estimates  of  the  tax  effects  of  the  Act  were  reported  on  the  basis  that  the  minimum  tax

will  be  recognized  in  tax  expense  in  the  year  it  is  incurred  as  a  period  expense.

As  of  December  31,  2017,  gross  state  net  operating  losses  were  $1.2  billion  and  tax  credit

carryforwards  were  $228  million.  The  state  tax  carryforwards  expire  between  2018  and  2038.  As  of

December  31,  2017,  foreign  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  were  $209  million.  Foreign  net  operating  loss

carryforwards  of  $155  million  expire  between  2018  and  2027  and  the  remaining  do  not  have  an  expiration

period.

The  company  had  valuation  allowances  of  $108  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  $76  million  as  of

December  31,  2016.  These  were  principally  related  to  state  net  operating  losses  and  credit  carryforwards

that  are  not  expected  to  be  realized.

96

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

96

Current  income  taxes  receivable  were  $2.1  billion  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  $347  million  as  of

December  31,  2016  and  were  included  in  prepaid  expenses  and  other  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheets.

Unrecognized  Tax  Benefits

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

Beginning  balance

Increase  due  to  current  year  tax  positions

Increase  due  to  prior  year  tax  positions

Decrease  due  to  prior  year  tax  positions

Settlements

Lapse  of  statutes  of  limitations

Ending  balance

2017

2016

2015

$1,168

$ 954

$421

1,768

16

(2)

(233)

(16)

118

111

187

369

(7)

(15)

—

(8)

—

(8)

$2,701

$1,168

$954

AbbVie  and  Abbott  entered  into  a  tax  sharing  agreement,  effective  on  the  date  of  separation,  which

provides  that  Abbott  is  liable  for  and  has  indemnified  AbbVie  against  all  income  tax  liabilities  for  periods

prior  to  the  separation.  AbbVie  will  be  responsible  for  unrecognized  tax  benefits  and  related  interest  and

penalties  for  periods  after  separation  or  in  instances  where  an  existing  entity  was  transferred  to  AbbVie

upon  separation.

If  recognized,  the  net  amount  of  potential  tax  benefits  that  would  impact  the  company’s  effective  tax

rate  is  $2.6  billion  in  2017  and  $1.1  billion  in  2016.  Of  the  unrecognized  tax  benefits  recorded  in  the  table

above  as  of  December  31,  2017,  AbbVie  would  be  indemnified  for  approximately  $85  million.  The

‘‘Increases  due  to  current  year  tax  positions’’  in  the  table  above  includes  amounts  related  to  federal,  state

and  international  tax  items,  including  a  provisional  estimate  of  the  remeasurement  of  unrecognized  tax

benefits  related  to  earnings  of  foreign  subsidiaries  following  the  enactment  of  U.S.  tax  reform  in  2017.  The

‘‘Increase  due  to  prior  year  tax  positions’’  in  the  table  above  includes  amounts  relating  to  federal,  state  and

international  items  as  well  as  prior  positions  acquired  through  business  development  activities  during  the

year.  Uncertain  tax  positions  are  generally  included  as  a  long-term  liability  on  the  consolidated  balance

sheets.

AbbVie  recognizes  interest  and  penalties  related  to  income  tax  matters  in  income  tax  expense  in  the

consolidated  statements  of  earnings.  AbbVie  recognized  gross  income  tax  expense  of  $24  million  in  2017,

$35  million  in  2016  and  $13  million  in  2015,  for  interest  and  penalties  related  to  income  tax  matters.

AbbVie  had  an  accrual  for  the  payment  of  gross  interest  and  penalties  of  $120  million  at  December  31,

2017,  $112  million  at  December  31,  2016  and  $83  million  at  December  31,  2015.

The  company  is  routinely  audited  by  the  tax  authorities  in  significant  jurisdictions  and  a  number  of

audits  are  currently  underway.  It  is  reasonably  possible  during  the  next  twelve  months  that  uncertain  tax

positions  may  be  settled,  which  could  result  in  a  decrease  in  the  gross  amount  of  unrecognized  tax

benefits.  Due  to  the  potential  for  resolution  of  federal,  state  and  foreign  examinations  and  the  expiration  of

various  statutes  of  limitation,  the  company’s  gross  unrecognized  tax  benefits  balance  may  change  within  the

next  twelve  months  up  to  $31  million.  All  significant  federal,  state,  local  and  international  matters  have

been  concluded  for  years  through  2008.  The  company  believes  adequate  provision  has  been  made  for  all

income  tax  uncertainties.

Note  14  Legal  Proceedings  and  Contingencies

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  is  subject  to  contingencies,  such  as  various  claims,  legal  proceedings  and  investigations

regarding  product  liability,  intellectual  property,  commercial,  securities  and  other  matters  that  arise  in  the

normal  course  of  business.  Loss  contingency  provisions  are  recorded  for  probable  losses  at  management’s

best  estimate  of  a  loss,  or  when  a  best  estimate  cannot  be  made,  a  minimum  loss  contingency  amount

97

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

97

within  a  probable  range  is  recorded.  The  recorded  accrual  balance  for  litigation  was  approximately

$445  million  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  approximately  $225  million  at  December  31,  2016.  Initiation  of

new  legal  proceedings  or  a  change  in  the  status  of  existing  proceedings  may  result  in  a  change  in  the

estimated  loss  accrued  by  AbbVie.  While  it  is  not  feasible  to  predict  the  outcome  of  all  proceedings  and

exposures  with  certainty,  management  believes  that  their  ultimate  disposition  should  not  have  a  material

adverse  effect  on  AbbVie’s  consolidated  financial  position,  results  of  operations  or  cash  flows.

Subject  to  certain  exceptions  specified  in  the  separation  agreement  by  and  between  Abbott  and

AbbVie,  AbbVie  assumed  the  liability  for,  and  control  of,  all  pending  and  threatened  legal  matters  related  to

its  business,  including  liabilities  for  any  claims  or  legal  proceedings  related  to  products  that  had  been  part

of  its  business,  but  were  discontinued  prior  to  the  distribution,  as  well  as  assumed  or  retained  liabilities,

and  will  indemnify  Abbott  for  any  liability  arising  out  of  or  resulting  from  such  assumed  legal  matters.

Several  pending  lawsuits  filed  against  Unimed  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc.,  Solvay  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc.  (a

company  Abbott  acquired  in  February  2010  and  now  known  as  AbbVie  Products  LLC)  and  others  are

consolidated  for  pre-trial  purposes  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Georgia

under  the  Multi-District  Litigation  (MDL)  Rules  as  In  re:  AndroGel  Antitrust  Litigation,  MDL  No.  2084.  These

cases,  brought  by  private  plaintiffs  and  the  Federal  Trade  Commission  (FTC),  generally  allege  Solvay’s  patent

litigation  involving  AndroGel  was  sham  litigation  and  the  2006  patent  litigation  settlement  agreements  and

related  agreements  with  three  generic  companies  violate  federal  antitrust  laws.  Plaintiffs  generally  seek

monetary  damages  and/or  injunctive  relief  and  attorneys’  fees.  These  cases  include:  (a)  four  individual

plaintiff  lawsuits;  (b)  three  purported  class  actions;  and  (c)  Federal  Trade  Commission  v.  Actavis,  Inc.  et  al.

Following  the  district  court’s  dismissal  of  all  plaintiffs’  claims,  appellate  proceedings  led  to  the

reinstatement  of  the  claims  regarding  the  patent  litigation  settlements,  which  are  proceeding  in  the  district

court.

Lawsuits  are  pending  against  AbbVie  and  others  generally  alleging  that  the  2005  patent  litigation

settlement  involving  Niaspan  entered  into  between  Kos  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc.  (a  company  acquired  by

Abbott  in  2006  and  presently  a  subsidiary  of  AbbVie)  and  a  generic  company  violates  federal  and  state

antitrust  laws  and  state  unfair  and  deceptive  trade  practices  and  unjust  enrichment  laws.  Plaintiffs  generally

seek  monetary  damages  and/or  injunctive  relief  and  attorneys’  fees.  The  lawsuits  consist  of  four  individual

plaintiff  lawsuits  and  two  consolidated  purported  class  actions:  one  brought  by  three  named  direct

purchasers  of  Niaspan  and  the  other  brought  by  ten  named  end-payer  purchasers  of  Niaspan.  The  cases  are

consolidated  for  pre-trial  proceedings  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Eastern  District  of

Pennsylvania  under  the  MDL  Rules  as  In  re:  Niaspan  Antitrust  Litigation,  MDL  No.  2460.  In  October  2016,

the  State  of  California  filed  a  lawsuit  regarding  the  Niaspan  patent  litigation  settlement  in  Orange  County

Superior  Court,  asserting  a  claim  under  the  unfair  competition  provision  of  the  California  Business  and

Professions  Code  seeking  injunctive  relief,  restitution,  civil  penalties  and  attorneys’  fees.

In  September  2014,  the  FTC  filed  suit  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Eastern  District  of

Pennsylvania  against  AbbVie  and  others,  alleging  that  the  2011  patent  litigation  with  two  generic  companies

regarding  AndroGel  was  sham  litigation  and  the  patent  litigation  settlement  with  one  of  those  generic

companies  violates  federal  antitrust  laws.  The  FTC’s  complaint  seeks  monetary  damages  and  injunctive

relief.  In  May  2015,  the  court  dismissed  the  FTC’s  claim  regarding  the  patent  litigation  settlement.

In  March  2015,  the  State  of  Louisiana  filed  a  lawsuit,  State  of  Louisiana  v.  Fournier  Industrie  et  Sante,

et  al.,  against  AbbVie,  Abbott  and  affiliated  Abbott  entities  in  Louisiana  state  court.  Plaintiff  alleges  that

patent  applications  and  patent  litigation  filed  and  other  alleged  conduct  from  the  early  2000’s  and  before

related  to  the  drug  TriCor  violated  Louisiana  State  antitrust  and  unfair  trade  practices  laws.  The  lawsuit

seeks  monetary  damages  and  attorneys’  fees.

In  November  2014,  a  putative  class  action  lawsuit,  Medical  Mutual  of  Ohio  v.  AbbVie  Inc.,  et  al.,  was

filed  against  several  manufacturers  of  testosterone  replacement  therapies  (TRTs),  including  AbbVie,  in  the

United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Illinois  on  behalf  of  all  insurance  companies,  health

98

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

98

benefit  providers,  and  other  third  party  payers  who  paid  for  TRTs,  including  AndroGel.  The  claims  asserted

include  violations  of  the  federal  RICO  Act  and  state  consumer  fraud  and  deceptive  trade  practices  laws.  The

complaint  seeks  monetary  damages  and  injunctive  relief.

Product  liability  cases  are  pending  in  which  plaintiffs  generally  allege  that  AbbVie  and  other

manufacturers  of  TRTs  did  not  adequately  warn  about  risks  of  certain  injuries,  primarily  heart  attacks,

strokes  and  blood  clots.  Approximately  4,300  claims  are  consolidated  for  pre-trial  purposes  in  the  United

States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Illinois  under  the  MDL  Rules  as  In  re:  Testosterone

Replacement  Therapy  Products  Liability  Litigation,  MDL  No.  2545.  Approximately  210  claims  are  pending  in

various  state  courts.  Plaintiffs  generally  seek  compensatory  and  punitive  damages.  In  July  2017,  a  jury  in

the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Illinois  reached  a  verdict  in  the  first  case  to  be

tried.  The  jury  found  for  AbbVie  on  the  plaintiff’s  strict  liability  and  negligence  claims  and  for  the  plaintiff

on  the  plaintiff’s  fraud  claim.  The  jury  awarded  no  compensatory  damages,  but  did  award  plaintiffs

$150  million  in  punitive  damages.  In  December  2017,  the  court  vacated  the  jury’s  verdict  and  punitive

damage  award  on  the  fraud  claim  and  ordered  a  new  trial  on  that  claim.  In  a  second  case,  a  jury  in  the

United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Illinois  reached  a  verdict  for  AbbVie  in  August  2017

on  all  claims,  which  is  the  subject  of  post-trial  proceedings.  In  another  case,  a  jury  in  the  United  States

District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Illinois  reached  a  verdict  for  AbbVie  in  October  2017  on  strict

liability  but  for  the  plaintiff  on  remaining  claims  and  awarded  $140,000  in  compensatory  damages  and

$140  million  in  punitive  damages,  which  is  the  subject  of  post-trial  proceedings.  In  a  separate  case,  a  jury

in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Illinois  reached  a  verdict  for  AbbVie  in

January  2018  on  all  claims.

Product  liability  cases  are  pending  in  which  plaintiffs  generally  allege  that  AbbVie  did  not  adequately

warn  about  risk  of  certain  injuries,  primarily  various  birth  defects,  arising  from  use  of  Depakote.  Over

ninety  percent  of  the  approximately  635  claims  are  pending  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the

Southern  District  of  Illinois,  and  the  rest  are  pending  in  various  other  federal  and  state  courts.  Plaintiffs

generally  seek  compensatory  and  punitive  damages.

In  November  2014,  five  individuals  filed  a  putative  class  action  lawsuit,  Rubinstein,  et  al.  v  Gonzalez,  et

al.,  on  behalf  of  purchasers  and  sellers  of  certain  Shire  plc  (Shire)  securities  between  June  20  and

October  14,  2014,  against  AbbVie  and  its  chief  executive  officer  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the

Northern  District  of  Illinois  alleging  that  the  defendants  made  and/or  are  responsible  for  material

misstatements  in  violation  of  federal  securities  laws  in  connection  with  AbbVie’s  proposed  transaction  with

Shire.

In  June  2016,  a  lawsuit,  Elliott  Associates,  L.P.,  et  al.  v.  AbbVie  Inc.,  was  filed  by  five  investment  funds

against  AbbVie  in  the  Cook  County,  Illinois  Circuit  Court  alleging  that  AbbVie  made  misrepresentations  and

omissions  in  connection  with  its  proposed  transaction  with  Shire.  Similar  lawsuits  were  filed  between  July

and  September  2017  against  AbbVie  and  in  some  instances  its  chief  executive  officer  in  the  same  court  by

twelve  additional  investment  funds.  Plaintiffs  seek  compensatory  and  punitive  damages.

In  May  2017,  a  shareholder  derivative  lawsuit,  Ellis  v.  Gonzalez,  et  al.,  was  filed  in  Delaware  Chancery

Court,  alleging  that  AbbVie’s  directors  breached  their  fiduciary  duties  in  connection  with  statements  made

regarding  the  Shire  transaction.  The  lawsuit  seeks  unspecified  compensatory  damages  for  AbbVie,  among

other  relief.

Beginning  in  May  2016,  the  Patent  Trial  &  Appeal  Board  of  the  U.S.  Patent  &  Trademark  Office  (PTO)

instituted  five  inter  partes  review  proceedings  brought  by  Coherus  Biosciences  and  Boehringer  Ingelheim

related  to  three  AbbVie  patents  covering  methods  of  treatment  of  rheumatoid  arthritis  using  adalimumab.

In  these  proceedings,  the  PTO  reviewed  the  validity  of  the  patents  and  issued  decisions  of  invalidity  in  May,

June  and  July  of  2017.  AbbVie’s  appeal  of  the  decisions  is  pending  in  the  Court  of  Appeals  for  the  Federal

Circuit.

99

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

99

In  March  2017,  AbbVie  filed  a  lawsuit,  AbbVie  Inc.  v.  Novartis  Vaccines  and  Diagnostics,  Inc.  and  Grifols

Worldwide  Operations  Ltd.,  in  the  United  States  District  Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  California  against

Novartis  Vaccines  and  Grifols  Worldwide  seeking  a  declaratory  judgment  that  eleven  HCV-related  patents

licensed  to  AbbVie  in  2002  are  invalid.

AbbVie  is  seeking  to  enforce  certain  patent  rights  related  to  adalimumab  (a  drug  AbbVie  sells  under

the  trademark  HUMIRA姞).  In  a  case  filed  in  United  States  District  Court  for  the  District  of  Delaware  in

August  2017,  AbbVie  alleges  that  Boehringer  Ingelheim  International  GmbH’s,  Boehringer  Ingelheim

Pharmaceutical,  Inc.’s,  and  Boehringer  Ingelheim  Fremont,  Inc.’s  proposed  biosimilar  adalimumab  product

infringes  certain  AbbVie  patents.  AbbVie  seeks  declaratory  and  injunctive  relief.

Pharmacyclics  LLC,  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  AbbVie,  is  seeking  to  enforce  its  patent  rights  relating

to  ibrutinib  capsules  (a  drug  Pharmacyclics  sells  under  the  trademark  IMBRUVICA姞).  In  a  case  filed  in  the

United  States  District  Court  for  the  District  of  Delaware  on  February  1,  2018,  Pharmacyclics  alleges  that

Fresenius  Kabi  USA,  LLC,  Fresenius  Kabi  USA,  Inc.,  and  Fresenius  Kabi  Oncology  Limited’s  proposed  generic

ibrutinib  product  infringes  Pharmacyclics’  patents  and  Pharmacyclics  seeks  declaratory  and  injunctive  relief.

Janssen  Biotech,  Inc.  which  is  in  a  global  collaboration  with  Pharmacyclics  concerning  the  development  and

marketing  of  IMBRUVICA,  is  the  co-plaintiff  in  this  suit.

Note  15  Segment  and  Geographic  Area  Information

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  operates  in  one  business  segment—pharmaceutical  products.  Substantially  all  of  AbbVie’s  net

revenues  in  the  United  States  are  to  three  wholesalers.  Outside  the  United  States,  products  are  sold

primarily  to  health  care  providers  or  through  distributors,  depending  on  the  market  served.  The  following

tables  detail  AbbVie’s  worldwide  net  revenues:

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

HUMIRA

IMBRUVICA

HCV

Lupron

Creon

Synagis

Synthroid

AndroGel

Kaletra

Sevoflurane

Duodopa

All  other

$18,427

$16,078

$14,012

2,573

1,832

754

1,274

1,522

1,639

829

831

738

781

577

423

410

355

998

821

730

730

763

675

549

428

293

826

632

740

755

694

700

474

231

1,217

1,402

Total  net  revenues

$28,216

$25,638

$22,859

100

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

100

Net  revenues  to  external  customers  by  geographic  area,  based  on  product  shipment  destination,  were

as  follows:

years  ended  December  31  (in  millions)

2017

2016

2015

United  States

Germany

United  Kingdom

Japan

France

Canada

Spain

Italy

Brazil

The  Netherlands

All  other  countries

Total  net  revenues

$18,251

$15,947

$13,561

1,157

1,104

1,082

807

764

730

659

521

475

410

362

776

770

713

624

589

523

355

352

688

599

597

551

618

452

376

334

4,080

3,885

4,001

$28,216

$25,638

$22,859

Long-lived  assets,  primarily  net  property  and  equipment,  by  geographic  area  were  as  follows:

as  of  December  31  (in  millions)

United  States  and  Puerto  Rico

Europe

All  other

Total  long-lived  assets

2017

2016

$1,862

$1,822

621

320

504

278

$2,803

$2,604

101

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

101

Note  16  Quarterly  Financial  Data  (unaudited)

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

(in  millions  except  per  share  data)

2017

2016

First  Quarter

Net  revenues

Gross  margin

Net  earnings

(a)

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

Cash  dividends  declared  per  common  share

Second  Quarter

Net  revenues

Gross  margin

Net  earnings

(b)

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

Cash  dividends  declared  per  common  share

Third  Quarter

Net  revenues

Gross  margin

Net  earnings

(c)

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

Cash  dividends  declared  per  common  share

Fourth  Quarter

Net  revenues

Gross  margin

Net  earnings

(d)

Basic  earnings  per  share

Diluted  earnings  per  share

Cash  dividends  declared  per  common  share

$6,538

$5,958

4,922

4,589

1,711

1,354

$ 1.07

$ 0.83

$ 1.06

$ 0.83

$ 0.64

$ 0.57

$6,944

$6,452

5,416

5,047

1,915

1,610

$ 1.20

$ 0.99

$ 1.19

$ 0.98

$ 0.64

$ 0.57

$6,995

$6,432

5,379

4,928

1,631

1,598

$ 1.02

$ 0.97

$ 1.01

$ 0.97

$ 0.64

$ 0.57

$7,739

$6,796

5,459

5,241

52

1,391

$ 0.03

$ 0.86

$ 0.03

$ 0.85

$ 0.71

$ 0.64

(a) First  quarter  results  in  2017  included  after-tax  costs  of  $84  million  related  to  the  change  in  fair  value

of  contingent  consideration  liabilities.  First  quarter  results  in  2016  included  a  net  foreign  exchange  loss

of  $298  million  related  to  the  devaluation  of  AbbVie’s  net  monetary  assets  denominated  in  the

Venezuelan  bolivar.

(b) Second  quarter  results  in  2017  included  an  after-tax  charge  of  $62  million  to  increase  litigation

reserves  and  after-tax  costs  of  $61  million  related  to  the  change  in  fair  value  of  contingent

consideration  liabilities.  Second  quarter  results  in  2016  included  after-tax  costs  totaling  $122  million

related  to  the  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx  and  BI  compounds  as  well  as  the  amortization  of  the

acquisition  date  fair  value  step-up  for  inventory  related  to  the  acquisition  of  Pharmacyclics.

(c) Third  quarter  results  in  2017  included  after-tax  costs  of  $401  million  related  to  the  change  in  fair  value

of  contingent  consideration  liabilities.  Third  quarter  results  in  2016  included  after-tax  costs  of

$104  million  related  to  the  change  in  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities.

(d) Fourth  quarter  results  in  2017  were  impacted  by  net  charges  related  to  the  December  2017  enactment

of  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act,  including  an  after-tax  charge  of  $4.5  billion  related  to  the  one-time

mandatory  repatriation  of  previously  untaxed  earnings  of  foreign  subsidiaries,  partially  offset  by

after-tax  benefits  of  $3.3  billion  due  to  remeasurement  of  net  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  other  related

102

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

102

impacts.  Additional  after-tax  costs  that  impacted  fourth  quarter  results  in  2017  included  $244  million

for  an  intangible  asset  impairment  charge,  $221  million  for  a  charge  to  increase  litigation  reserves,

$205  million  as  a  result  of  entering  into  a  global  strategic  collaboration  with  Alector,  Inc.  and

$79  million  related  to  the  change  in  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities.  These  costs  were

partially  offset  by  an  after-tax  benefit  of  $91  million  due  to  a  tax  audit  settlement.  Fourth  quarter

results  in  2016  included  after-tax  costs  totaling  $187  million  associated  with  a  tax  law  change  for

regulations  issued  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016  that  revised  the  treatment  of  foreign  currency

translation  gains  and  losses  for  certain  operations  as  well  as  after-tax  costs  totaling  $85  million  related

to  the  change  in  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration  liabilities.

103

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

103

Report  Of  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm

To  the  Stockholders  and  the  Board  of  Directors  of  AbbVie  Inc.

Opinion  on  the  Financial  Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  AbbVie  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  (the

Company)  as  of  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  and  the  related  consolidated  statements  of  earnings,

comprehensive  income,  equity  and  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended

December  31,  2017,  and  the  related  notes  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  ‘‘financial  statements’’).  In  our

opinion,  the  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  consolidated  financial  position

of  the  Company  at  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  and  the  consolidated  results  of  its  operations  and  its

cash  flows  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  December  31,  2017,  in  conformity  with  U.S.

generally  accepted  accounting  principles.

We  also  have  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight

Board  (United  States)  (PCAOB),  the  Company’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,

2017,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the  Committee  of

Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (2013  framework)  and  our  report  dated  February  16,

2018  expressed  an  unqualified  opinion  thereon.

Basis  for  Opinion

These  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of  the  Company’s  management.  Our  responsibility  is

to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company’s  financial  statements  based  on  our  audits.  We  are  a  public

accounting  firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the

Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the

Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  the  PCAOB.

We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that

we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are

free  of  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud.  Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to

assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial  statements,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud,  and

performing  procedures  to  respond  to  those  risks.  Such  procedures  included  examining,  on  a  test  basis,

evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included

evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as

evaluating  the  overall  presentation  of  the  financial  statements.  We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a

reasonable  basis  for  our  opinion.

/s/  Ernst  &  Young  LLP

We  have  served  as  the  Company’s  auditor  since  2013.

Chicago,  Illinois

February  16,  2018

104

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

104

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

FINANCIAL  DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM  9A.  CONTROLS  AND  PROCEDURES

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Disclosure  Controls  and  Procedures;  Internal  Control  Over  Financial  Reporting

Evaluation  of  disclosure  controls  and  procedures.

The  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Richard  A.  Gonzalez,

and  the  Chief  Financial  Officer,  William  J.  Chase,  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  AbbVie’s  disclosure  controls

and  procedures  as  of  the  end  of  the  period  covered  by  this  report,  and  concluded  that  AbbVie’s  disclosure

controls  and  procedures  were  effective  to  ensure  that  information  AbbVie  is  required  to  disclose  in  the

reports  that  it  files  or  submits  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  under  the  Securities  Exchange

Act  of  1934  is  recorded,  processed,  summarized  and  reported,  within  the  time  periods  specified  in  the

Commission’s  rules  and  forms,  and  to  ensure  that  information  required  to  be  disclosed  by  AbbVie  in  the

reports  that  it  files  or  submits  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  is  accumulated  and

communicated  to  AbbVie’s  management,  including  its  principal  executive  officer  and  principal  financial

officer,  as  appropriate  to  allow  timely  decisions  regarding  required  disclosure.

Changes  in  internal  control  over  financial  reporting.

There  were  no  changes  in  AbbVie’s  internal

control  over  financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  Rule  13a-15(f)  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934)

that  have  materially  affected,  or  are  reasonably  likely  to  materially  affect,  AbbVie’s  internal  control  over

financial  reporting  during  the  quarter  ended  December  31,  2017.

Inherent  limitations  on  effectiveness  of  controls.

AbbVie’s  management,  including  its  Chief  Executive

Officer  and  its  Chief  Financial  Officer,  do  not  expect  that  AbbVie’s  disclosure  controls  or  internal  control

over  financial  reporting  will  prevent  or  detect  all  errors  and  all  fraud.  A  control  system,  no  matter  how  well

designed  and  operated,  can  provide  only  reasonable,  not  absolute,  assurance  that  the  control  system’s

objectives  will  be  met.  The  design  of  a  control  system  must  reflect  the  fact  that  there  are  resource

constraints,  and  the  benefits  of  controls  must  be  considered  relative  to  their  costs.  Further,  because  of  the

inherent  limitations  in  all  control  systems,  no  evaluation  of  controls  can  provide  absolute  assurance  that

misstatements  due  to  error  or  fraud  will  not  occur  or  that  all  control  issues  and  instances  of  fraud,  if  any,

have  been  detected.  These  inherent  limitations  include  the  realities  that  judgments  in  decision-making  can

be  faulty  and  that  breakdowns  can  occur  because  of  simple  error  or  mistake.  Controls  can  also  be

circumvented  by  the  individual  acts  of  some  persons,  by  collusion  of  two  or  more  people,  or  by

management  override  of  the  controls.

The  design  of  any  system  of  controls  is  based  in  part  on  certain  assumptions  about  the  likelihood  of

future  events,  and  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  any  design  will  succeed  in  achieving  its  stated  goals

under  all  potential  future  conditions.  Projections  of  any  evaluation  of  controls  effectiveness  to  future

periods  are  subject  to  risks.  Over  time,  controls  may  become  inadequate  because  of  changes  in  conditions

or  deterioration  in  the  degree  of  compliance  with  policies  or  procedures.

Management’s  annual  report  on  internal  control  over  financial  reporting.

Management  of  AbbVie  is

responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  as  such  term

is  defined  in  Rule  13a-15(f)  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934.  AbbVie’s  internal  control  over

financial  reporting  is  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting

and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted

accounting  principles  in  the  United  States.  However,  all  internal  control  systems,  no  matter  how  well

designed,  have  inherent  limitations.  Therefore,  even  those  systems  determined  to  be  effective  can  provide

only  reasonable  assurance  with  respect  to  financial  statement  preparation  and  reporting.

105

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

105

Management  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  AbbVie’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of

December  31,  2017.  In  making  this  assessment,  management  used  the  criteria  set  forth  by  the  Committee

of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (COSO)  in  Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework

(2013  framework).  Based  on  that  assessment,  management  concluded  that  AbbVie  maintained  effective

internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2017,  based  on  the  COSO  criteria.

The  effectiveness  of  AbbVie’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2017  has

been  audited  by  Ernst  &  Young  LLP,  an  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  as  stated  in  their

attestation  report  below,  which  expresses  an  unqualified  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  AbbVie’s  internal

control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2017.

Report  of  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm.

The  report  of  AbbVie’s  independent

registered  public  accounting  firm  related  to  its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over

financial  reporting  is  included  below.

106

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

106

Report  Of  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm

To  the  Stockholders  and  the  Board  of  Directors  of  AbbVie  Inc.

Opinion  on  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting

We  have  audited  AbbVie  Inc.  and  subsidiaries’  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of

December  31,  2017,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control—Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the

Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (2013  framework)  (the  COSO  criteria).

In  our  opinion,  AbbVie  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  (the  Company)  maintained,  in  all  material  respects,  effective

internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2017,  based  on  the  COSO  criteria.

We  also  have  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight

Board  (United  States)  (PCAOB),  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  AbbVie  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  as  of

December  31,  2017  and  2016,  and  the  related  consolidated  statements  of  earnings,  comprehensive  income,

equity  and  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  December  31,  2017,  and  the  related

notes  of  the  Company  and  our  report  dated  February  16,  2018  expressed  an  unqualified  opinion  thereon.

Basis  of  Opinion

The  Company’s  management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financial

reporting  and  for  its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  in

the  accompanying  Management’s  Annual  Report  on  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting.  Our

responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  based  on

our  audit.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent

with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules

and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  the  PCAOB.

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that

we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control

over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all  material  respects.

Our  audit  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  assessing

the  risk  that  a  material  weakness  exists,  testing  and  evaluating  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness  of

internal  control  based  on  the  assessed  risk,  and  performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered

necessary  in  the  circumstances.  We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a  reasonable  basis  for  our  opinion.

Definition  and  Limitations  on  Internal  Control  Over  Financial  Reporting

A  company’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable

assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for

external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company’s  internal  control

over  financial  reporting  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of

records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the

assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to

permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and

that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of

management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or

timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of  the  company’s  assets  that  could  have  a

material  effect  on  the  financial  statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect

misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk

that  controls  may  become  inadequate  because  of  changes  in  conditions,  or  that  the  degree  of  compliance

with  the  policies  or  procedures  may  deteriorate.

/s/  Ernst  &  Young  LLP

Chicago,  Illinois

February  16,  2018

107

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

107

ITEM  9B.  OTHER  INFORMATION

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

None.

108

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

108

PART  III

ITEM  10.  DIRECTORS,  EXECUTIVE  OFFICERS  AND  CORPORATE  GOVERNANCE

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Incorporated  herein  by  reference  are  ‘‘Information  Concerning  Director  Nominees,’’  ‘‘The  Board  of

Directors  and  its  Committees—Committees  of  the  Board  of  Directors,’’  ‘‘Section  16(a)  Beneficial  Ownership

Reporting  Compliance,’’  and  ‘‘Procedure  for  Recommendation  and  Nomination  of  Directors  and  Transaction

of  Business  at  Annual  Meeting’’  to  be  included  in  the  2018  AbbVie  Inc.  Proxy  Statement.  The  2018

Definitive  Proxy  Statement  will  be  filed  on  or  about  March  19,  2018.  Also  incorporated  herein  by  reference

is  the  text  found  in  this  Form  10-K  under  the  caption,  ‘‘Executive  Officers  of  the  Registrant.’’

AbbVie’s  code  of  business  conduct  requires  all  its  business  activities  to  be  conducted  in  compliance

with  all  applicable  laws,  regulations  and  ethical  principles  and  values.  All  directors,  officers  and  employees

of  AbbVie  are  required  to  read,  understand  and  abide  by  the  requirements  of  the  code  of  business  conduct

applicable  to  them.  AbbVie’s  code  of  business  conduct  is  available  in  the  corporate  governance  section  of

AbbVie’s  investor  relations  website  at  www.abbvieinvestor.com.

Any  waiver  of  the  code  of  business  conduct  for  directors  or  executive  officers  may  be  made  only  by

AbbVie’s  audit  committee.  AbbVie  will  disclose  any  amendment  to,  or  waiver  from,  a  provision  of  the  code

of  conduct  for  the  principal  executive  officer,  principal  financial  officer,  principal  accounting  officer  or

controller,  or  persons  performing  similar  functions,  on  its  website  within  four  business  days  following  the

date  of  the  amendment  or  waiver.  In  addition,  AbbVie  will  disclose  any  waiver  from  the  code  of  business

conduct  for  the  other  executive  officers  and  for  directors  on  the  website.

AbbVie  has  a  chief  ethics  and  compliance  officer  who  reports  to  the  chief  executive  officer  and  to  the

public  policy  committee.  The  chief  ethics  and  compliance  officer  is  responsible  for  overseeing,  administering

and  monitoring  AbbVie’s  compliance  program.

ITEM  11.  EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  material  to  be  included  in  the  2018  AbbVie  Inc.  Proxy  Statement  under  the  headings  ‘‘Director

Compensation,’’  ‘‘Executive  Compensation,’’  and  ‘‘Compensation  Committee  Report’’  is  incorporated  herein

by  reference.  The  2018  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  will  be  filed  on  or  about  March  19,  2018.

ITEM  12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF  CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS  AND  MANAGEMENT  AND

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS

(a) Equity  Compensation  Plan  Information.

The  following  table  presents  information  as  of  December  31,  2017  about  AbbVie’s  equity  compensation

plans  under  which  AbbVie  common  stock  has  been  authorized  for  issuance:

Plan  Category

(a)

(c)

Number  of

securities

remaining

Number  of

(b)

available  for

securities  to  be

Weighted-

future  issuance

issued  upon

average  exercise

under  equity

exercise  of

price  of

compensation

outstanding

outstanding

plans  (excluding

options,

options,

securities

warrants  and

warrants  and

reflected  in

rights(1)

rights(2)

column  (a))(3)

Equity  compensation  plans  approved  by  security  holders

18,770,467

$41.69

73,405,945

Equity  compensation  plans  not  approved  by  security  holders

—

—

—

Total

18,770,467

$41.69

73,405,945

109

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

109

(1)

Includes  3,350,775  shares  issuable  under  AbbVie’s  Incentive  Stock  Program  pursuant  to  awards

granted  by  Abbott  and  adjusted  into  AbbVie  awards  in  connection  with  AbbVie’s  separation  from

Abbott.

(2) The  weighted-average  exercise  price  does  not  include  outstanding  restricted  stock  units,  restricted

stock  awards  and  performance  shares  that  have  no  exercise  price.

(3) Excludes  shares  issuable  upon  the  exercise  of  stock  options  and  pursuant  to  other  rights  granted

under  the  Stemcentrx  2011  Equity  Incentive  Plan,  which  was  assumed  by  AbbVie  upon  the

consummation  of  its  acquisition  of  Stemcentrx,  Inc.  As  of  December  31,  2017,  562,497  options

remained  outstanding  under  this  plan.  The  options  have  a  weighted-average  exercise  price  of

$13.62.  No  further  awards  will  be  granted  under  this  plan.

(b)

Information  Concerning  Security  Ownership.

Incorporated  herein  by  reference  is  the  material  under

the  heading  ‘‘Securities  Ownership—Securities  Ownership  of  Executive  Officers  and  Directors’’  in  the

2018  AbbVie  Inc.  Proxy  Statement.  The  2018  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  will  be  filed  on  or  about

March  19,  2018.

ITEM  13.  CERTAIN  RELATIONSHIPS  AND  RELATED  TRANSACTIONS,  AND  DIRECTOR

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

INDEPENDENCE

The  material  to  be  included  in  the  2018  AbbVie  Inc.  Proxy  Statement  under  the  headings  ‘‘The  Board

of  Directors  and  its  Committees,’’  ‘‘Corporate  Governance  Materials,’’  and  ‘‘Procedures  for  Approval  of

Related  Person  Transactions’’  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference.  The  2018  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  will

be  filed  on  or  about  March  19,  2018.

ITEM  14.  PRINCIPAL  ACCOUNTING  FEES  AND  SERVICES

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  material  to  be  included  in  the  2018  AbbVie  Inc.  Proxy  Statement  under  the  headings  ‘‘Audit  Fees

and  Non-Audit  Fees’’  and  ‘‘Policy  on  Audit  Committee  Pre-Approval  of  Audit  and  Permissible  Non-Audit

Services  of  the  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm’’  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference.  The

2018  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  will  be  filed  on  or  about  March  19,  2018.

110

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

110

PART  IV

ITEM  15.  EXHIBITS,  FINANCIAL  STATEMENT  SCHEDULES

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

(a) Documents  filed  as  part  of  this  Form  10-K.

(1) Financial  Statements:

See  Item  8,  ‘‘Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data,’’  on  page  53

hereof,  for  a  list  of  financial  statements.

(2) Financial  Statement  Schedules: All  schedules  omitted  are  inapplicable  or  the  information  required

is  shown  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  notes  thereto.

(3) Exhibits  Required  by  Item  601  of  Regulation  S-K:

The  information  called  for  by  this  paragraph  is

set  forth  in  Item  15(b)  below.

(b) Exhibits:

Exhibit

Number

Exhibit  Description

2.1

*Agreement  and  Plan  of  Merger,  dated  as  of  April  25,  2016,  by  and  among  Stemcentrx,  Inc.,

AbbVie  Inc.,  Sirius  Sonoma  Corporation,  AbbVie  Stemcentrx  LLC  (formerly  Sirius  Sonoma  LLC)  and,

solely  for  the  purposes  set  forth  therein,  Fertile  Valley  LLC  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  2.1  of  AbbVie’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K/A  filed  on  May  6,  2016).

2.2

*Amendment  No.  1,  dated  as  of  May  28,  2016,  to  the  Agreement  and  Plan  of  Merger,  dated  as  of

April  25,  2016,  by  and  among  Stemcentrx,  Inc.,  AbbVie  Inc.,  Sirius  Sonoma  Corporation,  AbbVie

Stemcentrx  LLC  (formerly  Sirius  Sonoma  LLC)  and,  solely  for  the  purposes  set  forth  therein,  Fertile

Valley  LLC  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  2.2  of  AbbVie’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed

on  June  1,  2016).

2.3

*Agreement  and  Plan  of  Reorganization  by  and  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  Oxford  Amherst  Corporation,

Oxford  Amherst  LLC  and  Pharmacyclics,  Inc.  dated  as  of  March  4,  2015  (incorporated  by  reference

to  Exhibit  2.1  of  the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  March  6,  2015).

2.4

*Amendment  No.  1  to  Agreement  and  Plan  of  Reorganization  by  and  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  Oxford

Amherst  Corporation,  Oxford  Amherst  LLC  and  Pharmacyclics,  Inc.  dated  as  of  March  22,  2015

(incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  2.1  of  the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on

March  23,  2015).

3.1

*Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  AbbVie  Inc.  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  3.1  of  the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  January  2,  2013).

3.2

*Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws  of  AbbVie  Inc.  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1  of  the

company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  February  22,  2016).

4.1

*Indenture  dated  as  of  November  8,  2012  between  AbbVie  Inc.  and  U.S.  Bank  National  Association

(incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  of  Amendment  No.  5  to  the  company’s  Registration

Statement  on  Form  10  filed  on  November  16,  2012).

4.2

*Supplemental  Indenture  No.  1  dated  as  of  November  8,  2012  among  AbbVie  Inc.  and  U.S.  Bank

National  Association,  including  forms  of  notes  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.2  of

Amendment  No.  5  to  the  company’s  Registration  Statement  on  Form  10  filed  on  November  16,

2012).

4.3

*Supplemental  Indenture  No.  2  dated  May  14,  2015,  between  AbbVie  Inc.  and  U.S.  Bank  National

Association,  as  trustee,  including  forms  of  notes  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  of  the

company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  May  14,  2015).

111

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

111

Exhibit

Number

Exhibit  Description

4.4

*Supplemental  Indenture  No.  3  dated  May  12,  2016,  between  AbbVie  Inc.  and  U.S.  Bank  National

Association,  as  trustee  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  of  AbbVie’s  Current  Report  on

Form  8-K  filed  on  May  12,  2016).

4.5

*Supplemental  Indenture  No.  4,  dated  as  of  November  17,  2016,  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  U.S.  Bank

National  Association,  as  trustee,  Elavon  Financial  Services  DAC,  U.K.  Branch,  as  paying  agent  and

Elavon  Financial  Services  DAC,  as  transfer  agent  and  registrar  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  4.1  of  the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  November  17,  2016).

4.6

*Agency  Agreement,  dated  as  of  November  17,  2016,  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  U.S.  Bank  National

Association,  as  trustee,  Elavon  Financial  Services  DAC,  U.K.  Branch,  as  paying  agent  and  Elavon

Financial  Services  DAC,  as  transfer  agent  and  registrar  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.2  of

the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  November  17,  2016).

4.7

*Support  Agreement  by  and  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  Oxford  Amherst  Corporation  and  Robert  W.

Duggan  dated  as  of  March  4,  2015  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  of  the  company’s

Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  March  6,  2015).

10.1

*Form  of  Agreement  Regarding  Change  in  Control  by  and  between  AbbVie  Inc.  and  its  named

executive  officers  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.13  of  Amendment  No.  5  to  the

Company’s  Registration  Statement  on  Form  10  filed  on  November  16,  2012).**

10.2

*AbbVie  2013  Incentive  Stock  Program  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  A  to  the  AbbVie  Inc.

Definitive  Proxy  Statement  on  Schedule  14A  dated  March  15,  2013).**

10.3

*AbbVie  Performance  Incentive  Plan,  as  amended  and  restated  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.4  of  the  company’s  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  filed  on  February  19,  2016).**

10.4

*AbbVie  Deferred  Compensation  Plan,  as  amended  and  restated  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.5  of  the  company’s  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  filed  on  February  17,  2017).**

10.5

*AbbVie  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan,  as  amended  and  restated  (incorporated  by  reference

to  Exhibit  10.6  of  the  company’s  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  filed  on  February  19,  2016).**

10.6

*AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.7  of  the  company’s

Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  filed  on  February  17,  2017).**

10.7

*AbbVie  Supplemental  Savings  Plan,  as  amended  and  restated  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.8  of  the  company’s  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  filed  on  February  19,  2016).**

10.8

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Non-Employee  Director  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  (incorporated

by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.3  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2013).**

10.9

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  (CEO/Chairman)  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2013).**

10.10

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  (Annual)  (incorporated  by  reference

to  Exhibit  10.5  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended

March  31,  2013).**

10.11

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  (Interim)  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.6  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2013).**

112

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

112

Exhibit

Number

Exhibit  Description

10.12

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.7  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended

March  31,  2013).**

10.13

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Non-Employee  Director  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2016).**

10.14

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.2  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended

March  31,  2016).**

10.15

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Retention  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement—Cliff  Vesting  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.3  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2016).**

10.16

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Retention  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement—Ratable  Vesting  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2016).**

10.17

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Retention  Restricted  Stock  Agreement—Cliff  Vesting  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.5  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2016).**

10.18

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Retention  Restricted  Stock  Agreement—Ratable  Vesting  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.6  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2016).**

10.19

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance  Share  Award  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.7  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended

March  31,  2016).**

10.20

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance-Vested  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.8  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2016).**

10.21

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Non-Employee  Director  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2017).**

10.22

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.2  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended

March  31,  2017).**

10.23

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance  Share  Award  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.3  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly  period  ended

March  31,  2017).**

10.24

*Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance-Vested  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (incorporated  by

reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  of  the  company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarterly

period  ended  March  31,  2017).**

10.25

Form  of  AbbVie  Inc.  Performance  Share  Award  Agreement.**

10.26

AbbVie  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan,  as  amended  and  restated.**

113

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

113

Exhibit

Number

Exhibit  Description

10.27

*Stemcentrx  2011  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.3  of  the  Company’s

Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-8  filed  on  June  16,  2016).**

10.28

*Pharmacyclics,  Inc.  2014  Equity  Incentive  Award  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  of

the  company’s  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-8  filed  on  May  27,  2015).**

10.29

*Revolving  Credit  Agreement,  dated  as  of  August  18,  2014,  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  AbbVie  Private

Limited,  AbbVie  Holdings  Private  Limited,  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.  and  the  lenders  and  other

parties  party  thereto  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  of  the  company’s  Current  Report

on  Form  8-K  filed  on  August  21,  2014).

10.30

*Amendment  No.  1  to  Revolving  Credit  Agreement,  dated  as  of  March  16,  2015,  by  and  among

AbbVie  Inc.,  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent  and  the  lenders  party  thereto

(incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  of  the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on

March  20,  2015).

10.31

*Three-Year  Term  Loan  Agreement,  dated  as  of  September  25,  2015,  among  AbbVie,  Bank  of

America,  N.A.  and  the  lenders  and  other  parties  party  thereto  (incorporated  by  reference  to

Exhibit  10.1  of  the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  September  29,  2015).

10.32

*Underwriting  Agreement,  dated  as  of  May  5,  2015,  by  and  among  AbbVie  Inc.  and  Morgan

Stanley  &  Co.  LLC,  Barclays  Capital  Inc.,  Deutsche  Bank  Securities  Inc.  and  Merrill  Lynch,  Pierce,

Fenner  &  Smith  Incorporated,  as  representatives  of  the  several  other  underwriters  named  therein

(incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  1.1  of  the  company’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on

May  7,  2015).

10.33

*Underwriting  Agreement,  dated  as  of  May  9,  2016,  by  and  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  and  Barclays

Capital  Inc.,  Deutsche  Bank  Securities  Inc.,  J.P.  Morgan  Securities  LLC  and  Merrill  Lynch,  Pierce,

Fenner  &  Smith  Incorporated,  as  representatives  of  the  several  underwriters  named  in  Schedule  II

thereto  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  1.1  of  AbbVie’s  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on

May  12,  2016).

10.34

*Underwriting  Agreement,  dated  as  of  November  14,  2016,  by  and  among  AbbVie  Inc.,  and

Barclays  Bank  PLC,  Deutsche  Bank  AG,  London  Branch,  J.P.  Morgan  Securities  plc,  Merrill  Lynch

International  and  Morgan  Stanley  &  Co.  International  plc,  as  representatives  of  the  several  other

underwriters  named  therein  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  1.1  of  the  company’s  Current

Report  on  Form  8-K  filed  on  November  17,  2016).

12.1

Ratio  of  Earnings  to  Fixed  Charges

12.2

Computation  of  Ratio  of  Earnings  to  Fixed  Charges

21

Subsidiaries  of  AbbVie  Inc.

23

Consent  of  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm.

31.1

Certification  of  Chief  Executive  Officer  Required  by  Rule  13a-14(a)  (17  CFR  240.13a-14(a)).

31.2

Certification  of  Chief  Financial  Officer  Required  by  Rule  13a-14(a)  (17  CFR  240.13a-14(a)).

32.1

Certification  of  Chief  Executive  Officer  Pursuant  to  18  U.S.C.  Section  1350,  as  adopted  pursuant  to

Section  906  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  of  2002.

32.2

Certification  of  Chief  Financial  Officer  Pursuant  to  18  U.S.C.  Section  1350,  as  adopted  pursuant  to

Section  906  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  of  2002.

114

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

114

Exhibit

Number

Exhibit  Description

101

The  following  financial  statements  and  notes  from  the  AbbVie  Inc.  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K

for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2017  filed  on  February  16,  2018,  formatted  in  XBRL:

(i)  Consolidated  Statements  of  Earnings;  (ii)  Consolidated  Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income;

(iii)  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets;  (iv)  Consolidated  Statements  of  Equity;  (v)  Consolidated

Statements  of  Cash  Flows;  and  (vi)  the  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.

The  AbbVie  Inc.  2018  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  will  be  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange

Commission  under  separate  cover  on  or  about  March  19,  2018.

*

Incorporated  herein  by  reference.  Commission  file  number  001-35565.

** Denotes  management  contract  or  compensatory  plan  or  arrangement  required  to  be  filed  as  an  exhibit

hereto.

Exhibits  32.1  and  32.2,  above,  are  furnished  herewith  and  should  not  be  deemed  to  be  ‘‘filed’’  under

the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934.  AbbVie  will  furnish  copies  of  any  of  the  above  exhibits  to  a

stockholder  upon  written  request  to  the  Secretary,  AbbVie  Inc.,  1  North  Waukegan  Road,  North  Chicago,

Illinois  60064.

ITEM  16.  FORM  10-K  SUMMARY

.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

None.

115

2017  Form  10-K

13NOV201221352027

115

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,

AbbVie  Inc.  has  duly  caused  this  report  to  be  signed  on  its  behalf  by  the  undersigned,  thereunto  duly

authorized.

SIGNATURES

AbbVie  Inc.

By: /s/ RICHARD  A.  GONZALEZ

Name: Richard  A.  Gonzalez

Title:

Chairman  of  the  Board  and

Chief  Executive  Officer

Date:  February  16,  2018

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  this  report  has  been  signed

below  by  the  following  persons  on  behalf  of  AbbVie  Inc.  on  February  16,  2018  in  the  capacities  indicated

below.

/s/ RICHARD  A.  GONZALEZ

/s/ WILLIAM  J.  CHASE

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

Chairman  of  the  Board  and

Chief  Executive  Officer

William  J.  Chase

Executive  Vice  President,

Chief  Financial  Officer

(Principal  Executive  Officer)

(Principal  Financial  Officer)

/s/ ROBERT  A.  MICHAEL

Robert  A.  Michael

Vice  President,  Controller

(Principal  Accounting  Officer)

/s/ ROBERT  J.  ALPERN,  M.D.

/s/ ROXANNE  S.  AUSTIN

Robert  J.  Alpern,  M.D.

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

Roxanne  S.  Austin

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

/s/ WILLIAM  H.L.  BURNSIDE

/s/ BRETT  J.  HART

William  H.L.  Burnside

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

Brett  J.  Hart

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

/s/ EDWARD  M.  LIDDY

/s/ MELODY  B.  MEYER

Edward  M.  Liddy

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

Melody  B.  Meyer

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

/s/ EDWARD  J.  RAPP

/s/ GLENN  F.  TILTON

Edward  J.  Rapp

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

/s/ FREDERICK  H.  WADDELL

Frederick  H.  Waddell

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

Glenn  F.  Tilton

Director  of  AbbVie  Inc.

116

13NOV201221352027

2017  Form  10-K

116

13NOV201221352027

NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Important  Notice  Regarding  the  Availability  of  Proxy  Materials  for  the  Stockholder  Meeting  to  Be  Held  on  May  4,  2018

24FEB201823063241

The  Annual  Meeting  of  the  Stockholders  of  AbbVie  Inc.  will  be  held  at  the  Fairmont  Chicago,  Millennium  Park,

200  North  Columbus  Drive,  Chicago,  Illinois  60601,  on  Friday,  May  4,  2018,  at  9:00  a.m.  CT  for  the  following  purposes:

•

To  elect  four  directors  to  hold  office  until  the  2021  Annual  Meeting  or  until  their  successors  are  elected

(Item  1),

•

To  ratify  the  appointment  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  as  AbbVie’s  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm

for  2018  (Item  2),

•

•

•

•

•

To  vote  on  an  advisory  vote  on  the  approval  of  executive  compensation  (Item  3),

To  determine,  in  an  advisory  vote,  whether  the  stockholder  advisory  vote  to  approve  executive

compensation  should  occur  every  one,  two  or  three  years  (Item  4),

To  vote  on  a  management  proposal  regarding  the  annual  election  of  directors  (Item  5),

To  vote  on  a  management  proposal  to  eliminate  supermajority  voting  (Item  6),  and

To  transact  such  other  business  as  may  properly  come  before  the  meeting,  including  consideration  of  three

stockholder  proposals,  if  presented  at  the  meeting  (Items  7,  8,  and  9).

Your  Vote  Is  Important

Please  promptly  vote  your  shares  by  telephone,  using  the  Internet,  or  by  signing  and  returning  your  proxy  in

the  enclosed  envelope  if  you  received  a  printed  version  of  the  proxy  card.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  FOR  Items  1,  2,  3,  5,  and  6  on  the  proxy  card.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  for  an  annual  (1  YEAR)  frequency  of  the  stockholder

advisory  vote  on  executive  compensation  (Item  4).

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  AGAINST  Items  7,  8,  and  9  on  the  proxy  card.

The  close  of  business  on  March  7,  2018,  has  been  fixed  as  the  record  date  for  determining  the  stockholders

entitled  to  receive  notice  of  and  to  vote  at  the  Annual  Meeting.

AbbVie’s  2018  Proxy  Statement  and  2017  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  are  available  at

www.abbvieinvestor.com.  If  you  are  a  registered  stockholder,  you  may  access  your  proxy  card  by  either:

•

Going  to  the  following  website:  www.proxyvote.com,  entering  the  information  requested  on  your  computer

screen  and  following  the  simple  instructions,  or

•

Calling  (in  the  United  States,  U.S.  territories,  and  Canada)  toll  free  1-800-690-6903  on  a  touch-tone

telephone  and  following  the  simple  instructions  provided  by  the  recorded  message.

Admission  to  the  meeting  will  be  by  admission  card  only.  If  you  plan  to  attend,  please  complete  and  return  the

reservation  form  in  the  back  of  these  materials  and  an  admission  card  will  be  sent  to  you.  Due  to  space  limitations,

reservation  forms  must  be  received  before  April  27,  2018.  Each  admission  card,  along  with  photo  identification,  admits

one  person.  A  stockholder  may  request  two  admission  cards,  but  a  guest  must  be  accompanied  by  a  stockholder.

By  order  of  the  board  of  directors.

Laura  J.  Schumacher

Secretary

March  19,  2018

13NOV201221352027

PROXY STATEMENT

24FEB201823063622

Table  of  Contents

Proxy  Statement  Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Information  about  the  Annual  Meeting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Who  Can  Vote . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Notice  and  Access . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Voting  by  Proxy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Revoking  a  Proxy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Discretionary  Voting  Authority . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Quorum  and  Vote  Required  to  Approve  Each  Item  on  the  Proxy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Effect  of  Broker  Non-Votes  and  Abstentions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Inspectors  of  Election . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cost  of  Soliciting  Proxies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

AbbVie  Savings  Plan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Information  Concerning  Director  Nominees  (Item  1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The  Board  of  Directors  and  its  Committees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Communicating  with  the  Board  of  Directors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Director  Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Securities  Ownership . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Executive  Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Compensation  Committee  Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Compensation  Risk  Assessment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Summary  Compensation  Table . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017  Grants  of  Plan-Based  Awards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017  Outstanding  Equity  Awards  at  Fiscal  Year  End . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017  Option  Exercises  and  Stock  Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Pension  Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Non-qualified  Deferred  Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Potential  Payments  upon  Termination  or  Change  in  Control . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Ratification  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  as  AbbVie’s  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm  (Item  2) . . . . . . . . .

Audit  Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1

8

8

8

8

8

8

9

9

9

9

9

10

15

19

20

22

24

24

41

41

43

46

48

51

51

55

55

59

60

Audit  Fees  and  Non-Audit  Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

60

Policy  on  Audit  Committee  Pre-Approval  of  Audit  and  Permissible  Non-Audit  Services  of  the  Independent

Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Audit  Committee  Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Say  on  Pay—Advisory  Vote  on  the  Approval  of  Executive  Compensation  (Item  3)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Say  When  on  Pay—Advisory  Vote  on  the  Frequency  of  Future  Approvals  of  Executive  Compensation  (Item  4) . . . .

Management  Proposal  Regarding  the  Annual  Election  of  Directors  (Item  5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Management  Proposal  to  Eliminate  Supermajority  Voting  (Item  6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Stockholder  Proposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Stockholder  Proposal  on  Lobbying  Report  (Item  7)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Stockholder  Proposal  to  Separate  Chair  and  CEO  (Item  8) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Stockholder  Proposal  on  Compensation  Committee  Drug  Pricing  Report  (Item  9) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Additional  Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

60

61

62

63

64

65

66

66

69

71

73

13NOV201221352027

PROXY STATEMENT

24FEB201823063622

The  accompanying  proxy  is  solicited  on  behalf  of  the  board  of  directors  for  use  at  the  Annual  Meeting  of

Stockholders.  The  meeting  will  be  held  on  May  4,  2018,  at  the  Fairmont  Chicago,  Millennium  Park,  200  North  Columbus

Drive,  Chicago,  Illinois  60601.  This  summary  highlights  selected  information  in  the  Proxy  Statement.  Please  review  the

entire  Proxy  Statement  and  the  AbbVie  2017  Annual  Report  before  voting.

2018  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Date  and  Time:  May  4,  2018  9:00  a.m.  CT

Location:  Fairmont  Chicago,  Millennium  Park,  200  North  Columbus  Drive,  Chicago,  Illinois  60601

Record  Date:  March  7,  2018

How  to  Vote:  Stockholders  as  of  the  record  date  are  entitled  to  vote  via  Internet  at  www.proxyvote.com;  by  telephone  at

1-800-690-6903;  by  returning  a  completed  proxy  card;  or  in  person  at  the  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders.

Voting  Items  and  Board  Recommendations
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Item  1

Election  of  Directors

Item  2

Ratification  of  Independent  Auditor

Item  3

Say  on  Pay—Advisory  Vote  on  the  Approval  of  Executive  Compensation

Item  4

Say  When  on  Pay—Advisory  Vote  on  the  Frequency  of  Future  Approvals  of

Executive  Compensation

Item  5 Management  Proposal  Regarding  the  Annual  Election  of  Directors

Item  6 Management  Proposal  to  Eliminate  Supermajority  Voting

Item  7

Stockholder  Proposal  on  Lobbying  Report

Item  8

Stockholder  Proposal  to  Separate  Chair  and  CEO

Item  9

Stockholder  Proposal  on  Compensation  Committee  Drug  Pricing  Report

Board  Recommendations

FOR  All  Nominees

FOR

FOR

1  YEAR

FOR

FOR

AGAINST

AGAINST

AGAINST

Business  Overview  and  Performance  Highlights
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Business  Overview

AbbVie  was  created  in  2013  following  separation  from  Abbott  Laboratories.  AbbVie’s  mission  is  to  be  an

innovation-driven,  patient-focused  specialty  biopharmaceutical  company  capable  of  delivering  top-tier  financial

performance  through  outstanding  execution  and  a  consistent  stream  of  innovative  new  medicines.  AbbVie  intends  to

continue  to  advance  its  mission  in  a  number  of  ways,  including:  (i)  growing  revenues  through  continued  strong

performance  from  its  existing  portfolio  of  on-market  products,  including  HUMIRA,  IMBRUVICA  and  MAVYRET,  as  well  as

growth  from  pipeline  products;  (ii) continued  investment  in  its  pipeline  in  support  of  opportunities  in  immunology,

oncology  and  neuroscience,  as  well  as  focused  investments  in  other  areas  that  augment  AbbVie’s  core  strengths;

(iii) augmentation  of  its  pipeline  through  concerted  focus  on  strategic  licensing,  acquisition  and  partnering  activity  with  a

focus  on  identifying  compelling  programs  that  fit  AbbVie’s  strategic  criteria;  and  (iv) continuing  to  enhance  efficiency  by

expanding  operating  margins;  (v)  returning  cash  to  stockholders  via  dividends  and  share  repurchases.

25FEB201819082788

1

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

1

PROXY  STATEMENT  SUMMARY

AbbVie’s  products  are  focused  on  treating  conditions  such  as  chronic  autoimmune  diseases  in  rheumatology,

gastroenterology  and  dermatology;  oncology,  including  blood  cancers;  virology,  including  hepatitis  C  virus  and  human

immunodeficiency  virus;  neurological  disorders,  such  as  Parkinson’s  disease;  metabolic  diseases,  including  thyroid  disease

and  complications  associated  with  cystic  fibrosis;  as  well  as  other  serious  health  conditions.  AbbVie  also  has  a  pipeline  of

promising  new  medicines  across  such  important  medical  specialties  as  immunology,  oncology  and  neuroscience,  with

additional  targeted  investments  in  cystic  fibrosis  and  women’s  health.

Business  Performance  Highlights

AbbVie  has  Delivered  Robust  Financial  Results  since  Separation

Performance from 2013 Inception to 2017 Year End

10.7%

15.6%

Adjusted net revenues – compound annual growth rate*

Adjusted diluted earnings per share – compound annual
growth rate*

630

Basis points

Operating margin expansion, adjusted*
Committed to driving an adjusted operating margin profile of 50 percent by 2020

238.5%

5-year total stockholder return

$100BN

Increase in market capitalization
Added significant stockholder value

78%

60+

Increase in quarterly dividend**
Raised quarterly dividend to $0.71 per share from $0.40 per share at inception

Active clinical development programs
More than 30 new products or indications in late-stage development or under regulatory review

27FEB201822562361

The  measures  set  forth  above  were  calculated  as  of  December  31,  2017.

* Net  revenues,  diluted  earnings  per  share  and  operating  margin  are  adjusted  to  exclude  certain

specified  items  and  are  non-GAAP  measures,  which  are  reconciled  in  Appendix  C.

** In  February 2018,  AbbVie  increased  its  quarterly  cash  dividend  by  an  additional  35 percent

from  $0.71  per  share  to  $0.96  per  share  payable  May 15,  2018  to  stockholders  of  record  at

the  close  of  business  on  April 13,  2018.

AbbVie  has  delivered  a  strong  compound  annual  growth  rate  (CAGR)  since  inception  on  adjusted  net  revenues

and  adjusted  diluted  earnings  per  share  (EPS),  placing  AbbVie  in  the  top  quartile  of  its  Health  Care  Peer  Group.

25FEB201819082788

2

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

2

PROXY  STATEMENT  SUMMARY

Additionally,  AbbVie  is  committed  to  a  robust  return  of  capital  to  stockholders  with  an  increase  of  78%  in  its  dividend

since  2013  as  part  of  a  balanced  and  disciplined  capital  allocation  program.  In  February  2018,  AbbVie  increased  its

dividend  by  an  additional  35%,  resulting  in  a  total  dividend  increase  of  140%  since  AbbVie  became  an  independent

company.  AbbVie’s  total  stockholder  return  (TSR)  since  inception  of  238.5%  also  places  AbbVie  at  the  top  of  its  Health

Care  Peer  Group,  and  more  than  130  percentage  points  above  the  Standard  &  Poor’s  500  Index  and  more  than

168  percentage  points  above  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index  over  the  same  time  period.

AbbVie  has  Significantly  Grown  Revenue  and  EPS  Since  2013

Net Revenues*

CAGR = 10.7%

$28.2

$25.6

$22.8

$18.8 $19.9

)

N
B
$
(

Diluted EPS*

CAGR = 15.6%

$5.60

$4.82

$4.29

$3.14 $3.32

2013 2014

2015

2016 2017

2013 2014

2015

2016 2017

25FEB201802295368

*Net  revenues  and  diluted  earnings  per  share  are  adjusted  for  specified  items,

including  the  impact  of  intangible  asset  amortization,  and  are  non-GAAP

measures,  which  are  reconciled  in  Appendix  C.

AbbVie  has  Delivered  Outstanding  Results,  Ranking  First  or  Second  on  Each  of  the  Below  Financial  Metrics

% Revenue Growth

ABBV Rank vs. Peer Group (1)

% Adjusted EPS Growth
ABBV Rank vs. Peer Group (1)

Total Shareholder Return

ABBV Rank vs. Peer Group (1)

Period

2017

3 Years
('15,'16,'17)

5 Years
('13,'14,'15,'16,'17)

Rank

Period

Rank

Period

#1 of 10

2017

#2 of 10

2017

#1 of 10

#2 of 10

3 Years
('15,'16,'17)

5 Years
('13,'14,'15,'16,'17)

#1 of 10

NA (2)

3 Years
('15,'16,'17)

5 Years
('13,'14,'15,'16,'17)

Rank

#1 of 10

#1 of 10

#1 of 10

25FEB201806074973

(1) AbbVie’s  peer  group  above  includes:  Amgen,  Inc.,  Bristol-Myers  Squibb  Company,  Eli  Lilly  and  Company,  Gilead

Sciences,  Inc.,  GlaxoSmithKline  plc,  Johnson  &  Johnson,  Merck  &  Company,  Inc.,  Novartis  AG  and  Pfizer  Inc.

(2) A  5-year  adjusted  EPS  comparison  is  not  available  because  AbbVie  did  not  report  adjusted  EPS  in  2012  as  it

did  not  become  an  independent  company  until  January  2013.

25FEB201819082788

3

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

3

PROXY  STATEMENT  SUMMARY

AbbVie  also  Delivered  Strong  Business  Performance  in  2017

AbbVie  has  built  a  strong  foundation  for  its  business  and  2017  was  an  exceptional  year,  as  evidenced  by  a

number  of  business  highlights:

• Net  Revenues: AbbVie  reported  full-year  net  revenues  of  $28.2  billion  on  a  GAAP  and  adjusted  basis,  an

increase  of  10.1%  over  2016,  excluding  the  impact  of  foreign  exchange.  This  reflects  growth  in  the  top-tier

of  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer  Group.

•

HUMIRA: AbbVie  delivered  global  HUMIRA  sales  of  $18.4  billion,  an  increase  of  14.6%  on  a  reported  basis,

or  14.4%  excluding  the  impact  of  foreign  exchange.  HUMIRA’s  performance  was  driven  by  continued  biologic

penetration  across  therapeutic  categories  and  geographies.

•

IMBRUVICA: Global  IMBRUVICA  net  revenue  was  $2.6  billion,  an  increase  of  40.5%,  driven  by  market  share

growth  in  front-line  chronic  lymphocytic  leukemia  (CLL)  and  other  approved  indications.

•

Gross  and  Operating  Margins: In  2017,  AbbVie  reported  a  gross  margin  of  75.1%  on  a  GAAP  basis  or  80.5%

of  net  revenues  on  an  adjusted  basis.  AbbVie’s  operating  margin  was  34.0%  on  a  GAAP  basis  or  42.6%  of

net  revenues  on  an  adjusted  basis.

•

Earnings  Per  Share: AbbVie  reported  full-year  diluted  EPS  of  $3.30  on  a  GAAP  basis  and  adjusted  diluted

EPS  of  $5.60,  up  16.2%.  This  reflects  growth  in  the  very  top-tier  of  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer  Group.  For

2018,  AbbVie  provided  a  diluted  EPS  guidance  range  of  $6.45  to  $6.55  on  a  GAAP  basis  and  $7.33  to  $7.43

on  an  adjusted  basis.  The  midpoint  of  the  adjusted  guidance  represents  growth  of  32%  over  2017,  reflecting

strong  operating  dynamics  in  the  underlying  business  and  the  enactment  of  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act.

•

Regulatory  Milestones: AbbVie  also  achieved  a  number  of  regulatory  milestones  in  markets  worldwide  for

several  key  products,  including  regulatory  approvals  for  MAVYRET,  the  company’s  pan-genotypic  treatment

for  HCV,  as  well  as  two  new  indications  for  IMBRUVICA  in  relapsed/refractory  marginal  zone  lymphoma  and

second-line  chronic  graft-versus-host disease.

•

Pipeline  Development: With  a  record  number  of  programs  in  mid-  and  late-stage  development,  AbbVie

made  significant  pipeline  advancements  in  2017.  AbbVie  announced  data  from  a  dozen  pivotal  trials,

initiated  a  number  of  important  phase  transitions  across  our  key  development  programs  and  made  multiple

regulatory  submissions.  AbbVie  reported  positive  results  from  several  registrational  trials  for  the  company’s

next-generation  immunology  assets,  upadacitinib  and  risankizumab,  in  RA  and  psoriasis,  respectively.  Based

on  strong  mid-stage  data,  the  company  decided  to  advance  these  assets  into  Phase 3  development  for  a

number  of  follow-on  indications,  including  Crohn’s  disease,  psoriatic  arthritis  and  atopic  dermatitis.  Results

from  the  Phase 3  MURANO  trial  showed  a  profound  improvement  in  progression-free  survival  in  patients

treated  with  combination  treatment  of  VENCLEXTA  and  Rituxan  compared  to  a  standard  regimen.  As  a

result,  a  regulatory  application  was  submitted  for  VENCLEXTA  for  relapsed/refractory  chronic  lymphocytic

leukemia.  A  regulatory  application  also  was  submitted  for  elagolix  for  endometriosis-associated  pain.  Both

VENCLEXTA  and  elagolix  received  priority  review  designations  from  the  FDA.

Corporate  Governance  Highlights
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Our  board  of  directors  is  committed  to  strong  corporate  governance  tailored  to  meet  the  needs  of  AbbVie  and

its  stockholders  to  enhance  stockholder  value.  In  connection  with  our  ongoing,  proactive  engagement  with  stockholders

(as  described  in  greater  detail  on  page  32),  AbbVie’s  board  of  directors:

•

approved  a  management  proposal  to  eliminate  supermajority  voting  in  this  proxy  statement  (Item  6)  to

seek  stockholder  approval  to  amend  the  company’s  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  to

25FEB201819082788

4

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

4

PROXY  STATEMENT  SUMMARY

provide  for  a  simple  majority  of  shares  outstanding  for  all  provisions  previously  subject  to  a  supermajority

provision,  as  described  in  Item  6;

•

approved  a  declassification  management  proposal  in  this  proxy  statement  (Item  5)  to  seek  stockholder

approval  to  amend  the  company’s  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  to  declassify  the  board

of  directors  and  to  allow  for  the  annual  election  of  directors,  as  described  in  Item  5;  and

•

approved  and  implemented  in  2016  a  proxy  access  by-law  provision  to  permit  a  stockholder,  or  a  group  of

up  to  20  stockholders,  owning  at  least  3%  of  the  company’s  outstanding  common  stock  continuously  for  at

least  3  years  to  nominate  and  include  in  the  company’s  proxy  materials  director  nominees  constituting  up  to

25%  of  the  board  of  directors,  as  further  detailed  in  the  company’s  By-Laws.

Highlights  of  our  governance  practices  include:

Governance  Practice

For  more  information

Independent  lead  director  with  robust  responsibilities  is  selected

p.  15

by  the  board

Nine  of  AbbVie’s  ten  directors  are  independent  and  regularly

meet  in  executive  session

All  members  of  the  audit,  compensation,  nominations  and

governance  and  public  policy  committees  are  independent

Adopted  a  proxy  access  By-Law  provision  for  3%/3  years

Policy  prohibiting  hedging  and  pledging

Robust  stock  ownership  guidelines

p.  15

p.  18

p.  75

p.  41

p.  40

Disclosure  of  our  corporate  political  contributions  and  our  trade

http://www.abbvie.com/responsibility/

association  dues  and  oversight  process

transparency-policies/corporate-political-

Clawback  authority  in  the  event  of  financial  restatement  to

recover  incentive  plan  awards

For  inclusion  on  the  board,  the  nominations  and  governance

committee  considers  diversity  of  ethnicity,  gender,  and  geography

participation.html

p.  41

p.  16

Related  person  transaction  policy  to  ensure  appropriate  oversight

p.  73

We  do  not  have  a  stockholder  rights  plan  or  ‘‘poison  pill’’

Certificate  of  Incorporation  and  By-Laws

Our  directors  are  elected  by  a  majority  vote  of  our  stockholders

p.  10

for  uncontested  elections  and  we  have  a  resignation  policy  if  the

director  fails  to  receive  a  majority  of  the  votes  cast

We  hold  an  annual  say-on-pay  advisory  vote  on  executive

p.  62

compensation

Our  governance  guidelines  restrict  the  number  of  boards  our

Corporate  Governance  Guidelines

directors  may  serve  on  to  prevent  overboarding

Annual  board  and  committee  self-assessments  and  annual

Corporate  Governance  Guidelines

succession  planning

We  are  guided  by  strong  ethics  programs  and  supplier  guidelines

http://www.abbvie.com/responsibility/

home.html

Corporate  Responsibility  Highlights
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

We  are  passionate  about  our  work  to  improve  lives  and  go  about  it  in  a  sustainable  and  responsible  way.

AbbVie  has  strong  commitments  and  a  comprehensive  approach  to  corporate  responsibility  focused  on:  (i)  improving

health  outcomes,  particularly  in  areas  of  unmet  need,  and  enhancing  access  to  healthcare  across  geographies,

(ii)  operating  responsibly  and  cultivating  an  ethical,  transparent  and  inclusive  culture  to  drive  sustainable  growth,  and

(iii)  contributing  to  communities  and  addressing  challenges  of  the  underserved.  The  board  of  directors  and  public  policy

25FEB201819082788

5

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

5

PROXY  STATEMENT  SUMMARY

committee  oversee  our  corporate  responsibility  efforts,  including  how  these  efforts  are  incorporated  into  our  business

strategy.

Recent  examples  of  corporate  responsibility  projects  include:

•

Environmental  Stewardship. AbbVie  has  robust,  long-term  targets  to  reduce  our  environmental  footprint,

including  reducing  carbon  emissions  by  25  percent  by  2025  (over  2015  baseline).  In  one  year,  AbbVie

reduced  carbon  emissions  globally  by  8  percent  on  an  absolute  basis.

• Neglected  Diseases. AbbVie  scientists  have  dedicated  over  60,000  pro  bono  hours  since  the  company’s

inception  to  research  neglected  diseases.

•

Commitment  to  Diversity. Women  comprise  53%  of  AbbVie’s  total  workforce  and  46%  of  AbbVie’s

management.  We  are  recognized  as  a  leading  workplace  by  Working  Mother  Magazine’s  ‘‘100  Best

Companies  for  Working  Mothers’’  and  DiversityInc’s  ‘‘Top  50  Companies  for  Diversity.’’  In  2017,  for  the  third

consecutive  year,  AbbVie  received  a  perfect  score  of  100%  in  the  Corporate  Equality  Index  administered  by

the  Human  Rights  Campaign  Foundation.

•

Access  to  Medicines. In  2017,  nearly  80,000  U.S.  patients  were  provided  medication  at  no  cost  through

AbbVie  patient  assistance  programs.

•

Charitable  Contributions. Over  the  past  five  years,  we’ve  been  able  to  reach  more  than  19  million  people  in

more  than  85  countries  through  our  charitable  giving.  In  2017  alone,  our  response  to  natural  and

humanitarian  disasters  led  to  61  countries  receiving  product  donations  and  grants  from  AbbVie  and  the

AbbVie  Foundation.  While  continuing  our  support  of  existing  partners  through  ongoing  donations,  we

announced  in  January  2018  an  additional  charitable  contribution  of  approximately  $350  million  to  select

non-profit  organizations.  This  contribution  will  support  initiatives  such  as  the  rebuilding  of  homes  and

healthcare  infrastructure  in  Puerto  Rico,  assist  families  with  children  facing  a  serious  illness,  and  bolster

charities  that  support  our  local  community  needs.

•

Community  Engagement. Since  our  launch  in  2013,  our  employees  have  volunteered  over  237,000  hours.

We  are  proud  of  our  Week  of  Possibilities,  AbbVie’s  global  signature  volunteer  annual  event  to  benefit

underserved  populations  in  communities  where  AbbVie  employees  live  and  work.  In  2017,  more  than  7,200

employees  volunteered  to  complete  hands-on  service  projects  in  57  countries.

AbbVie’s  corporate  responsibility  efforts  have  been  consistently  recognized  by  third  parties,  including:  biotech

leader  on  the  Dow  Jones  Sustainability  Index  in  2016  and  2017  for  our  strong  social,  environmental,  governance  and

business  practices;  score  of  A-  in  2016  and  2017  on  climate  change  by  CDP  for  our  disclosure  and  sustainability  efforts;

inclusion  on  Civic  50  for  four  consecutive  years  as  one  of  the  50  most  community-minded  companies  in  the  United

States;  and  inclusion  in  FTSE4Good  since  2016.

More  details  about  our  corporate  responsibility  efforts,  key  performance  indicators,  and  areas  of  importance  to

our  stakeholders  are  available  on  our  website  at  www.abbvie.com/responsibility.

6

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

6

25FEB201819082788

PROXY  STATEMENT  SUMMARY

Executive  Compensation  Highlights
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie’s  board  of  directors  believes  a  well-designed  compensation  program  should  align  executive  interests  with

the  drivers  of  stockholder  returns  and  profitable  growth,  support  achievement  of  the  company’s  primary  business  goals,

and  attract  and  retain  world-class  executives  whose  talents  and  contributions  sustain  the  growth  in  long-term  stockholder

value.  Consequently,  the  compensation  committee  of  the  board  has  designed  and  implemented  an  executive

compensation  program  in  which  a  substantial  majority  of  named  executive  officer  (NEO)  compensation  at  AbbVie  is

performance-based.

When  determining  NEO  compensation,  the  committee  first  considers  the  median  of  the  competitive  marketplace

(as  derived  primarily  from  the  Health  Care  Peer  Group  approved  by  the  committee)  as  an  initial  benchmark  for  assessing

compensation.  The  committee  then  takes  into  account  the  company’s  overall  performance  against  the  financial,  operating

and  strategic  objectives  that  were  established  at  the  start  of  the  performance  period.  Finally,  specific  pay  determinations

are  made  for  each  NEO  based  on  his  or  her  individual  performance  against  goals  and  contributions  to  the  short-  and

long-term  performance  of  the  company.

Three  primary  components  make  up  AbbVie’s  executive  pay  program:  base  salary,  short-term  incentives  and

long-term  incentives.  The  structure  of  each  component  is  tailored  to  serve  a  specific  function  and  purpose.  The  following

is  a  summary  of  the  key  components  of  our  compensation  program.

Base Salary

 Designed to be competitive with market and industry norms, and to reflect individual performance
 Individual salaries are established relative to market median based on each NEO’s individual performance, skills, experience,

and internal equity, as well as the company’s annual operating budget  

Short-Term
Incentives

Long-Term
Incentives

 Plan utilizes non-GAAP financial goals as

well as an assessment of individual
performance against strategic objectives:  

— Net revenues
— Income before taxes
— Operating margin
— HUMIRA sales
— Return on assets
— Strategic and leadership goals

 Long-term incentive annual awards are 

granted in the form of: 

— Performance shares and
     performance-vested restricted stock
     units (80% of NEO’s LTI award)
— Non-qualified stock options (20% of
     NEO’s LTI award)

 Level of awards NEOs receive varies

according to plan design and individual
performance as reviewed by our
compensation committee 

 Targets are based on expected business, market and regulatory

conditions, including expectations for our pipeline 

 Compensation committee establishes maximum award allocations
for plan participants each year as a percentage of consolidated net
earnings, and the plan imposes a maximum of 200% of target  

 Compensation committee uses a payout matrix based on financial
performance to define and cap the range of awards at or below the
plan maximum when making its final determinations
  

 Awards are based on LTI program goals and company business

performance, as well as individual factors 

 Compensation committee determines grants for each NEO based
on its assessment of performance and progress against strategic
milestones   

 Annual award design incorporates multi-year performance periods

and multiple performance metrics, including relative total stockholder
return

27FEB201823413971

25FEB201819082788

7

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

7

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING

24FEB201823062390

Who  Can  Vote

Stockholders  of  record  at  the  close  of  business  on  March  7,  2018  will  be  entitled  to  notice  of  and  to  vote  at  the

Annual  Meeting.  As  of  March  7,  2018,  AbbVie  had  1,586,687,236  outstanding  shares  of  common  stock,  which  are

AbbVie’s  only  outstanding  voting  securities.  Each  stockholder  has  one  vote  per  share.  Stockholders  do  not  have  the  right

to  vote  cumulatively  in  electing  directors.

Notice  and  Access

In  accordance  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (SEC)  e-proxy  rules,  AbbVie  mailed  a  Notice  of

Internet  Availability  of  Proxy  Materials  (the  ‘‘Notice’’)  to  stockholders  in  March  2018.  The  Notice  describes  the  matters  to

be  considered  at  the  Annual  Meeting  and  how  stockholders  can  access  the  proxy  materials  online.  It  also  provides

instructions  on  how  stockholders  can  vote  their  shares.  If  you  received  the  Notice,  you  will  not  receive  a  printed  version

of  the  proxy  materials  unless  you  request  one.  If  you  would  like  to  receive  a  printed  version  of  the  proxy  materials,  free

of  charge,  please  follow  the  instructions  on  the  Notice.

Voting  by  Proxy

AbbVie’s  stockholders  may  vote  their  shares  by  telephone,  the  Internet,  or  at  the  Annual  Meeting.  If  you  vote  by

telephone  or  the  Internet,  you  do  not  need  to  return  your  proxy  card.  The  instructions  for  voting  can  be  found  on  the

Notice,  on  the  website  listed  in  the  Notice,  and,  if  you  received  one,  on  your  proxy  card.  If  you  requested  a  printed

version  of  the  proxy  card,  you  may  also  vote  by  mail.

Revoking  a  Proxy

You  may  revoke  your  proxy  by  voting  in  person  at  the  Annual  Meeting  or,  at  any  time  prior  to  the  meeting:

•

by  delivering  a  written  notice  to  the  secretary  of  AbbVie,

•

by  delivering  an  authorized  proxy  with  a  later  date,  or

•

by  voting  by  telephone  or  the  Internet  after  you  have  given  your  proxy.

Discretionary  Voting  Authority

Unless  otherwise  specified  in  accordance  with  the  instructions  on  the  proxy,  the  persons  named  in  the  proxy  will

vote  the  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock  covered  by  proxies  they  receive  to  elect  the  four  nominees  named  in  Item  1

on  the  proxy  card.  If  a  nominee  becomes  unavailable  to  serve,  the  shares  will  be  voted  for  a  substitute  designated  by

the  board  of  directors  or  for  fewer  than  four  nominees  if,  in  the  judgment  of  the  proxy  holders,  such  action  is  necessary

or  desirable.

Where  a  stockholder  has  specified  a  choice  for  or  against  the  proposals  to  be  presented  at  the  Annual  Meeting

or  if  the  stockholder  has  chosen  to  abstain,  the  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock  represented  by  the  proxy  will  be  voted

(or  not  voted)  as  specified.  Where  no  choice  has  been  specified,  the  proxy  will  be  voted  FOR  the  ratification  of  Ernst  &

Young  LLP  as  auditors,  FOR  the  approval  of  executive  compensation,  FOR  management’s  recommendation  to  hold  a  vote

to  approve  executive  compensation  annually,  FOR  the  management  proposal  regarding  the  annual  election  of  directors,

FOR  the  management  proposal  to  eliminate  supermajority  voting,  and  AGAINST  each  of  the  stockholder  proposals.

The  board  of  directors  is  not  aware  of  any  other  issue  that  may  properly  be  brought  before  the  meeting.  If

other  matters  are  properly  brought  before  the  meeting,  the  accompanying  proxy  will  be  voted  in  accordance  with  the

judgment  of  the  proxy  holders.

8

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

8

INFORMATION  ABOUT  THE  ANNUAL  MEETING

Quorum  and  Vote  Required  to  Approve  Each  Item  on  the  Proxy

A  majority  of  the  outstanding  shares  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors,  represented  in  person

or  by  proxy,  constitutes  a  quorum.  Directors  are  elected  by  stockholders  in  an  uncontested  election  if  a  majority  of  the

votes  cast  are  ‘‘for’’  a  director’s  re-election  at  the  Annual  Meeting,  excluding  abstentions  and  broker  non-votes.  For  other

matters,  the  affirmative  vote  of  a  majority  of  the  shares  represented,  in  person  or  by  proxy,  at  the  meeting  and  entitled

to  vote  on  a  matter  shall  be  the  act  of  the  stockholders  with  respect  to  that  matter;  except  for  the  management

proposal  regarding  the  annual  election  of  directors,  and  the  management  proposal  to  eliminate  supermajority  voting,

each  of  which  require  the  affirmative  vote  of  shares  representing  not  less  than  eighty  percent  (80%)  of  the  outstanding

shares  of  capital  stock  of  AbbVie  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors  pursuant  to  Article  XI  of  AbbVie’s

Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation.

Effect  of  Broker  Non-Votes  and  Abstentions

A  proxy  submitted  by  an  institution  such  as  a  broker  or  bank  that  holds  shares  for  the  account  of  a  beneficial

owner  may  indicate  that  all  or  a  portion  of  the  shares  represented  by  that  proxy  are  not  being  voted  with  respect  to  a

particular  matter.  This  could  occur,  for  example,  when  the  broker  or  bank  is  not  permitted  to  vote  those  shares  in  the

absence  of  instructions  from  the  beneficial  owner  of  the  stock.  These  ‘‘non-voted  shares’’  will  be  considered  shares  not

present  and,  therefore,  not  entitled  to  vote  on  those  matters,  although  these  shares  may  be  considered  present  and

entitled  to  vote  for  other  purposes.  Brokers  and  banks  have  discretionary  authority  to  vote  shares  in  the  absence  of

instructions  on  matters  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange  considers  ‘‘routine,’’  such  as  the  ratification  of  the  appointment  of

the  auditors.  They  do  not  have  discretionary  authority  to  vote  shares  in  absence  of  instructions  on  ‘‘non-routine’’

matters.  The  election  of  directors,  the  advisory  vote  on  the  approval  of  executive  compensation,  the  advisory  vote  on  the

frequency  of  votes  to  approve  executive  compensation,  the  management  proposal  regarding  the  annual  election  of

directors,  the  management  proposal  to  eliminate  supermajority  voting,  and  the  stockholder  proposals  are  considered

‘‘non-routine’’  matters.  Non-voted  shares  will  not  affect  the  determination  of  the  outcome  of  the  vote  on  any  matter  to

be  decided  at  the  meeting.  Shares  represented  by  proxies  that  are  present  and  entitled  to  vote  on  a  matter  but  that

have  elected  to  abstain  from  voting  on  that  matter,  other  than  the  election  of  directors,  will  have  the  effect  of  votes

against  that  matter.

Inspectors  of  Election

The  inspectors  of  election  and  the  tabulators  of  all  proxies,  ballots,  and  voting  tabulations  that  identify

stockholders  are  independent  and  are  not  AbbVie  employees.

Cost  of  Soliciting  Proxies

AbbVie  will  bear  the  cost  of  making  solicitations  from  its  stockholders  and  will  reimburse  banks  and  brokerage

firms  for  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  this  solicitation.  Proxies  may  be  solicited  by  mail,  telephone,

Internet,  or  in  person  by  directors,  officers,  or  employees  of  AbbVie  and  its  subsidiaries.

AbbVie  has  retained  Georgeson  Inc.  to  aid  in  the  solicitation  of  proxies,  at  an  estimated  cost  of  $19,500  plus

reimbursement  for  reasonable  out-of-pocket  expenses.

AbbVie  Savings  Plan

Participants  in  the  AbbVie  Savings  Plan  will  receive  voting  instructions  for  their  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock

held  in  the  AbbVie  Savings  Plan  Trust.  The  Trust  is  administered  by  both  a  trustee  and  an  investment  committee.  The

trustee  is  The  Northern  Trust  Company.  The  members  of  the  investment  committee  are  William  H.S.  Preece,  Tabetha  A.

Skarbek  and  Michael  J.  Thomas,  employees  of  AbbVie.  The  voting  power  with  respect  to  the  shares  is  held  by  and

shared  between  the  investment  committee  and  the  participants.  The  investment  committee  must  solicit  voting

instructions  from  the  participants  and  follow  the  voting  instructions  it  receives.  The  investment  committee  may  use  its

own  discretion  with  respect  to  those  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock  for  which  no  voting  instructions  are  received.

9

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

9

INFORMATION  CONCERNING  DIRECTOR  NOMINEES

(ITEM  1)

24FEB201823062508

The  board  of  directors  consists  of  three  classes  currently  comprised  of  three  directors  in  Class  I  and  four

directors  or  director  nominees  in  Classes  II  and  III.  Directors  of  one  class  are  elected  each  year  for  a  term  of  three  years.

The  Class  III  directors  are  presented  for  re-election  to  hold  office  until  the  expiration  of  their  term  at  the  2021  annual

meeting  of  stockholders  and  until  their  successors  are  elected  and  qualified  or  until  their  earlier  death  or  resignation.

Directors  are  elected  by  stockholders  if  a  majority  of  the  votes  cast  are  ‘‘for’’  a  director’s  re-election  at  the

Annual  Meeting,  excluding  abstentions  and  broker  non-votes.  For  more  information  on  the  director  majority  vote

standard,  see  AbbVie’s  By-Laws  as  listed  as  an  exhibit  to  AbbVie’s  2017  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K.  All  of  the

nominees,  except  for  Ms.  Roberts,  are  currently  serving  as  directors.  Ms.  Roberts  was  recommended  for  election  by  the

nominations  and  governance  committee.

Class  III—Directors  Whose  Terms  Expire  in  2018
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Roxanne  S.  Austin

President,  Austin  Investment  Advisors

Ms.  Austin  is  president  of  Austin  Investment  Advisors,  a  private  investment  and  consulting  firm,

and  chairs  the  U.S.  Mid-market  Investment  Advisory  Committee  of  EQT  Partners.  Previously,

Ms.  Austin  also  served  as  the  president  and  chief  executive  officer  of  Move  Networks,  Inc.,  a

17JAN201314185859

provider  of  Internet  television  services.  Ms.  Austin  served  as  president  and  chief  operating  officer

of  DIRECTV,  Inc.  Ms.  Austin  also  served  as  executive  vice  president  and  chief  financial  officer  of

Committees:

Hughes  Electronics  Corporation  and  as  a  partner  of  Deloitte  &  Touche  LLP.  Ms.  Austin  is  also  a

Audit  Compensation director  of  Abbott  Laboratories,  Target  Corporation,  and  Teledyne  Technologies,  Inc.  Ms.  Austin

also  served  as  a  director  of  Telefonaktiebolaget  LM  Ericsson  from  2008  to  2016.

Director  since:  2013

Age:  57

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  Through  her  extensive  management  and  operating  roles,  including

her  financial  roles,  Ms.  Austin  contributes  significant  oversight  and  leadership  experience  to  the

board,  including  financial  expertise  and  knowledge  of  financial  statements,  corporate  finance  and

accounting  matters.

10

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

10

INFORMATION  CONCERNING  DIRECTOR  NOMINEES

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

Chairman  of  the  Board  and  Chief  Executive  Officer,  AbbVie  Inc.

Mr.  Gonzalez  is  the  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  of  AbbVie.  He  served  as  Abbott’s

executive  vice  president  of  the  pharmaceutical  products  group  from  July  2010  to  December  2012,

and  was  responsible  for  Abbott’s  worldwide  pharmaceutical  business,  including  commercial

2MAR201807275172

operations,  research  and  development,  and  manufacturing.  He  also  served  as  president,  Abbott

Ventures  Inc.,  Abbott’s  medical  technology  investment  arm,  from  2009  to  2011.  Mr.  Gonzalez

Director  since:  2013

joined  Abbott  in  1977  and  held  various  management  positions  before  briefly  retiring  in  2007,

Age:  64

including:  Abbott’s  president  and  chief  operating  officer;  president,  chief  operating  officer  of

Abbott’s  Medical  Products  Group;  senior  vice  president  and  president  of  Abbott’s  former  Hospital

Products  Division;  vice  president  and  president  of  Abbott’s  Health  Systems  Division;  and  divisional

vice  president  and  general  manager  for  Abbott’s  Diagnostics  Operations  in  the  United  States  and

Canada.

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  As  a  result  of  his  service  as  Abbott’s  executive  vice  president,

Pharmaceutical  Products  Group,  his  previous  service  as  Abbott’s  president  and  chief  operating

officer  and  his  more  than  30-year  career  at  Abbott,  Mr.  Gonzalez  has  developed  valuable  business,

management  and  leadership  experience,  as  well  as  extensive  knowledge  of  AbbVie  and  its  global

operations.  Mr.  Gonzalez’s  experience  and  knowledge  enable  him  to  contribute  to  AbbVie’s  board

key  insights  into  strategic,  management,  and  operational  matters.

Rebecca  B.  Roberts

Retired  President  of  Chevron  Pipe  Line  Company

Ms.  Roberts  served  as  president  of  Chevron  Pipe  Line  Company  from  2006  until  her  retirement  in

2011.  She  previously  served  as  the  president  of  Chevron  Global  Power  Generation  from  2003  to

2006,  in  addition  to  various  technical  and  management  positions  during  her  thirty-six  year  career

with  Chevron.  Ms.  Roberts  began  her  career  as  a  chemist  and  research  scientist.  Ms.  Roberts

currently  serves  on  the  board  of  directors  at  Black  Hills  Corporation,  Enbridge,  Inc.,  and  MSA

25FEB201801543127

Director  Nominee

Age:  65

Safety  Incorporated.

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  Ms.  Roberts  brings  management,  operational,  safety,  and  strategy

development  expertise  with  a  scientific  background  and  extensive  global  experience  at  Chevron.

She  provides  an  informed  perspective  to  the  board  on  regulatory  and  operational  matters  faced  by

a  complex  international  company.

11

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

11

INFORMATION  CONCERNING  DIRECTOR  NOMINEES

Glenn  F.  Tilton

Retired  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  UAL  Corporation

Mr.  Tilton  was  chairman  of  the  Midwest  for  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.  from  2011  until  his  retirement

in  2014.  From  October  2010  to  December  2012,  Mr.  Tilton  also  served  as  the  non-executive

chairman  of  the  board  of  United  Continental  Holdings,  Inc.  From  September  2002  to  October

2010,  he  served  as  chairman,  president  and  chief  executive  officer  of  UAL  Corporation,  and

chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  of  United  Air  Lines,  Inc.,  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary.  Prior  to

17JAN201314185103

Committees:

becoming  the  vice  chairman  of  Chevron  Texaco  following  the  merger  of  Texaco  Inc.  and  Chevron

Compensation

Corp.,  Mr.  Tilton  enjoyed  a  30-year  multi-disciplinary  career  with  Texaco  Inc.,  culminating  in  his

Nominations  &

election  as  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer.  Mr.  Tilton  is  also  a  director  of  Abbott  Laboratories

Governance

and  Phillips  66.  Mr.  Tilton  also  served  on  the  board  of  directors  of  Lincoln  National  Corporation

Lead  Independent

Director

from  2002  to  2007,  of  TXU  Corporation  from  2005  to  2007,  of  Corning  Incorporated  from  2010  to

2012,  and  of  United  Continental  Holdings,  Inc.  from  2010  to  2012.

Director  since:  2013

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  As  chairman  of  the  Midwest  for  JPMorgan  Chase  &  Co.  and

Age:  69

having  previously  served  as  non-executive  chairman  of  the  board  of  United  Continental

Holdings,  Inc.,  and  chairman,  president,  and  chief  executive  officer  of  UAL  Corporation  and  United

Air  Lines,  vice  chairman  of  Chevron  Texaco  and  as  interim  chairman  of  Dynegy,  Inc.,  Mr.  Tilton

acquired  strong  management  experience  overseeing  complex  multinational  businesses  operating  in

highly  regulated  industries,  as  well  as  expertise  in  finance  and  capital  markets  matters.  His

experience  as  non-executive  chairman  of  the  board  of  United  Continental  Holdings,  Inc.  also

enhances  his  contributions  as  AbbVie’s  lead  independent  director.

Class  I—Directors  Whose  Terms  Expire  in  2019
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

William  H.L.  Burnside

Retired  Senior  Vice  President  and  Director  at  The  Boston  Consulting  Group

Mr.  Burnside  is  a  retired  senior  vice  president  and  director  at  The  Boston  Consulting  Group  (BCG),

where  he  currently  serves  as  an  advisor.  Prior  to  becoming  managing  partner  of  BCG’s  Los  Angeles

office  in  1987,  he  worked  in  BCG’s  London  and  Chicago  offices,  servicing  clients  in

telecommunications,  media,  defense,  financial  services,  and  manufacturing.  Mr.  Burnside  is  a

director  at  Audubon  California.

6FEB201522131611

Committees:

Audit

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  Through  his  experience  with  The  Boston  Consulting  Group,

Nominations  &

Mr.  Burnside  contributes  knowledge  and  understanding  of  corporate  finance  and  capital  markets

Governance

matters  to  the  board,  as  well  as  global  and  domestic  strategic  advisory  experience  across  a  broad

Director  since:  2013

Age:  66

base  of  industries.

12

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

12

INFORMATION  CONCERNING  DIRECTOR  NOMINEES

Brett  J.  Hart

Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Administrative  Officer  and  General  Counsel,  United  Continental

Holdings,  Inc.

Mr.  Hart  is  the  executive  vice  president,  chief  administrative  officer  and  general  counsel  of  United

Continental  Holdings,  Inc.  (UAL)  and  United  Airlines,  Inc.,  a  position  he  has  held  since  May  2017.

8MAR201622161098

He  served  as  executive  vice  president  and  general  counsel  between  February  2012  and  May  2017.

Mr.  Hart  also  served  as  acting  chief  executive  officer  of  UAL  and  United  Airlines,  Inc.  from  October

Committees:

2015  to  March  2016.  From  December  2010  to  February  2012,  he  served  as  senior  vice  president,

Nominations  &

general  counsel  and  secretary  of  UAL,  United  and  Continental.  From  June  2009  to  December  2010,

Governance

Mr.  Hart  served  as  executive  vice  president,  general  counsel  and  corporate  secretary  at  Sara  Lee

Public  Policy

Corporation.

Director  since:  2016

Age:  48

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  As  an  executive  vice  president  and  general  counsel  for  two  large

public  companies  with  international  operations  and  having  served  as  an  acting  CEO,  Mr.  Hart

contributes  operational  and  strategic  acumen  with  expertise  in  risk  management,  legal  strategic

matters,  government  and  regulatory  affairs,  customer  and  external  facing  matters,  corporate

governance,  and  compliance.

Edward  J.  Rapp

Retired  Group  President  for  Resource  Industries  of  Caterpillar  Inc.

Mr.  Rapp  served  as  the  Caterpillar  Inc.  group  president  for  resource  industries  from  2014  until  his

retirement  in  mid-2016.  He  previously  served  at  Caterpillar  as  group  president  based  in  Singapore

in  2013  and  2014  and  as  the  chief  financial  officer  from  2010  to  2013,  and  he  was  named  a  group

president  in  2007.  Mr.  Rapp  is  presently  a  board  member  for  FM  Global.  He  is  currently  a

member  of  the  University  of  Missouri  College  of  Business  Strategic  Development  Board.

17JAN201314183678

Committees:

Audit

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  As  a  result  of  his  tenure  as  group  president  and  chief  financial

Public  Policy

officer  at  Caterpillar  Inc.,  Mr.  Rapp  has  acquired  management,  operational,  and  financial  expertise

Director  since:  2013

Age:  60

with  extensive  global  experience  and  provides  the  board  with  an  informed  perspective  on  financial

and  operational  matters  faced  by  a  complex  international  company.

Class  II—Directors  Whose  Terms  Expire  in  2020
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Robert  J.  Alpern,  M.D.

Ensign  Professor  of  Medicine,  Professor  of  Internal  Medicine,  and  Dean  of  Yale  School  of  Medicine

Dr.  Alpern  has  served  as  the  Ensign  Professor  of  Medicine,  Professor  of  Internal  Medicine,  and

Dean  of  Yale  School  of  Medicine  since  June  2004.  From  July  1998  to  June  2004,  Dr.  Alpern  was

the  Dean  of  The  University  of  Texas  Southwestern  Medical  Center.  Dr.  Alpern  also  serves  as  a

director  of  Abbott  Laboratories  and  as  a  director  on  the  Board  of  Yale-New  Haven  Hospital.

17JAN201314181230

Committees:

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  As  the  Ensign  Professor  of  Medicine,  Professor  of  Internal

Nominations  &

Medicine,  and  Dean  of  Yale  School  of  Medicine,  Dean  of  The  University  of  Texas  Southwestern

Governance

Medical  Center,  and  as  a  director  on  the  Board  of  Yale-New  Haven  Hospital,  Dr.  Alpern  contributes

Public  Policy

valuable  insights  to  the  board  through  his  medical  and  scientific  expertise  and  his  knowledge  of

the  health  care  environment  and  the  scientific  nature  of  AbbVie’s  key  research  and  development

Director  since:  2013

Age:  67

initiatives.

13

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

13

INFORMATION  CONCERNING  DIRECTOR  NOMINEES

Edward  M.  Liddy

Retired  Chairman  &  CEO,  The  Allstate  Corporation

Mr.  Liddy  served  as  a  partner  in  the  private  equity  investment  firm  Clayton,  Dubilier  &  Rice,  LLC

from  January  2010  to  December  2015.  At  the  request  of  the  Secretary  of  the  U.S.  Department  of

17JAN201314191789

the  Treasury,  Mr.  Liddy  served  as  interim  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  of  American

International  Group,  Inc.  (AIG),  a  global  insurance  and  financial  services  holding  company,  from

September  2008  to  August  2009.  From  January  1999  to  April  2008,  Mr.  Liddy  served  as  chairman

Committees:

of  the  board  of  The  Allstate  Corporation  (insurance).  He  served  as  chief  executive  officer  of

Compensation

Allstate  from  January  1999  to  December  2006,  president  from  January  1995  to  May  2005,  and

Public  Policy

chief  operating  officer  from  August  1994  to  January  1999.  Mr.  Liddy  currently  serves  on  the  board

of  directors  of  Abbott  Laboratories,  3M  Company,  and  The  Boeing  Company.

Director  since:  2013

Age:  72

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  Mr.  Liddy’s  executive  leadership  at  Allstate  and  AIG  and  his  board

service  at  several  Fortune  100  companies  enable  him  to  provide  our  board  with  valuable  insights

on  corporate  strategy,  risk  management,  corporate  governance  and  other  issues  facing  large,

global  enterprises.  Additionally,  as  a  former  chief  financial  officer,  audit  committee  chair  at

Goldman  Sachs  and  3M,  and  a  private  equity  firm  partner,  Mr.  Liddy  provides  our  board  with

significant  knowledge  and  understanding  of  corporate  finance,  capital  markets,  financial  reporting

and  accounting  matters.

Melody  B.  Meyer

26FEB201816111894

Committees:

Audit

Public  Policy

Director  since:  2017

Age:  60

President  of  Melody  Meyer  Energy,  LLC

Ms.  Meyer  is  president  of  Melody  Meyer  Energy,  LLC,  a  private  consulting  firm,  a  position  she  has

held  since  June  2016.  From  March  2011  to  April  2016,  Ms.  Meyer  served  as  the  president  of

Chevron  Asia  Pacific  Exploration  and  Production  Company.  She  previously  served  as  president  of

Chevron  Energy  Technology  Company  from  2008  to  2011,  in  addition  to  various  other  roles  over

her  thirty-seven  year  career  at  Chevron.  Ms.  Meyer  is  also  a  director  at  BP  p.I.c  and  National

Oilwell  Varco,  Inc.

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  As  a  result  of  her  tenure  at  Chevron,  Ms.  Meyer  has  acquired

operational,  management,  strategic  planning,  and  financial  expertise  with  extensive  global

experience  and  provides  an  informed  perspective  to  the  board  on  financial  and  operational

matters  faced  by  a  complex  international  company.

Frederick  H.  Waddell

Chairman  of  the  Board  and  Former  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Northern  Trust  Corporation  and  The

Northern  Trust  Company

Mr.  Waddell  has  served  as  chairman  of  the  board  of  Northern  Trust  Corporation  and  The  Northern

17JAN201314192826

Trust  Company  since  November  2009.  He  previously  served  as  chief  executive  officer  from  2008

through  2017,  as  president  from  2006  to  2011  and  again  from  October  to  December  2016,  and

chief  operating  officer  from  2006  to  2008.  Mr.  Waddell  is  also  a  director  of  International  Business

Committees:

Machines  Corporation.

Audit

Compensation

Key  Contributions  to  the  Board:  As  chairman  and  former  chief  executive  officer  of  Northern  Trust

Director  since:  2013

Age:  64

Corporation  and  The  Northern  Trust  Company,  Mr.  Waddell  contributes  broad  financial  services

experience  with  a  strong  record  of  leadership  in  a  highly  regulated  industry.

14

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

14

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ITS COMMITTEES

24FEB201823064345

The  Board  of  Directors
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  board  of  directors  held  seven  meetings  in  2017.  All  incumbent  directors  attended  one-hundred  percent  of

the  board  and  committee  meetings  in  2017.  AbbVie  encourages  its  board  members  to  attend  the  annual  stockholder

meeting.  All  of  AbbVie’s  directors  attended  the  2017  annual  stockholder  meeting.

The  board  has  determined  that  each  of  the  following  individuals  is  independent  in  accordance  with  the  New

York  Stock  Exchange  (NYSE)  listing  standards:  Dr.  Alpern,  Ms.  Austin,  Mr.  Burnside,  Mr.  Hart,  Mr.  Liddy,  Ms.  Meyer,

Mr.  Rapp,  Ms.  Roberts,  Mr.  Tilton,  and  Mr.  Waddell.  To  determine  independence,  the  board  applied  the  AbbVie  Inc.

director  independence  guidelines.  The  board  also  considered  whether  a  director  has  any  other  material  relationships  with

AbbVie  or  its  subsidiaries  and  concluded  that  none  of  these  directors  had  a  relationship  that  impaired  the  director’s

independence.  This  included  consideration  of  the  fact  that  some  of  the  directors  are  officers  or  serve  on  boards  of

companies  or  entities  to  which  AbbVie  sold  products  or  made  contributions  or  from  which  AbbVie  purchased  products

and  services  during  the  year.  This  also  included  consideration  of  the  fact  that  some  of  the  directors  serve  on  the  board

of  Abbott  Laboratories  (Abbott),  AbbVie’s  former  parent.  In  making  its  determination,  the  board  relied  on  both

information  provided  by  the  directors  and  information  developed  internally  by  AbbVie.

The  board  has  risk  oversight  responsibility  for  AbbVie  and  administers  this  responsibility  both  directly  and  with

assistance  from  its  committees.

The  board  has  determined  that  the  current  leadership  structure,  in  which  the  offices  of  chairman  of  the  board

and  chief  executive  officer  are  held  by  one  individual  and  the  chair  of  the  nominations  and  governance  committee  is

appointed  to  be  the  lead  director,  ensures  the  appropriate  level  of  oversight,  independence,  and  responsibility  is  applied

to  all  board  decisions,  including  risk  oversight,  and  is  in  the  best  interests  of  AbbVie  and  its  stockholders.  The  lead

independent  director  is  chosen  by  and  from  the  independent  members  of  the  board  of  directors.

The  lead  independent  director  responsibilities  include:

1.

facilitates  communication  with  the  board  and  presides  over  regularly  conducted  executive  sessions  of  the

independent  directors  or  sessions  where  the  chairman  of  the  board  is  not  present;

2.

reviews  and  approves  matters,  such  as  agenda  items,  schedule  sufficiency,  and,  where  appropriate,

information  provided  to  other  board  members;

3.

serves  as  the  liaison  between  the  chairman  of  the  board  and  the  independent  directors;

4. has  the  authority  to  call  meetings  of  the  independent  directors;

5.

if  requested  by  major  stockholders,  ensures  that  he  or  she  is  available  for  consultation  and  direct

communication  as  needed;  and

6. performs  such  other  duties  as  the  board  may  determine  from  time  to  time.

All  directors  are  encouraged  to,  and  in  fact  do,  consult  with  the  chairman  on  each  of  the  above  topics,  as  well.

The  lead  director,  and  each  of  the  other  directors,  communicates  regularly  with  the  chairman  of  the  board  and  chief

executive  officer  regarding  appropriate  agenda  topics  and  other  board  related  matters.

15

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

15

THE  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS  AND  ITS  COMMITTEES

AbbVie  directors  have  backgrounds  that  when  combined  provide  a  portfolio  of  experience  and  knowledge  that

serve  AbbVie’s  governance  and  strategic  needs.  Director  nominees  are  considered  based  on  a  range  of  criteria  including

broad-based  business  knowledge  and  relationships,  prominence  and  excellent  reputations  in  their  primary  fields  of

endeavor,  as  well  as  a  global  business  perspective  and  commitment  to  good  corporate  citizenship,  and  ability  to  commit

sufficient  time  and  attention  to  the  activities  of  the  board.  They  must  have  demonstrated  experience  and  ability  that  is

relevant  to  the  board’s  oversight  role  with  respect  to  AbbVie’s  business  and  affairs.  They  must  also  be  able  and  willing  to

represent  the  stockholders’  economic  interests  and  satisfy  their  fiduciary  duties  to  stockholders  without  conflicts  of

interest.  For  more  details  on  director  qualifications,  please  see  Exhibit  A  to  AbbVie’s  Governance  Guidelines.

Each  year,  the  board  conducts  a  self-evaluation  to  determine  whether  it  and  its  committees  are  functioning

effectively.  The  full  board  discusses  the  evaluation  reports  to  determine  what,  if  any,  action  should  be  undertaken  to

improve  the  board  and  its  committees.

In  the  process  of  identifying  nominees  to  serve  as  a  member  of  the  board  of  directors,  the  nominations  and

governance  committee  considers  the  board’s  diversity  of  ethnicity,  gender,  and  geography  and  assesses  the  effectiveness

of  the  process  in  achieving  that  diversity.

Each  director’s  biography  includes  the  particular  experience  and  qualifications  that  led  the  board  to  conclude

that  the  director  should  serve  on  the  board.  The  directors’  biographies  are  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement

captioned  ‘‘Information  Concerning  Director  Nominees.’’

The  following  table  highlights  our  directors’  skills  and  experience.  The  skills  identified  below  are  considered  by

the  nominations  and  governance  committee  to  be  the  most  relevant  to  the  board’s  oversight  role  with  respect  to

AbbVie’s  business  and  affairs  and  to  drive  our  culture  of  innovation  and  responsibility.  The  specific  importance  of  each

skill  also  is  noted.

Such  skills  include,  among  others:

•

Healthcare  Industry—Relevant  to  an  industry  understanding  and  review  of  our  business  and  strategy  for

continued  innovation.

•

Leadership—For  a  board  that  can  successfully  advise  and  oversee  the  company’s  business  performance  and

represent  stockholders  interests.

•

Global  Business  and  Strategy—For  oversight  of  a  complex  global  organization  like  AbbVie  to  successfully

advise  and  oversee  the  strategic  development  and  direction  of  the  company.

•

Corporate  Governance  and  Public  Company  Board—Ensuring  directors  have  background  and  knowledge  to

perform  oversight  and  governance  roles.

•

Finance  or  Accounting—Enabling  our  directors  to  analyze  our  financial  statements,  oversee  our  capital

structure,  and  consider  financial  transactions.

•

Government  Relations  and  Regulatory—For  an  understanding  of  the  complex  regulatory  and  governmental

environment  in  which  our  business  operates.

16

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

16

THE  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS  AND  ITS  COMMITTEES

Director  Skills,  Knowledge  and  Experience  Matrix

Corporate

Global

Governance

Healthcare

and

Company

Finance  or

Relations  and

Industry

Leadership

Strategy

Board

Accounting

Regulatory

Business

and  Public

Government

⻬
⻬
⻬

⻬

⻬

⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬

⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬

⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬

⻬
⻬
⻬

⻬
⻬
⻬

⻬
⻬
⻬

⻬
⻬

⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬
⻬

Dr.  Alpern

Ms.  Austin

Mr.  Gonzalez

Mr.  Burnside

Mr.  Hart

Mr.  Liddy

Ms.  Meyer

Mr.  Rapp

Ms.  Roberts

Mr.  Tilton

Mr.  Waddell

Committees  of  the  Board  of  Directors
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  board  of  directors  has  five  committees  established  in  AbbVie’s  By-Laws:  the  audit  committee,  compensation

committee,  nominations  and  governance  committee,  public  policy  committee,  and  executive  committee.  Each  of  the

members  of  the  audit  committee,  compensation  committee,  nominations  and  governance  committee,  and  public  policy

committee  is  independent.  Mr.  Tilton  serves  as  AbbVie’s  lead  independent  director.

Audit

Compensation

Governance

Public  Policy

Committee

Committee

Committee

Committee

Nominations  and

R.  Alpern

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062032
R.  Austin

24FEB201823061424

24FEB201823062988

W.  Burnside

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062988

B.  Hart

E.  Liddy

M.  Meyer

24FEB201823062988

E.  Rapp

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823061424

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823061424

24FEB201823062626
G.  Tilton

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823061424

F.  Waddell

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062988

Number  of  meetings

6

3

4

4

24FEB201823062626

24FEB201823061424

24FEB201823062988

24FEB201823062032

Lead  Director

Chairperson

Member

Financial  Expert

17

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

17

THE  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS  AND  ITS  COMMITTEES

Audit  Committee

The  audit  committee  is  governed  by  a  written  charter.  This  committee  assists  the  board  of  directors  in  fulfilling

its  oversight  responsibility  with  respect  to  AbbVie’s  accounting  and  financial  reporting  practices  and  the  audit  process,

the  quality  and  integrity  of  AbbVie’s  financial  statements,  the  independent  auditors’  qualifications,  independence,  and

performance,  the  performance  of  AbbVie’s  internal  audit  function  and  internal  auditors,  certain  areas  of  legal  and

regulatory  compliance,  and  enterprise  risk  management.  Each  of  the  members  of  the  audit  committee  is  financially

literate,  as  required  of  audit  committee  members  by  the  NYSE,  and  the  independence  requirements  set  forth  in

Section  10A(m)(3)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended  (the  ‘‘Exchange  Act’’).  The  board  of  directors  has

determined  that  Ms.  Austin,  the  committee’s  chairperson,  is  an  ‘‘audit  committee  financial  expert.’’

Compensation  Committee

The  compensation  committee  is  governed  by  a  written  charter.  This  committee  assists  the  board  of  directors  in

carrying  out  the  board’s  responsibilities  relating  to  the  compensation  of  AbbVie’s  executive  officers  and  directors.  The

compensation  committee  annually  reviews  the  compensation  paid  to  the  directors  and  gives  its  recommendations  to  the

full  board  regarding  both  the  amount  of  director  compensation  that  should  be  paid  and  the  allocation  of  that

compensation  between  equity-based  awards  and  cash.  In  recommending  director  compensation,  the  compensation

committee  takes  into  account  director  fees  paid  by  companies  in  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer  Group  and  reviews  any

arrangement  that  could  be  viewed  as  indirect  director  compensation.  The  processes  and  procedures  used  for  the

consideration  and  determination  of  executive  compensation  are  described  in  the  ‘‘Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis’’

section  of  this  proxy  statement.  The  committee  also  reviews,  approves,  and  administers  the  incentive  compensation  plans

in  which  the  AbbVie  executive  officers  participate  and  all  of  AbbVie’s  equity-based  plans.  It  may  delegate  the

responsibility  to  administer  and  make  grants  under  these  plans  to  management,  except  to  the  extent  that  such

delegation  would  be  inconsistent  with  applicable  law  or  regulations  or  with  the  listing  rules  of  the  New  York  Stock

Exchange.  The  compensation  committee  has  the  sole  authority,  under  its  charter,  to  select,  retain  and/or  terminate

independent  advisors  who  may  assist  the  committee  in  carrying  out  its  responsibilities.  The  compensation  committee

reviews  and  discusses  with  management  and  its  independent  compensation  advisor  potential  risks  associated  with

AbbVie’s  compensation  policies  and  practices  as  discussed  in  the  ‘‘Compensation  Risk  Assessment’’  section  of  this  proxy

statement.  Each  member  of  the  committee  qualifies  as  a  ‘‘non-employee  director’’  for  purposes  of  Rule  16b-3  under  the

Exchange  Act  and  as  an  ‘‘outside  director’’  for  purposes  of  Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  162(m).

The  committee  has  engaged  Compensation  Advisory  Partners  (CAP)  as  its  independent  compensation  consultant.

The  independent  compensation  consultant  provides  counsel  and  advice  to  the  committee  on  executive  and  non-employee

director  compensation  matters.  CAP,  and  its  principal,  report  directly  to  the  chair  of  the  committee.  The  principal  meets

regularly,  and  as  needed,  with  the  committee  in  executive  sessions,  and  has  direct  access  to  the  committee  chair  during

and  between  meetings.  The  committee  determines  what  variables  it  will  instruct  CAP  to  consider,  including:  peer  groups

against  which  performance  and  pay  should  be  examined,  metrics  to  be  used  in  incentive  plans  to  assess  AbbVie’s

performance,  competitive  short-  and  long-term  incentive  practices  in  the  marketplace,  and  compensation  levels  relative

to  market  benchmarks.  The  committee  negotiates  and  approves  all  fees  paid  to  CAP  for  these  services.  AbbVie  did  not

engage  CAP  to  perform  any  other  services  during  2017.

Based  on  an  assessment  of  internally  developed  information  and  information  provided  by  CAP,  the  committee

has  determined  that  its  independent  compensation  advisor  does  not  have  a  conflict  of  interest.  A  copy  of  the

compensation  committee  report  is  included  in  the  ‘‘Compensation  Committee  Report’’  section  of  this  proxy  statement.

Nominations  and  Governance  Committee

The  nominations  and  governance  committee  is  governed  by  a  written  charter.  This  committee  assists  the  board

of  directors  in  identifying  individuals  qualified  to  become  board  members  and  recommends  to  the  board  the  nominees

for  election  as  directors  at  the  next  annual  meeting  of  stockholders,  recommends  to  the  board  the  persons  to  be  elected

as  executive  officers  of  AbbVie,  recommends  to  the  board  the  corporate  governance  guidelines  applicable  to  AbbVie,

oversees  the  evaluation  of  the  board  and  management,  and  serves  in  an  advisory  capacity  to  the  board  and  the

18

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

18

THE  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS  AND  ITS  COMMITTEES

chairman  of  the  board  on  matters  of  organization,  management  succession  plans,  major  changes  in  the  organizational

structure  of  AbbVie,  and  the  conduct  of  board  activities.  The  process  used  by  this  committee  to  identify  a  nominee  to

serve  as  a  member  of  the  board  of  directors  depends  on  the  qualities  being  sought,  as  described  on  pages  16-17.  From

time  to  time,  AbbVie  engages  an  executive  search  firm  to  assist  the  committee  in  identifying  individuals  qualified  to  be

board  members.

Public  Policy  Committee

The  public  policy  committee  is  governed  by  a  written  charter.  This  committee  assists  the  board  of  directors  in

fulfilling  its  oversight  responsibility  with  respect  to  AbbVie’s  public  policy,  certain  areas  of  legal  and  regulatory

compliance,  governmental  affairs,  health  care  compliance,  and  social  responsibility  and  environmental  matters  that  affect

or  could  affect  AbbVie  by  discharging  the  responsibilities  set  forth  in  its  charter.

Executive  Committee

The  executive  committee  members  are  Mr.  Gonzalez,  chair,  Ms.  Austin,  Mr.  Liddy,  Mr.  Rapp,  and  Mr.  Tilton.  This

committee  may  exercise  all  of  the  authority  of  the  board  in  the  management  of  AbbVie,  except  for  matters  expressly

reserved  by  law  for  board  action.

Communicating  with  the  Board  of  Directors
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stockholders  and  other  interested  parties  may  communicate  with  the  board  of  directors  by  writing  a  letter  to

the  chairman  of  the  board,  to  the  lead  director,  or  to  the  independent  directors  c/o  AbbVie  Inc.,  1  North  Waukegan

Road,  AP34,  North  Chicago,  Illinois  60064,  Attention:  corporate  secretary.  The  corporate  secretary  regularly  forwards  to

the  addressee  all  letters  other  than  mass  mailings,  advertisements,  and  other  materials  not  relevant  to  AbbVie’s  business.

In  addition,  directors  regularly  receive  a  log  of  all  correspondence  received  by  the  company  that  is  addressed  to  a

member  of  the  board  and  may  request  any  correspondence  on  that  log.

19

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

19

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

24FEB201823061790

AbbVie  employees  are  not  compensated  for  serving  on  the  board  or  board  committees.  AbbVie’s  non-employee

directors  are  compensated  for  their  service  under  the  AbbVie  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan  and  the  AbbVie  2013

Incentive  Stock  Program.  As  described  in  ‘‘Committees  of  the  Board  of  Directors—Compensation  Committee,’’  director

compensation  is  reviewed  annually  by  the  compensation  committee  with  the  independent  compensation  consultant,

including  a  review  of  director  compensation  against  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer  Group,  and  a  recommendation  is  then

provided  to  the  full  board.

The  following  table  sets  forth  the  non-employee  directors’  2017  compensation.

Change  in

Pension  Value

and

Nonqualified

Deferred

Fees

Restricted

Earned  or

Stock  Unit

Option

Compensation

All  Other

Paid  in  Cash

Awards

Awards

Earnings

Compensation

($)(1)

($)(2)

($)(3)

($)(4)

($)(5)

Total

($)

$105,000

$184,981

$0

$20,948

$25,000

$335,929

Name

R.  Alpern

R.  Austin

130,000

184,981

W.  Burnside

111,000

184,981

B.  Hart

E.  Liddy

M.  Meyer

E.  Rapp

G.  Tilton

F.  Waddell

105,000

184,981

125,000

184,981

64,750

184,981

131,000

184,981

150,000

184,981

111,000

184,981

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

5,319

320,300

25,000

320,981

25,000

314,981

0

309,981

25,000

274,731

26,044

342,025

25,000

359,981

25,000

320,981

(1) Under  the  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan  as  in  effect  during  2017,  non-employee  directors  earned  $105,000  per

year  for  service  as  a  director  and  $20,000  per  year  for  service  as  a  chair  of  a  board  committee,  other  than  the

chair  of  the  audit  committee.  The  chair  of  the  audit  committee  received  $25,000  per  year  for  service  as  chair  of

that  committee  and  the  other  members  of  the  audit  committee  received  $500  for  each  month  of  service  as  a

committee  member.  The  lead  director  received  $25,000  per  year  for  service  in  that  role.  The  non-employee  director

and  committee  fees  are  earned  monthly  for  each  calendar  month  or  portion  thereof  that  the  director  holds  the

position,  excluding  the  month  in  which  the  director  is  first  elected  to  the  position.

Fees  earned  under  the  AbbVie  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan  are,  at  the  director’s  election,  paid  in  cash,

delivered  in  the  form  of  vested  non-qualified  stock  options  (based  on  an  independent  appraisal  of  their  fair  value),

deferred  until  retirement  (as  an  unfunded  AbbVie  obligation),  or  paid  currently  into  an  individual  grantor  trust

established  by  an  eligible  director.  The  distribution  of  deferred  fees  and  amounts  held  in  a  director’s  grantor  trust

generally  commences  at  the  later  of  when  the  director  reaches  age  65  or  upon  retirement  from  the  board  of

directors.  Fees  deposited  in  a  trust  may  be  credited  to  a  stock  equivalent  account  that  earns  the  same  return  as  if

the  fees  were  invested  in  AbbVie  stock  or  to  a  guaranteed  interest  account.  If  necessary,  AbbVie  contributes  funds

to  a  director’s  trust  so  that  as  of  year-end  the  stock  equivalent  account  balance  (net  of  taxes)  is  not  less  than

seventy-five  percent  of  the  market  value  of  the  related  AbbVie  common  stock  at  year  end.

20

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

20

DIRECTOR  COMPENSATION

(2) The  amounts  in  this  column  represent  the  aggregate  grant  date  fair  value  of  the  restricted  stock  unit  awards

granted  during  2017,  determined  in  accordance  with  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (FASB)  Accounting

Standards  Codification  (ASC)  Topic  718.  AbbVie  determines  the  grant  date  fair  value  of  the  awards  by  multiplying

the  number  of  units  granted  by  the  average  of  the  high  and  low  market  prices  of  one  share  of  AbbVie  common

stock  on  the  award  grant  date.

In  addition  to  the  fees  described  in  footnote  (1),  each  non-employee  director  elected  to  or  serving  on  the  board  of

directors  at  the  2017  annual  stockholder  meeting  received  under  the  AbbVie  2013  Incentive  Stock  Program  vested

restricted  stock  units  with  a  target  grant  date  value  of  $185,000.  In  2017,  this  equated  to  2,770  restricted  stock

units  (after  rounding  the  award  down  to  the  nearest  whole  unit),  with  a  reportable  value  of  $184,981.  The

non-employee  directors  receive  cash  payments  equal  to  the  dividends  paid  on  the  shares  covered  by  the  units  at

the  same  rate  as  other  stockholders,  but  do  not  otherwise  have  access  to  the  restricted  stock  units  during  their

board  service.  Upon  termination  or  retirement  from  the  board,  death,  or  a  change  in  control  of  the  company,  a

non-employee  director  will  receive  one  common  share  for  each  restricted  stock  unit  outstanding  under  the

Incentive  Stock  Program.

The  following  AbbVie  restricted  stock  units  were  outstanding  as  of  December  31,  2017:  R.  Alpern,  21,789;

R.  Austin,  29,452;  W.  Burnside,  13,230;  B.  Hart,  5,744;  E.  Liddy,  17,216;  M.  Meyer,  2,770;  E.  Rapp,  13,230;  G.  Tilton,

25,436;  and  F.  Waddell,  13,230.  These  numbers  include,  where  applicable,  AbbVie  restricted  stock  units  issued  with

respect  to  Abbott  Laboratories  restricted  stock  units  outstanding  when  AbbVie  separated  from  Abbott  on  January  1,

2013.

(3) No  AbbVie  stock  options  were  outstanding  as  of  December  31,  2017.

(4) The  totals  in  this  column  include  reportable  interest  credited  under  the  AbbVie  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan

during  2017.

(5) Charitable  contributions  made  by  AbbVie’s  non-employee  directors  are  eligible  for  a  matching  contribution  (up  to

$25,000  annually).  For  2017  contributions,  the  AbbVie  Foundation  made  charitable  matching  contributions  on  behalf

of  the  following  AbbVie  directors:  R.  Alpern,  $25,000;  W.  Burnside,  $25,000;  B.  Hart,  $25,000;  M.  Meyer,  $25,000;

E.  Rapp,  $25,000;  G.  Tilton,  $25,000;  and  F.  Waddell,  $25,000.  This  column  also  includes  reimbursement  for  certain

taxes.

21

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

21

SECURITIES OWNERSHIP

24FEB201823064100

Securities  Ownership  of  Executive  Officers  and  Directors
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  table  below  reflects  the  number  of  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock  beneficially  owned  as  of  January  31,

2018,  by  each  director  and  director  nominee,  the  chief  executive  officer,  the  chief  financial  officer,  and  the  three  other

most  highly  paid  executive  officers  (NEOs),  and  by  all  directors,  director  nominees  and  executive  officers  of  AbbVie  as  a

group.  It  also  reflects  the  number  of  stock  equivalent  units  and  restricted  stock  units  held  by  non-employee  directors

under  the  AbbVie  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan.

Name

R.  Gonzalez

R.  Alpern

R.  Austin

W.  Burnside

B.  Hart

E.  Liddy

M.  Meyer

E.  Rapp

R.  Roberts

G.  Tilton

F.  Waddell

W.  Chase

L.  Schumacher

C.  Alban

M.  Severino

Stock  Options

Shares

Exercisable

Stock

Beneficially

within  60  days

Equivalent

Owned(1)(2)(3)

of  January  31,  2018

Units

279,337

366,260

0

21,789

36,296

13,230

5,744

18,351

2,770

15,498

0

32,786

15,230

184,044

105,732

155,187

114,922

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

468,307

283,027

432,554

273,483

5,721

0

0

0

19,664

0

12,391

0

29,229

0

0

0

0

0

All  directors  and  executive  officers  as  a  group

(4)

1,170,082

2,292,323

67,005

(1) The  table  includes  shares  held  in  the  executive  officers’  accounts  in  the  AbbVie  Savings  Plan  as  follows:  all  executive

officers  as  a  group,  3,514.  Each  executive  officer  has  shared  voting  power  and  sole  investment  power  with  respect

to  the  shares  held  in  his  or  her  account.

(2) The  table  includes  restricted  stock  units  held  by  the  non-employee  directors.  The  directors’  units  are  payable  in

stock  as  described  in  footnote  (2)  to  the  Director  Compensation  table.

(3) The  table  includes  shared  voting  and/or  investment  power  over  shares  as  follows:  R.  Gonzalez,  5,500;  G.  Tilton,

350;  W.  Chase,  501;  C.  Alban,  40,442;  and  all  directors  and  executive  officers  as  a  group,  50,666.

(4) The  directors,  director  nominee  and  executive  officers  as  a  group  own  less  than  one  percent  of  the  outstanding

shares  of  AbbVie.

22

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

22

SECURITIES  OWNERSHIP

Securities  Ownership  of  Principal  Stockholders
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  table  below  reports  the  number  of  shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock  beneficially  owned  as  of  December  31,

2017  by  Capital  Research  Global  Investors,  BlackRock,  Inc.  and  The  Vanguard  Group  (directly  or  through  subsidiaries),

respectively,  the  only  persons  known  to  AbbVie  to  own  beneficially  more  than  5%  of  AbbVie’s  outstanding  common

stock.  It  is  based  on  information  contained  in  Schedules  13G  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  by

Capital  Research  Global  Investors  on  February  14,  2018  and  by  BlackRock,  Inc.  and  by  The  Vanguard  Group  on

February  8,  2018.  Capital  Research  Global  Investors  reported  that  it  had  sole  voting  power  with  respect  to  193,010,773

shares,  shared  voting  power  with  respect  to  0  shares,  sole  dispositive  power  with  respect  to  193,010,773  shares  and

shared  dispositive  power  with  respect  to  0  shares.  The  Vanguard  Group  reported  that  it  had  sole  voting  power  with

respect  to  2,280,419  shares,  shared  voting  power  with  respect  to  346,720  shares,  sole  dispositive  power  with  respect  to

117,283,316  shares  and  shared  dispositive  power  with  respect  to  2,569,246  shares.  BlackRock,  Inc.  reported  that  it  had

sole  voting  power  with  respect  to  87,493,579  shares,  shared  voting  power  with  respect  to  0  shares,  sole  dispositive

power  with  respect  to  101,322,201  shares  and  shared  dispositive  power  with  respect  to  0  shares.

Name  and  Address  of  Beneficial  Owner

Shares  Beneficially  Owned

Percent  of  Class

Capital  Research  Global  Investors

193,010,773

12.0%

333  South  Hope  Street

Los  Angeles,  CA  90071

The  Vanguard  Group

100  Vanguard  Boulevard

Malvern,  PA  19355

BlackRock,  Inc.

55  East  52nd  Street

New  York,  NY  10055

119,852,562

7.5%

101,322,201

6.3%

23

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

23

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

24FEB201823061912

Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

This  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis  (CD&A)  describes  the  pay  philosophy  established  for  AbbVie’s  named

executive  officers  (NEOs),  the  design  of  our  compensation  programs,  the  process  used  to  examine  performance  in  the

context  of  executive  pay  decisions,  and  the  performance  goals  and  results  for  each  NEO:

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

Chairman  of  the  Board  and  Chief  Executive  Officer

William  J.  Chase

Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Financial  Officer

Laura  J.  Schumacher

Executive  Vice  President,  External  Affairs,  General  Counsel  and  Corporate  Secretary

Carlos  Alban

Executive  Vice  President,  Commercial  Operations

Michael  E.  Severino

Executive  Vice  President,  Research  &  Development  and  Chief  Scientific  Officer

Although  we  describe  our  programs  in  the  context  of  the  NEOs,  it  is  important  to  note  that  our  programs

generally  have  broad  eligibility  and  therefore  in  most  cases  apply  to  employee  populations  outside  the  NEO  group  as

well.

CD&A  Table  of  Contents

The  CD&A  is  organized  as  follows:

I.  Executive  Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Compensation  Philosophy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Business  Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Business  Performance  Highlights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Components  of  our  Compensation  Program . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017  Performance  Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Stockholder  Engagement

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Compensation  Program  Governance  Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

II.  Executive  Compensation  Process . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Commitment  to  Performance-Based  Awards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Committee  Process  for  Setting  Total  Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Compensation  Benchmarking . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Role  of  the  Compensation  Consultant

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Compensation  Risk  Oversight . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

III.  Compensation  Plan  Elements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Base  Salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Short-Term  Incentives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Long-Term  Incentives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Employment  Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Excise  Tax  Gross-Ups . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Change  in  Control  Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

IV.  Other  Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Stock  Ownership  Guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Clawback  Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

25

25

25

26

31

31

32

33

33

33

33

34

34

34

35

35

35

38

39

40

40

40

40

40

41

Anti-Hedging  and  Anti-Pledging  Policies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

41

24

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

24

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

I.

Executive  Summary

Compensation  Philosophy

At  AbbVie,  the  board  of  directors  and  management  believe  a  well-designed  compensation  program  should  align

executive  interests  with  the  drivers  of  stockholder  returns  and  profitable  growth,  support  achievement  of  the  company’s

primary  business  goals,  and  attract  and  retain  world-class  executives  whose  talents  and  contributions  sustain  the  growth

in  long-term  stockholder  value.  The  board  believes  it  has  implemented  a  compensation  program  that  appropriately

balances  short-  and  long-term  strategic  objectives  and  directly  links  compensation  to  stockholder  value  with  more  than

three-fourths  of  the  total  direct  compensation  paid  to  NEOs  tied  to  performance.

Business  Overview

AbbVie’s  products  are  focused  on  treating  conditions  such  as  chronic  autoimmune  diseases  in  rheumatology,

gastroenterology  and  dermatology;  oncology,  including  blood  cancers;  virology,  including  hepatitis  C  virus  and  human

immunodeficiency  virus;  neurological  disorders,  such  as  Parkinson’s  disease;  metabolic  diseases,  including  thyroid  disease

and  complications  associated  with  cystic  fibrosis;  as  well  as  other  serious  health  conditions.

Our  pipeline  includes  more  than  60  compounds  or  indications  in  development  across  important  medical

specialties  such  as  immunology,  oncology  and  neuoscience,  with  additional  targeted  investment  in  cystic  fibrosis  and

women’s  health.

25

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

25

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Business  Performance  Highlights

AbbVie  has  Delivered  Robust  Financial  Results  since  Separation

Performance from 2013 Inception to 2017 Year End

10.7%

15.6%

Adjusted net revenues – compound annual growth rate*

Adjusted diluted earnings per share – compound annual
growth rate*

630

Basis points

Operating margin expansion, adjusted*
Committed to driving an adjusted operating margin profile of 50 percent by 2020

238.5%

5-year total stockholder return

$100BN

Increase in market capitalization
Added significant stockholder value

78%

60+

Increase in quarterly dividend**
Raised quarterly dividend to $0.71 per share from $0.40 per share at inception

Active clinical development programs
More than 30 new products or indications in late-stage development or under regulatory review

27FEB201822562361

The  measures  set  forth  above  were  calculated  as  of  December  31,  2017.

* Net  revenues,  diluted  earnings  per  share  and  operating  margin  are  adjusted  to  exclude  certain

specified  items  and  are  non-GAAP  measures,  which  are  reconciled  in  Appendix  C.

** In  February  2018,  AbbVie  increased  its  quarterly  cash  dividend  by  an  additional  35  percent  from

$0.71  per  share  to  $0.96  per  share  payable  May 15,  2018  to  stockholders  of  record  at  the  close

of  business  on  April 13,  2018.

AbbVie  has  delivered  a  strong  compound  annual  growth  rate  (CAGR)  since  inception  on  adjusted  net  revenues

and  adjusted  diluted  earnings  per  share  (EPS),  placing  AbbVie  in  the  top  quartile  of  its  Health  Care  Peer  Group.

Additionally,  AbbVie  is  committed  to  a  robust  return  of  capital  to  stockholders  with  an  increase  of  78%  in  its  dividend

since  2013  as  part  of  a  balanced  and  disciplined  capital  allocation  program.  In  Febuary  2018,  AbbVie  increased  its

dividend  by  an  additional  35%,  resulting  in  a  total  dividend  increase  of  140%  since  AbbVie  became  an  independent

company.  AbbVie’s  total  stockholder  return  (TSR)  since  inception  of  238.5%  also  places  AbbVie  at  the  top  of  its  Health

Care  Peer  Group,  and  more  than  130  percentage  points  above  the  Standard  &  Poor’s  500  Index  and  more  than

168  percentage  points  above  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index  over  the  same  time  period.

26

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

26

AbbVie  also  Delivered  Strong  Business  Performance  in  2017

AbbVie  has  built  a  strong  foundation  for  its  business  and  2017  was  an  exceptional  year,  as  evidenced  by  a

number  of  business  highlights:

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

• Net  Revenues: AbbVie  reported  full-year  net  revenues  of  $28.2  billion  on  a  GAAP  and  adjusted  basis,  an

increase  of  10.1%  over  2016,  excluding  the  impact  of  foreign  exchange.  This  reflects  growth  in  the  top-tier

of  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer  Group.

•

HUMIRA: AbbVie  delivered  global  HUMIRA  sales  of  $18.4  billion,  an  increase  of  14.6%  on  a  reported  basis,

or  14.4%  excluding  the  impact  of  foreign  exchange.  HUMIRA’s  performance  was  driven  by  continued  biologic

penetration  across  therapeutic  categories  and  geographies.

•

IMBRUVICA: Global  IMBRUVICA  net  revenue  was  $2.6  billion,  an  increase  of  40.5%,  driven  by  market  share

growth  in  front-line  chronic  lymphocytic  leukemia  (CLL)  and  other  approved  indications.

•

Gross  and  Operating  Margins: In  2017,  AbbVie  reported  a  gross  margin  of  75.1%  on  a  GAAP  basis  or  80.5%

of  net  revenues  on  an  adjusted  basis.  AbbVie’s  operating  margin  was  34.0%  on  a  GAAP  basis  or  42.6%  of

net  revenues  on  an  adjusted  basis.

•

Earnings  Per  Share: AbbVie  reported  full-year  diluted  EPS  of  $3.30  on  a  GAAP  basis  and  adjusted  diluted

EPS  of  $5.60,  up  16.2%.  This  reflects  growth  in  the  very  top-tier  of  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer  Group.  For

2018,  AbbVie  provided  a  diluted  EPS  guidance  range  of  $6.45  to  $6.55  on  a  GAAP  basis  and  $7.33  to  $7.43

on  an  adjusted  basis.  The  midpoint  of  the  adjusted  guidance  represents  growth  of  32%  over  2017,  reflecting

strong  operating  dynamics  in  the  underlying  business  and  the  enactment  of  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act.

•

Regulatory  Milestones: AbbVie  also  achieved  a  number  of  regulatory  milestones  in  markets  worldwide  for

several  key  products,  including  regulatory  approvals  for  MAVYRET,  the  company’s  next-generation,

pan-genotypic  treatment  for  HCV,  as  well  as  two  new  indications  for  IMBRUVICA  in  relapsed/refractory

marginal  zone  lymphoma  and  second-line  chronic  graft-versus-host disease.

•

Pipeline  Development: With  a  record  number  of  programs  in  mid-  and  late-stage  development,  AbbVie

made  significant  pipeline  advancements  in  2017.  AbbVie  announced  data  from  a  dozen  pivotal  trials,

initiated  a  number  of  important  phase  transitions  across  our  key  development  programs  and  made  multiple

regulatory  submissions.  AbbVie  reported  positive  results  from  several  registrational  trials  for  the  company’s

next-generation  immunology  assets,  upadacitinib  and  risankizumab,  in  RA  and  psoriasis,  respectively.  Based

on  strong  mid-stage  data,  the  company  decided  to  advance  these  assets  into  Phase 3  development  for  a

number  of  follow-on  indications,  including  Crohn’s  disease,  psoriatic  arthritis  and  atopic  dermatitis.  Results

from  the  Phase 3  MURANO  trial  showed  a  profound  improvement  in  progression-free  survival  in  patients

treated  with  combination  treatment  of  VENCLEXTA  and  Rituxan  compared  to  a  standard  regimen.  As  a

result,  a  regulatory  application  was  submitted  for  VENCLEXTA  for  relapsed/refractory  chronic  lymphocytic

leukemia.  A  regulatory  application  also  was  submitted  for  elagolix  for  endometriosis-associated  pain.  Both

VENCLEXTA  and  elagolix  received  priority  review  designations  from  the  FDA.

27

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

27

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

The  graphs  below  illustrate  AbbVie’s  growth  of  net  revenue  and  diluted  EPS  in  2017  versus  2016.

Net Revenues*

Diluted EPS*

$25.6

$28.2

$5.60

$4.82

)

N
B
$
(

2016

2017

2016

2017

24FEB201823060944

*  Net  revenues  and  diluted  earnings  per  share  are  adjusted  for  specified

items,  including  the  impact  of  intangible  asset  amortization,  and  are

non-GAAP  measures,  which  are  reconciled  in  Appendix  C.

Performance  Relative  to  Peer  Group

AbbVie  is  in  the  top  tier  of  its  peers  on  several  financial  measures.  The  chart  below  outlines  AbbVie’s

performance  relative  to  its  Health  Care  Peer  Group  in  2017.

Metric

GAAP Sales Growth

Adjusted Operating Income Growth

Adjusted EPS Growth

Adjusted Return on Equity

AbbVie Percentile Rank − 2017

0th

25th

50th

75th

100th

100%

84%

94%

100%

7MAR201815312480

28

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

28

In  addition,  AbbVie  has  delivered  industry-leading  performance  over  the  longer  term,  as  demonstrated  in  the

chart  below  reflecting  the  company’s  three-year  performance  relative  to  its  Health  Care  Peer  Group.

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Metric

GAAP Sales Growth

Adjusted Operating Income Growth

Adjusted EPS Growth

Adjusted Return on Equity

AbbVie Percentile Rank – 2015-2017

0th

25th

50th

75th

100th

100%

100%

100%

100%

7MAR201812041303

29

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

29

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Total  Stockholder  Return  (TSR)  Performance

Over  the  five  years  since  AbbVie’s  separation  from  Abbott,  we  have  delivered  a  total  stockholder  return  of

238.5%,  which  places  us  at  the  top  of  our  Health  Care  Peers  and  surpasses  the  cumulative  total  returns  of  the

Standard  &  Poor’s  500  Index  and  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index,  as  shown  in  the  graph  below.  The  graph  covers

the  period  from  January  2,  2013  (the  first  day  AbbVie’s  common  stock  began  ‘‘regular-way’’  trading  on  the  NYSE)  through

December  31,  2017.  The  graph  assumes  $100  was  invested  in  AbbVie  common  stock  and  each  index  on  January  2,  2013

and  also  assumes  the  reinvestment  of  dividends.  The  stock  price  performance  in  the  following  graph  is  not  necessarily

indicative  of  future  stock  price  performance.

Comparison  of  Cumulative  Total  Return  since  AbbVie’s  Launch

$350

$300

$250

$200

$150

$100

1/2/2013

12/31/2013

12/31/2014

12/31/2015

12/31/2016

12/31/2017

AbbVie Inc.

S&P 500 Index

NYSE Arca Pharmaceutical Index

27FEB201822562115

AbbVie  is  Positioned  for  Future  Growth

AbbVie  is  well-positioned  to  deliver  strong  top-  and  bottom-line  performance  through  2020  and  beyond.  The

company  has  established  growth  platforms  in  some  of  the  largest  and  most  attractive  market  segments,  including

immunology,  oncology,  virology  and  neuroscience,  and  has  built  a  compelling  pipeline  which  will  contribute  significantly

to  future  performance.  AbbVie  is  committed  to  top-line  growth  and  operating  margin  expansion.  In  October  2017,

AbbVie  reaffirmed  its  commitment  to  meet  or  exceed  the  long-term  strategic  and  financial  objectives  outlined  in  October

2015.  These  include  an  expectation  to  deliver  annual  double-digit  adjusted  EPS  growth  on  average  through  2020,

company  net  revenues  of  approximately  $37  billion  in  2020,  and  an  adjusted  operating  margin  profile  of  50  percent  in

2020.

30

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

30

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Components  of  our  Compensation  Program

The  compensation  committee  of  the  board  oversees  our  executive  compensation  program,  which  includes

several  compensation  elements  that  have  each  been  tailored  to  incentivize  and  reward  specific  aspects  of  company

performance  the  board  believes  are  central  to  delivering  long-term  stockholder  value.  Key  components  of  our

compensation  program  are  listed  below.

Base Salary

Designed to be competitive with market and industry norms, and to reflect 
individual performance
Individual salaries are established relative to market median based on each
NEO's individual performance, skills, and experience, and internal equity, as 
well as the company's annual operating budget

Short-Term Incentives

Performance Incentive Plan (PIP)

Based on non-GAAP performance measures such as:

— Net revenues
— Income before taxes
— Operating margin
— HUMIRA sales
— Return on assets
— Strategic and leadership goals

Long-Term Incentives

80% Performance shares and performance-vested restricted stock units
20% Non-qualified stock options

27FEB201823413832

The  committee  is  dedicated  to  ensuring  that  a  substantial  portion  of  executive  compensation  is  ‘‘at-risk’’  and

variable.  Generally,  more  than  three-fourths  of  our  NEOs’  total  direct  compensation  is  variable  and  directly  affected  by

both  the  company’s  and  the  NEO’s  performance.

2017  Performance  Results

The  performance  targets  established  under  our  annual  and  long-term  incentive  plans  are  rigorous  and  calibrated

to  a  range  of  potential  outcomes,  with  above  target  payouts  for  strong  performance  and  below  target  payouts  (including

no  payout)  for  below  target  performance.  Targets  are  based  on  expected  business,  market  and  regulatory  conditions,

including  expectations  for  our  pipeline.  The  financial  goals  shown  in  the  following  table  were  carried  by  all  of  the  NEOs

as  part  of  their  2017  performance  goals.  The  specific  weightings  for  each  NEO  are  established  at  the  start  of  each

performance  year  based  on  the  NEO’s  role  and  anticipated  contributions  to  the  company’s  annual  objectives.  Financial

goals  are  set  rigorously;  achievement  of  these  targets  has  resulted  in  top-tier  industry  performance.

31

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

31

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Financial  Goals

Goal  and  Expected  Result

Result(1)

A. Non-GAAP  Net  Revenues  of  $28.1BN

A.

$28.1BN

(2)

Outcome

Achieved

B. Non-GAAP  Income  Before  Taxes  of  $10.9BN

B.

$11.2BN

Achieved  Above  Target

C.

Adjusted  Return  on  Assets  of  16.8%

C.

17.0%

Achieved  Above  Target

D. Non-GAAP  Operating  Margin  of  $12.0BN

D.

$12.1BN

Achieved  Above  Target

E.

HUMIRA  Sales  of  $18.4BN

E.

$18.3BN

(2)

Achieved

Performance  Against

Annual  Goals

100%

100%

100%

100%

99%

(1) Results  achieved  reflect  certain  specified  items,  which  are  reconciled  in  Appendix  C.

(2) Net  revenues  and  HUMIRA  sales  are  evaluated  on  a  constant  currency  basis.

In  addition  to  the  financial  goals  set  forth  above,  each  of  our  NEOs  also  has  individual  performance  goals  that

the  committee  reviews  and  ensures  are  appropriately  rigorous  and  in  line  with  the  long-term  success  of  the  company.

Each  NEO  achieved  or  exceeded  his  or  her  2017  goals,  which  are  listed  below:

•

Richard  A.  Gonzalez: Drive  top-tier  business  performance;  execute  key  strategic  initiatives  to  drive

sustainable  long-term  business  performance;  deliver  value  to  our  stockholders,  building  investor  confidence

and  credibility;  successfully  advance  mid-  and  late-stage  pipeline  assets;  continue  to  drive  employee

engagement  and  motivation  around  AbbVie’s  mission  and  future  prospects;  and  advance  our  transformation

to  a  biopharmaceutical  culture.

• William  J.  Chase: Achieve  proprietary  pharmaceutical  pipeline  enhancement  objectives;  and  provide  support

on  corporate  strategic  initiatives  and  build  shareholder  value  through  investor  activities.

•

Laura  J.  Schumacher: Successfully  continue  to  develop  and  implement  strategies  to  effectively  resolve  key

litigation  matters;  achieve  proprietary  pharmaceutical  pipeline  enhancement  objectives;  execute  biologics

strategic  development  initiatives;  and  support  research  and  development  initiatives  per  company  strategy.

•

Carlos  Alban: Achieve  key  product  milestones;  and  successfully  adapt  and  execute  market  strategies  relative

to  external  considerations.

• Michael  E.  Severino: Achieve  key  research  and  development  milestones  per  company  strategy;  and  achieve

proprietary  pipeline  enhancement  objectives.

Stockholder  Engagement

2017  Say  on  Pay  Results

At  our  2017  Annual  Meeting,  the  say  on  pay  proposal  received  support  from  95%  of  our  stockholders.  The  board

and  compensation  committee  are  encouraged  by  the  continued,  consistent  stockholder  support  for  our  executive

compensation  program.

AbbVie  is  committed  to  regular,  ongoing  engagement  with  stockholders  to  ensure  that  we  continue  to

understand  stockholder  feedback  about  our  compensation  program  and  incorporate  that  feedback  into  the  compensation

decision-making  process.  To  that  end,  in  2017  AbbVie  approached  and  engaged  stockholders  holding  approximately  40%

of  the  company’s  outstanding  shares.  In  these  discussions,  the  aggregate  feedback  acknowledged  the  alignment  of  our

executives’  pay  with  AbbVie’s  performance  and  expressed  support  of  our  compensation  program,  consistent  with  the

level  of  stockholder  support  for  our  say  on  pay  proposals  since  inception.  The  feedback  informs  the  compensation

32

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

32

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

committee’s  continuous  assessment  of  the  program  design  and  ongoing  discussions  with  stockholders,  which  contribute

to  the  evolution  of  the  program.

Compensation  Program  Governance  Summary

In  addition  to  strong  alignment  of  pay  with  the  performance  of  the  company  and  our  NEOs,  we  maintain  and

are  committed  to  good  governance  practices,  including  the  following:

New
⻬ Specific  weightings  for  CEO  annual  incentive  goals  implemented

Ongoing
⻬ Long-term  incentive  design  emphasizing  multiple,  relative  performance  metrics  and  multi-year  performance

periods

— Uses  a  multi-factor  model  for  performance  metrics

— Incorporates  relative  total  stockholder  return

— Dividends  on  outstanding  equity  awards  are  paid  only  at  vesting  and  only  on  earned  shares

⻬ Majority  of  NEO  compensation  tied  to  long-term  performance
⻬ Short-  and  long-term  incentive  programs  closely  align  pay  with  performance
⻬ Annual  incentive  payout  matrix  used  to  define  and  cap  the  range  for  the  committee’s  determinations  (at  or

below  the  plan  maximum  of  200%  of  target)

⻬ Robust  stock  ownership  guidelines  of  6x  salary  for  CEO  and  3x  salary  for  NEOs
⻬ Robust  stock  ownership  guideline  of  5x  annual  fees  for  non-employee  directors
⻬ NEOs  must  hold  and  not  sell  equity  until  the  minimum  stock  ownership  requirement  is  satisfied
⻬ Double-trigger  requirements  for  equity  acceleration  and  other  benefits  in  the  event  of  a  change  in  control
⻬ No  tax  gross-ups  in  executive  compensation  program
⻬ No  duplication  of  performance  metrics  in  short- and  long-term  incentives
⻬ No  repricing  of  stock  options  without  express  stockholder  approval
⻬ No  employment  contracts
⻬ No  guaranteed  short-term  incentives  or  equity  awards
⻬ Anti-hedging  and  anti-pledging  policies
⻬ Independent  compensation  consultant  that  performs  no  other  work  for  the  company
⻬ Committee  has  broad  discretion  to  claw  back  incentive  awards  in  the  unlikely  event  of  a  restatement  of  earnings
⻬ Proactive  stockholder  engagement  process

II.

Executive  Compensation  Process

Commitment  to  Performance-Based  Awards

More  than  three-fourths  of  AbbVie’s  NEO  pay  is  performance-based.  Specific  goals  and  targets  are  the

foundation  of  our  pay-for-performance  process,  and  this  section  describes  how  they  apply  to  each  pay  component.

Though  quantitative  metrics  such  as  financial  and  operational  results  are  a  central  part  of  our  performance  assessment,

some  goals  such  as  leadership  and  progress  against  strategic  and  long-term  objectives  are  difficult  to  measure  using

numeric  or  formulaic  criteria.  As  such,  the  compensation  committee  also  conducts  a  qualitative  assessment  of  individual

performance  to  ensure  the  overall  assessment  of  performance  and  pay  decisions  are  aligned  with  the  company’s  true

performance  over  a  period  of  time.  The  elimination  of  the  performance-based  compensation  deduction  under  Code

Section  162(m)  has  not  altered  the  commitment  of  the  company  and  the  compensation  committee  to  performance-based

compensation  principles.  A  discussion  of  the  decision-making  criteria  for  each  pay  component  follows.

Committee  Process  for  Setting  Total  Compensation

Each  February,  the  committee,  with  the  assistance  of  its  independent  compensation  consultant  and  AbbVie’s

management  team,  determines  pay  levels  for  NEOs.  The  process  starts  with  a  consideration  of  compensation  levels  and

the  mix  of  compensation  for  comparable  executives  at  companies  in  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer  Group,  which  are  listed

33

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

33

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

below  in  the  section  captioned  ‘‘Compensation  Benchmarking.’’  After  this  benchmark  review,  the  committee  establishes

NEO  compensation—base  salary  adjustments,  annual  incentive  awards,  and  long-term  incentive  awards—relative  to  the

peer  median  in  each  instance.  Awards  can  be  differentiated  from  peer  compensation  levels  based  on  each  NEO’s

individual  performance,  leadership,  and  contributions  to  AbbVie’s  business  and  strategic  performance.

Compensation  Benchmarking

To  provide  the  appropriate  context  for  executive  pay  decisions,  the  committee,  in  consultation  with  its

independent  compensation  consultant,  assesses  the  compensation  practices  and  pay  levels  of  AbbVie’s  Health  Care  Peer

Group.  The  committee  chooses  to  focus  on  the  Health  Care  Peer  Group  because  its  constituents  share  important

characteristics  with  AbbVie,  particularly  the  global  emphasis  on  research-based  pharmaceuticals  and  biopharmaceutical

therapies  and  the  regulatory  environment  within  which  they  operate.  Members  of  the  Health  Care  Peer  Group  are

AbbVie’s  primary  competitors  for  executive  talent  and  are  companies  the  committee  believes  chiefly  represent  our

competitive  market:

Health  Care  Peer  Group

Amgen,  Inc.

Bristol-Myers  Squibb  Company

Eli  Lilly  and  Company

Gilead  Sciences,  Inc.

GlaxoSmithKline  plc

Johnson  &  Johnson

Merck  &  Company,  Inc.

Novartis  AG

Pfizer  Inc.

Role  of  the  Compensation  Consultant

The  compensation  committee  has  engaged  Compensation  Advisory  Partners  as  its  independent  compensation

consultant.  The  committee’s  independent  consultant  reports  directly  to  the  chair  of  the  committee.  The  consultant  meets

regularly,  and  as  needed,  with  the  committee  in  executive  sessions,  has  direct  access  to  the  chair  during  and  between

meetings,  and  performs  no  other  services  for  AbbVie  or  its  senior  executives.  The  committee  determines  what  variables

it  will  instruct  its  consultant  to  consider,  which  include:  peer  groups  against  which  performance  and  pay  should  be

examined,  metrics  to  be  used  to  assess  AbbVie’s  performance,  competitive  incentive  practices  in  the  marketplace,  and

compensation  levels  relative  to  market  benchmarks.

Compensation  Risk  Oversight

The  company  has  established,  and  the  compensation  committee  endorses,  several  controls  to  address  and

mitigate  compensation-related  risk,  such  as  employing  a  diverse  set  of  performance  metrics,  maintaining  robust  stock

ownership  guidelines  for  its  executives  and  non-employee  directors,  and  retaining  broad  discretion  to  recover  incentive

awards  in  the  unlikely  event  that  incentive  plan  award  decisions  are  based  on  earnings  that  are  subsequently  restated.

The  committee,  in  collaboration  with  its  independent  compensation  consultant,  identified  no  material  risks  in  AbbVie’s

compensation  programs  in  2017.

34

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

34

III. Compensation  Plan  Elements

Three  primary  components  make  up  AbbVie’s  executive  pay  program:  (1)  base  salary,  (2)  short-term  incentives

and  (3)  long-term  incentives.  The  structure  of  each  component  is  tailored  to  serve  a  specific  function  and  purpose.

CEO  Pay  Mix

All  Other  NEO  Average  Pay  Mix

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

9%
Base Salary

24%
Short-term
IncenƟves

65%
Long-term
IncenƟves

12%
Base Salary

23%
Short-term
IncenƟves

24FEB201823061300

24FEB201823063113

67%
Long-term
IncenƟves

Base  Salary

The  compensation  committee  sets  appropriate  levels  of  base  salary  to  ensure  that  AbbVie  can  attract  and  retain

a  leadership  team  that  will  continue  to  meet  our  commitments  to  customers  and  patients  and  sustain  long-term

profitable  growth  for  our  stockholders.  Generally,  the  committee  considers  the  median  of  the  Health  Care  Peer  Group  as

an  initial  benchmark,  but  also  references  additional  information  as  needed.  Specific  pay  rates  are  then  established  for

each  NEO  relative  to  his  or  her  market  benchmark  based  on  the  NEO’s  performance,  experience,  unique  skills,  internal

equity  with  others  at  AbbVie,  and  the  company’s  operating  budget.

Short-Term  Incentives

Performance  Incentive  Plan

Annual  cash  incentives  are  paid  to  NEOs  through  AbbVie’s  Performance  Incentive  Plan  (PIP),  which  rewards

executives  for  achieving  key  financial  and  non-financial  goals  that  are  measured  at  the  company  and  individual  levels.  For

NEO  awards  granted  before  November  2017,  the  PIP  is  intended  to  comply  with  the  requirements  of  Internal  Revenue

Code  Section  162(m)  for  performance-based  compensation.  The  compensation  committee  may  define  and  cap  such  PIP

awards  below  the  maximum  amounts  allowed  by  Code  Section  162(m)  (as  applicable),  and  is  guided  by  the  use  of  a

formal  annual  incentive  payout  matrix  that  establishes  a  potential  range  of  final  incentive  outcomes  based  on  net

revenues  and  operating  margin  performance.  All  NEOs  carry  a  target  incentive  amount  set  as  a  percentage  of  their  base

salary.  Mr.  Gonzalez’s  target  is  150%  of  base  salary  and  the  other  NEOs’  targets  are  110%  of  base  salary.  Determining

award  amounts  is  a  multi-step  process.  First,  financial  and  individual  goals  are  evaluated  and  scored,  resulting  in  a

preliminary  award  amount  of  up  to  100%  of  target  only.  To  determine  final  awards,  the  CEO  and  the  compensation

35

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

35

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

committee  use  the  payout  matrix  to  define  and  cap  the  range  in  making  final  determinations.  This  process  is  more  fully

described  below:

Illustration  of  2017  Incentive  Calculation

Target
Award

x

Performance

Score

=

Preliminary

Award

Final Committee

Decision

=

Final
Award

Plan Governance:

Maximum

100% of Target
per plan design

2017 Performance results:

Maximum 175% of Target per payout matrix

24FEB201823062273

While  the  compensation  committee  relies  heavily  on  objective,  quantitative  metrics  to  determine  PIP  awards,  the

performance  review  also  includes  a  qualitative  element  to  ensure  the  review  is  comprehensive  and  inclusive  of  all

individual,  strategic,  and  leadership  goals  for  which  assessment  is  not  solely  dictated  by  numeric  or  formulaic

applications.  Moreover,  while  each  participant  has  predetermined  goals,  the  committee  also  considers  relative

achievements  and/or  developments  in  the  company,  the  marketplace,  and  the  global  economy  that  could  not  have  been

foreseen  when  individual  goals  were  established.

In  2017  all  financial  and  strategic  goals  were  materially  achieved,  resulting  in  performance  scores  between  99%

and  100%  of  target.  Final  awards  above  100%  of  target  are  determined  at  the  February  meeting  based  on  company

performance  (the  extent  to  which  performance  exceeds  targets),  the  recommendation  of  the  CEO  (for  NEOs  other  than

himself),  and  the  support  of  the  compensation  committee.  For  2017,  net  revenue  performance  was  100%  compared  to

plan,  while  income  before  taxes  was  103%  compared  to  plan.  As  a  result  of  this  performance,  the  annual  incentive

payout  matrix  capped  the  annual  incentives  at  175%  of  target,  below  the  plan  maximum  of  200%  of  target  and  the  Code

Section  162(m)  cap.  This  resulted  in  final  awards  of  175%  of  target,  consistent  with  the  high  level  of  performance

achieved  in  2017  and  within  the  outcome  range  established  by  the  payout  matrix.

Annual  Incentive  Payout  Matrix

Target

Outcome

Range

Net  Revenues

Income  Before  Taxes

Annual  Metrics  and  Goal  Assessment

$28.1  BN

$28.1  BN

0%  to  200%  of  target

$10.9  BN

$11.2  BN

0%  to  200%  of  target

Payout  Matrix  Result Maximum  175%  of  target

AbbVie’s  PIP  structure  is  intended  to  align  NEOs’  interests  directly  with  AbbVie’s  annual  operating  strategies,

financial  goals,  and  leadership  behaviors.  In  doing  so,  it  provides  a  direct  link  between  the  NEOs’  short-term  incentives

and  the  company’s  and  the  NEOs’  annual  performance  results  through  measurable  financial  and  operational  performance

and  qualitative  assessments  of  clearly  defined  strategic  progress  and  leadership  behaviors.  The  compensation  committee

approves  pre-established  goals  at  the  beginning  of  each  year.  The  qualitative  assessment  reflects  NEOs’  overall  leadership,

progress  on  strategic  initiatives,  advancement  of  the  pipeline,  and  enhancement  of  AbbVie’s  biopharmaceutical  culture.

36

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

36

The  financial  and  strategic/leadership  goals  and  their  respective  weightings  are  summarized  in  the  chart  below.

The  specific  goals  and  weightings  for  each  NEO  (including  the  CEO)  are  established  at  the  start  of  each  performance  year

based  on  the  NEO’s  role  and  anticipated  contributions  to  the  company’s  annual  objectives.

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

William  J.  Chase

Laura  J.  Schumacher

Carlos  Alban

Michael  E.  Severino

Net  Revenues,

Income

Operating  Margin,

Before HUMIRA  Sales  and

R&D/

Business

Taxes

Return  on  Assets

Biosimilars Development Other

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

60%

60%

20%

50%

20%

20%

30%

10%

10%

10%

20%

30%

50%

10%

Assessments  of  performance  against  financial  results  consider  the  effect  of  specified  adjustments  and/or  unusual

or  unpredictable  events,  and  the  appropriateness  of  these  adjustments  is  reviewed  annually  by  the  committee.  In  2017,

specified  adjustments  consisted  of  intangible  asset  amortization,  milestones  and  other  research  and  development

expenses,  acquired  in  process  research  and  development,  change  in  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration,  tax-related

items,  litigation  reserves,  intangible  asset  impairment,  and  other  items,  as  described  in  Exhibit  99.1  to  AbbVie’s  Form  8-K

filed  on  January  26,  2018.

2017  PIP  Awards

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

William  J.  Chase

Laura  J.  Schumacher

Carlos  Alban

Michael  E.  Severino

Target

Award

Actual  Award

as  a  %  of

Paid

Target

Actual  Award

$2,475,000

$4,331,250

1,116,885

1,116,885

1,049,268

1,117,182

1,954,549

1,954,549

1,836,219

1,955,069

175%

175%

175%

175%

175%

37

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

37

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Long-Term  Incentives

The  LTI  program  design  aligns  AbbVie’s  long-term  incentive  compensation  with  key  operational  and  financial

initiatives,  including  sustained  EPS  growth  and  generation  of  superior  investment  returns  relative  to  peers.  In  2017,  NEOs

received  annual  grant  LTI  awards  with  the  following  characteristics:

Long-Term  Incentive  Program

Award  Type

Metric

Performance  Period

40%  Performance  Shares

EPS  3-Year  Relative  TSR  Modifier

3  Years

40%  Performance-Vested  Restricted  Stock

Relative  Return  on  Equity

3  Years

20%  Non-Qualified  Stock  Options

Stock  Price  Appreciation

10-year  term

•

Performance  Shares  (40%  of  total  LTI  award)—These  awards  have  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  250%  of

target  after  a  three-year  performance  period  and  are  earned  based  on  company  performance  in  earnings

per  share  (EPS)  and  relative  total  stockholder  return  (TSR).  TSR  performance  is  measured  relative  to  a  group

made  up  of  companies  that  are  constituents  in  either  the  S&P  Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science

Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index.  Dividends  on  performance  shares  accrue  during  the

performance  period  and  are  paid  at  vesting  only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are  earned.

•

Performance-Vested  Restricted  Stock  (40%  of  total  LTI  award)—These  awards  have  the  potential  to  vest  at

0%  to  150%  of  target,  in  one-third  increments  during  a  three-year  performance  term  based  on  AbbVie’s

return  on  equity  articulated  as  pre-set  goals  and  measured  relative  to  a  group  made  up  of  companies  that

are  constituents  in  either  the  S&P  Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science  Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca

Pharmaceutical  Index.  Dividends  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  at  vesting  only  to  the

extent  that  shares  are  earned.

• Non-Qualified  Stock  Options  (20%  of  total  LTI  award)—These  awards  have  the  potential  to  vest  in  one-third

increments  on  each  of  the  first  three  annual  anniversaries  of  the  grant  date,  subject  to  continued

employment  with  the  company.  The  option  exercise  price  is  set  at  or  above  fair  market  value  on  the  grant

date.  To  the  extent  that  the  options  vest,  the  award  expires  ten  years  after  the  grant  date.

Performance  Share  and  Performance-Vested  Restricted  Stock  Performance  Targets  and  Results

Performance  targets  and  results  associated  with  the  2017  annual  grant  awards  of  performance  shares  and

performance-vested  restricted  stock  are  shown  below.  Total  shareholder  return  results  are  in  progress;  these  results  and

their  impact  on  final  payout  will  be  disclosed  following  the  completion  of  the  three-year  performance  period.

Performance  Objective

Adjusted  Diluted  EPS

Relative  TSR

Relative  ROE

Target

$5.49

Result

$5.60

Impact  on  Payout

173.3%

Relative  TSR  is  measured  over  a  3-year  performance  period  and  used  as  a  modifier

th

75

  -  90

th

  percentile

>  90

  percentile

th

150%

AbbVie’s  policy  with  respect  to  its  annual  equity  award  for  all  eligible  employees,  including  the  NEOs,  is  to  grant

the  award  and  set  the  grant  price  at  the  compensation  committee’s  regularly  scheduled  February  meeting  each  year.

These  meeting  dates  generally  are  the  third  Thursday  of  February  and  are  scheduled  two  years  in  advance.  The  grant

price  is  the  average  of  the  highest  and  lowest  trading  prices  of  a  common  share  on  the  date  of  the  grant  (rounded  up  to

the  next  even  penny).  The  grant  price  for  the  2017  annual  grant  was  $61.36.  The  high,  low  and  closing  prices  of  an

38

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

38

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

AbbVie  common  share  on  the  grant  date  (February  16,  2017)  were  $61.91,  $60.81,  and  $61.48,  respectively.  All  LTI

awards  are  subject  to  a  minimum  vesting  period  of  12  months.

Benefits

Benefits  are  an  important  part  of  retention  and  capital  preservation  for  all  employees,  helping  to  protect  against

the  impact  of  unexpected  catastrophic  loss  of  health  and/or  earnings  potential,  as  well  as  providing  a  means  to  save  and

accumulate  for  retirement  or  other  post-employment  needs.

Each  of  the  benefits  described  below  supports  the  company’s  objective  of  providing  a  market  competitive  total

rewards  program.  Individual  benefits  do  not  directly  affect  decisions  regarding  other  benefits  or  pay  components,  except

to  the  extent  that  all  benefits  and  pay  components  must,  in  aggregate,  be  competitive,  as  previously  discussed.

Retirement  Benefits

All  eligible  U.S.  employees,  including  NEOs,  participate  in  the  AbbVie  Pension  Plan,  the  company’s  principal

qualified  defined  benefit  plan.  NEOs  and  certain  other  employees  also  participate  in  the  AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension

Plan.  These  plans  are  described  in  greater  detail  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Pension  Benefits.’’

The  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  is  a  non-qualified  defined  benefit  plan  that  cannot  be  secured  in  a  manner

similar  to  a  qualified  plan,  for  which  assets  are  held  in  trust,  so  eligible  NEOs  receive  an  annual  cash  payment  equal  to

the  increase  in  the  present  value  of  their  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefit.  Eligible  NEOs  have  the  option  of  depositing

the  annual  payment  into  an  individually  established  grantor  trust,  net  of  tax  withholdings.  Deposited  amounts  may  be

credited  with  the  difference  between  the  NEO’s  actual  annual  trust  earnings  and  the  rate  used  to  calculate  trust  funding

(currently  8  percent).  Amounts  deposited  in  the  individual  trusts  are  not  tax-deferred  and  the  NEOs  personally  pay  the

taxes  on  those  amounts  without  gross-ups.

The  manner  in  which  the  grantor  trust  assets  are  to  be  distributed  to  an  NEO  upon  retirement  from  the

company  generally  follows  the  distribution  method  elected  by  the  NEO  under  the  AbbVie  Pension  Plan.  If  an  NEO  (or  the

NEO’s  surviving  spouse,  depending  on  the  pension  distribution  method  elected  by  the  NEO  under  the  AbbVie  Pension

Plan)  lives  beyond  the  actuarial  life  expectancy  age  used  to  determine  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefit,  and

therefore  exhausts  the  trust  balance,  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefit  will  be  paid  to  the  NEO  (or  his  or  her

surviving  spouse)  by  AbbVie.

Savings  Plans

All  U.S.  employees,  including  NEOs,  are  eligible  to  defer  a  portion  of  their  annual  base  salary  under  the  AbbVie

Savings  Plan,  the  company’s  principal  qualified  defined  contribution  plan,  up  to  the  IRS  contribution  limits.  Eligible  NEOs

also  may  defer  up  to  18  percent  of  their  base  salary,  less  contributions  to  the  AbbVie  Savings  Plan,  to  the  AbbVie

Supplemental  Savings  Plan,  which  is  a  non-qualified  defined  contribution  plan.  Eligible  NEOs  may  defer  these  amounts  to

unfunded  book  accounts  or  choose  to  have  the  amounts  paid  in  cash  on  a  current  basis  and  deposited  into  individually

established  grantor  trusts,  net  of  tax  withholdings.  These  amounts  are  credited  annually  with  earnings.  Amounts

deposited  in  the  individual  trusts  are  not  tax-deferred  and  the  NEOs  personally  pay  the  taxes  on  those  amounts  without

gross-ups.

NEOs  elect  the  manner  in  which  the  assets  held  in  their  grantor  trusts  will  be  distributed  to  them  upon

retirement  or  other  separation  from  the  company.  These  arrangements  are  described  in  greater  detail  in  this  proxy

statement  beginning  with  the  section  captioned  ‘‘Summary  Compensation  Table.’’

Financial  Planning

NEOs  are  paid  an  annual  stipend  of  $10,000  for  estate  planning  advice,  tax  preparation  and  general  financial

planning  fees.  The  stipend  is  income  to  the  NEO,  who  is  responsible  for  payment  of  all  resulting  taxes  without  gross-ups.

39

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

39

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Company-Provided  Transportation

NEOs  are  eligible  for  transportation  perquisites  that  are  designed  to  improve  the  effectiveness  and  efficiency  of

their  work,  including  the  use  of  a  company-leased  vehicle  and  access  to  company-provided  air  travel,  as  appropriate.  In

some  circumstances,  these  benefits  may  be  used  for  personal  travel,  which  would  then  be  considered  part  of  the  NEO’s

total  compensation  and  treated  as  taxable  income  to  them  under  applicable  tax  laws.  The  NEOs  pay  the  taxes  on  such

income  without  gross-ups.

Disability  Benefits

In  addition  to  AbbVie’s  standard  disability  benefits,  NEOs  are  eligible  for  a  monthly  long-term  disability  benefit,

which  is  described  on  page  56  of  this  proxy  statement.

Employment  Agreements

AbbVie  does  not  have  employment  agreements  with  any  of  its  NEOs.

Excise  Tax  Gross-ups

AbbVie  does  not  provide  excise  tax  gross-ups  on  NEO  compensation.

Change  in  Control  Agreements

AbbVie  has  entered  into  change  in  control  agreements  with  its  NEOs  to  aid  in  retention  and  recruitment,

encourage  continued  attention  and  dedication  to  assigned  duties  during  periods  involving  a  possible  change  in  control  of

the  company,  and  to  protect  the  earned  benefits  of  the  NEOs  against  potential  adverse  changes  resulting  from  a  change

in  control.

The  change  in  control  agreements  contain  a  double-trigger  feature,  meaning  that  if  the  NEO’s  employment  is

terminated  other  than  for  cause  or  permanent  disability,  or  if  the  NEO  elects  to  terminate  employment  for  good  reason,

within  two  years  following  a  change  in  control,  he  or  she  is  entitled  to  receive  certain  pay  and  benefits  as  described  in

the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Potential  Payments  upon  Termination  or  Change  in  Control.’’

IV. Other  Matters

Stock  Ownership  Guidelines

AbbVie’s  stock  ownership  guidelines  are  designed  to  further  promote  sustained  stockholder  return  and  to  ensure

the  company’s  senior  executives  remain  focused  on  both  short-  and  long-term  objectives.  Each  senior  executive  has  five

years  from  the  date  of  election  or  appointment  to  his  or  her  position  to  achieve  the  ownership  level  associated  with  his

or  her  position.  NEOs  are  not  allowed  to  sell  stock,  except  for  tax  withholding  at  vesting  or  exercise,  if  they  do  not

satisfy  the  minimum  stock  ownership  requirement.  The  minimum  stock  ownership  guidelines  for  the  CEO  and  other  NEOs

are  as  follows:

Executive

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

William  J.  Chase

Laura  J.  Schumacher

Carlos  Alban

Michael  E.  Severino

Stock  Ownership  Requirement

Requirement  Met?

6x  Base  Salary

3x  Base  Salary

3x  Base  Salary

3x  Base  Salary

3x  Base  Salary

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

40

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

40

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

In  addition,  AbbVie’s  non-employee  directors  are  required  to  own  AbbVie  stock  valued  at  five  times  (5x)  the

annual  fee  for  service  as  a  director  under  the  AbbVie  Non-Employee  Directors’  Fee  Plan  within  five  years  of  joining  the

board  or  as  soon  as  practicable  thereafter.

Clawback  Policy

While  the  committee  does  not  anticipate  there  would  ever  be  circumstances  where  a  restatement  of  earnings

upon  which  any  incentive  plan  award  decisions  were  based  would  occur,  the  committee,  in  evaluating  such

circumstances,  has  broad  discretion  to  take  all  actions  necessary  to  protect  the  interests  of  stockholders  up  to  and

including  actions  to  recover  such  incentive  awards.

Anti-Hedging  and  Anti-Pledging  Policies

AbbVie  has  a  formal  policy  that  prohibits  directors  and  officers  subject  to  Section  16  of  the  Exchange  Act,

including  all  of  the  NEOs,  from  entering  into  or  engaging  in  the  purchase  or  sale  of  financial  instruments  that  are

designed  to  hedge  or  offset  any  decrease  in  the  market  value  of  AbbVie  equity  securities  they  hold.  AbbVie  also  has  a

formal  policy  that  prohibits  directors  and  officers  subject  to  Section  16  of  the  Exchange  Act,  including  all  of  the  NEOs,

from  pledging  AbbVie  common  stock  as  collateral  for  a  loan.

In  addition,  the  AbbVie  Incentive  Stock  Program  provides  that  no  long-term  incentive  award  may  be  assigned,

alienated,  sold  or  transferred  other  than  by  will  or  by  the  laws  of  descent  and  distribution  or  as  permitted  by  the

compensation  committee  for  estate  planning  purposes,  and  no  award  and  no  right  under  any  award  may  be  pledged,

alienated,  attached  or  otherwise  encumbered.  All  members  of  senior  management,  including  the  company’s  NEOs  and

certain  other  employees,  are  required  to  clear  any  transaction  involving  company  stock  with  the  Legal  department  prior

to  entering  into  such  transaction.

Compensation  Committee  Report
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  compensation  committee  of  the  board  of  directors  is  primarily  responsible  for  reviewing,  approving  and

overseeing  AbbVie’s  compensation  plans  and  practices,  and  works  with  management  and  the  committee’s  independent

compensation  consultant  to  establish  AbbVie’s  executive  compensation  philosophy  and  programs.  The  committee

reviewed  and  discussed  the  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis  with  management  and  recommended  to  the  board  of

directors  that  the  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis  be  included  in  this  proxy  statement.

Compensation  Committee

E.  Liddy,  Chairman,  R.  Austin,  G.  Tilton,  and  F.  Waddell

Compensation  Risk  Assessment
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

During  2017,  in  collaboration  with  the  compensation  committee’s  independent  compensation  consultant,  AbbVie

conducted  an  in-depth  risk  assessment  of  its  compensation  policies  and  practices,  including  those  related  to  executive

compensation  programs  for  NEOs.  The  risk  assessment  included  a  quantitative  and  qualitative  analysis  of  AbbVie’s

executive  compensation  programs  and  broader  employee  incentive  compensation  plans.  AbbVie  also  considered  how

these  programs  compare,  from  a  design  perspective,  to  programs  maintained  by  other  companies.  Based  on  this

assessment,  it  was  determined  that  AbbVie’s  executive  compensation  programs  are  balanced  and  appropriately  incent

employees,  and  any  risks  arising  from  the  compensation  policies  and  practices  are  not  reasonably  likely  to  have  a

material  adverse  effect  on  AbbVie.  The  following  factors  were  among  those  considered  in  making  this  determination:

•

AbbVie’s  compensation  structure  contributes  to  a  corporate  culture  that  encourages  our  NEOs  to  regard

AbbVie  as  a  long-term  employer.  For  example,  equity  awards  vest  over  multi-year  periods,  which  encourages

41

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

41

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

NEOs  to  consider  the  long-term  impact  of  their  decisions  and  align  their  interests  with  those  of  AbbVie’s

stockholders.

•

AbbVie’s  annual  incentive  program  is  based  on  multiple  performance  measures,  balancing  earnings

achievement  with  other  factors.  Since  earnings  are  a  key  component  of  stock  price  performance,  this  aspect

of  AbbVie’s  compensation  plan  also  promotes  alignment  with  stockholder  interests.

•

AbbVie  does  not  include  certain  pay  design  features  that  may  have  the  potential  to  encourage  excessive

risk-taking,  such  as:  over-weighting  toward  annual  incentives,  highly  leveraged  payout  curves,  unreasonable

thresholds  or  dramatic  changes  in  payout  opportunity  at  certain  performance  levels  that  may  encourage

inappropriate  short-term  business  decisions  to  meet  payout  thresholds.  In  addition,  a  limit  of  200%  of  target

applies  to  any  awards  made  under  the  NEO  short-term  incentive  plan.

•

AbbVie’s  long-term  incentive  program  focuses  NEOs  on  longer-term  operating  performance  and  aligns  NEOs

with  stockholder  interests  through  the  use  of  multi-year  performance  periods  and  multiple  performance

measures,  including  relative  total  stockholder  return.  In  2017,  AbbVie’s  NEOs  received  roughly  two-thirds  of

their  total  direct  compensation  in  the  form  of  long-term  incentives  (20%  of  which  are  stock  options  that

may  vest  over  a  three-year  period  and  80%  of  which  are  performance-based  awards  that  may  vest  over  a

three-year  performance  period).

•

AbbVie  makes  equity  awards  and  sets  grant  prices  at  the  same  time  each  year,  at  the  compensation

committee’s  regularly  scheduled  meeting  in  February.  In  addition,  AbbVie  does  not  award  discounted  stock

options  or  immediately  vesting  equity  awards.

•

AbbVie  has  robust  stock  ownership  guidelines  for  its  senior  executives,  which  promotes  alignment  with

stockholder  interests,  and  other  good  governance  equity  practices  such  as  anti-hedging  and  anti-pledging

policies.

•

AbbVie’s  compensation  committee  has  the  ability  to  exercise  downward  discretion  in  determining  annual

incentive  plan  payouts.

•

AbbVie’s  compensation  committee  has  broad  discretion  to  claw  back  incentive  compensation  that  was

awarded  based  on  financials  that  were  later  restated.  The  committee  can  reduce  or  cancel  incentive

compensation  in  connection  with  a  violation  of  company  policy  or  similar  misconduct.

•

AbbVie  requires  mandatory  training  on  its  code  of  conduct  and  policies  and  procedures  to  educate  its

employees  on  appropriate  behaviors  and  the  consequences  of  taking  inappropriate  actions.

The  risk  assessment  results  were  presented  to  the  compensation  committee  by  its  independent  compensation

consultant.

42

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

42

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Summary  Compensation  Table
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

This  section  contains  compensation  information  for  AbbVie’s  NEOs  for  the  fiscal  year  ended  December  31,  2017.

The  following  table  summarizes  compensation  awarded  to,  earned  by  and/or  paid  to  AbbVie’s  NEOs  in  connection  with

their  service  to  AbbVie  during  2017,  2016  and  2015,  as  applicable.  The  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned

‘‘Compensation  Plan  Elements’’  describes  in  greater  detail  the  information  reported  in  this  table.

Change  in

Pension

Value  and

Non-Equity

Non-qualified

Incentive

Deferred

Name  and  Principal  Position

Year

($)

($)

($)(1)

($)(2)

($)(3)

($)(4)(5)

($)(6)

Salary

Bonus

Awards

Awards

Compensation

Earnings

Compensation

Stock

Option

Plan

Compensation

All  Other

Total

($)

Richard  A.  Gonzalez

2017

$1,638,462

$0

$9,606,360

$2,559,270

$4,331,250

$3,496,704

$993,197

$22,625,243

Chairman  of  the  Board  and

Chief  Executive  Officer

William  J.  Chase

Executive  Vice  President,

Chief  Financial  Officer

Laura  J.  Schumacher

Executive  Vice  President,

External  Affairs,  General  Counsel  and

Corporate  Secretary

Carlos  Alban

Executive  Vice  President,

Global  Commercial  Operations

Michael  E.  Severino

Executive  Vice  President,

Research  &  Development  and

Chief  Scientific  Officer

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

1,600,000

1,588,461

1,008,526

979,369

950,385

1,008,526

979,369

951,538

947,469

920,077

888,461

1,004,460

960,969

918,077

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

9,318,854

2,360,323

3,600,000

3,232,531

859,216

20,970,924

9,747,455

3,259,808

2,976,000

2,447,316

791,063

20,810,103

3,681,906

980,980

1,954,549

4,223,300

195,332

12,044,593

3,483,919

882,450

1,626,000

1,697,232

162,406

8,831,376

3,298,795

1,103,269

1,358,300

739,381

163,664

7,613,794

7,681,631

(7)

980,980

1,954,549

2,957,506

396,164

14,979,356

2,864,483

725,663

1,626,000

1,627,686

394,498

8,217,699

3,073,930

1,028,071

1,358,300

504,413

390,089

7,306,341

3,522,250

938,350

1,836,219

4,832,949

257,751

12,334,988

2,916,922

738,798

1,510,000

1,884,312

246,809

8,216,918

3,036,257

1,015,522

1,200,000

696,390

213,009

7,049,639

3,681,906

980,980

1,955,069

3,359,376

850,908

1,596,000

3,111,604

1,040,621

1,238,700

653,582

375,080

228,599

119,279

8,395,276

101,530

7,243,863

66,204

6,603,805

(1)

In  accordance  with  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (SEC)  rules,  the  amounts  in  this  column  represent  the

aggregate  grant  date  fair  value  of  the  awards  determined  in  accordance  with  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board

(FASB)  Accounting  Standards  Codification  (ASC)  Topic  718.  AbbVie  generally  determines  the  grant  date  fair  value  of

stock  awards  by  multiplying  the  number  of  shares  granted  by  the  average  of  the  high  and  low  market  prices  of  one

share  of  AbbVie  common  stock  on  the  award  grant  date.  The  grant  date  fair  value  of  performance  shares  with  a

TSR  market  condition  are  determined  using  the  Monte  Carlo  simulation  model.

(2)

In  accordance  with  SEC  rules,  the  amounts  in  this  column  represent  the  aggregate  grant  date  fair  value  of  the

awards  determined  in  accordance  with  FASB  ASC  Topic  718.  These  amounts  were  determined  as  of  the  option  grant

date  using  a  Black-Scholes  stock  option  valuation  model.  These  amounts  are  being  reported  solely  for  the  purpose

of  comparative  disclosure  in  accordance  with  the  SEC  rules.  There  is  no  certainty  that  the  amount  determined  using

a  Black-Scholes  stock  option  valuation  model  would  be  the  value  at  which  employee  stock  options  would  be  traded

for  cash.  The  weighted-average  assumptions  used  to  estimate  the  grant  date  fair  value  of  options  granted  in  2017,

along  with  the  weighted-average  grant  date  fair  value,  are  shown  below:

Assumption

Risk-free  interest  rate

Average  life  of  options  (years)

Volatility

Dividend  yield

Fair  value  per  stock  option

2.11%

6.0

25.67%

4.08%

$9.80

(3) The  compensation  reported  in  this  column  for  2017  was  earned  as  a  performance-based  incentive  award  pursuant

to  the  AbbVie  Performance  Incentive  Plan.  Additional  information  regarding  the  plan  can  be  found  in  the

Compensation  Plan  Elements  section  of  this  proxy  statement.

43

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

43

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

(4) The  amounts  shown  below  are  reported  in  this  column  for  2017,  2016  and  2015,  respectively,  as  applicable.

AbbVie  Pension  Plan

R.  Gonzalez:  $(38,501)  /  $(70,521)  /  $45,413;  W.  Chase:  $234,110  /  $74,428  /  $(20,261);  L.  Schumacher:  $170,782  /

$86,510  /  $(11,019);  C.  Alban:  $296,728  /  $98,476  /  $(10,940);  and  M.  Severino:  $37,394  /  $22,663  /  $15,872.

AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan

R.  Gonzalez:  $3,157,627  /  $3,016,444  /  $2,230,380;  W.  Chase:  $3,759,943  /  $1,463,791  /  $676,623;  L.  Schumacher:

$2,244,142  /  $1,093,415  /  $218,282;  C.  Alban:  $4,195,321  /  $1,520,208  /  $541,349;  and  M.  Severino:  $535,907  /

$306,868  /  $196,191.

The  changes  in  pension  value  result  primarily  from  the  following  factors:  (i)  the  effect  of  changes  in  the  actuarial

assumptions  AbbVie  uses  to  calculate  plan  liability  for  financial  reporting  purposes;  (ii)  additional  pension  benefit

accrual  under  the  Pension  Plan  and  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan;  and  (iii)  the  impact  of  the  time  value  of  money

on  the  pension  value.

Non-Qualified  Defined  Contribution  Plan  Earnings

The  totals  in  this  column  include  reportable  interest  credited  under  the  AbbVie  Performance  Incentive  Plan  and  the

AbbVie  Supplemental  Savings  Plan.

R.  Gonzalez:  $377,578  /  $286,608  /  $171,523;  W.  Chase:  $229,247  /  $159,013  /  $83,019;  L.  Schumacher:  $542,582  /

$447,761  /  $297,150;  C.  Alban:  $340,900  /  $265,628  /  $165,981;  and  M.  Severino:  $80,281  /  $45,549  /  $16,536.

(5) The  amounts  shown  in  this  column  include  the  change  in  pension  value  during  the  applicable  year,  which  is

attributable  to  changes  in  actuarial  assumptions  (primarily  discount  rate  and  mortality  tables)  and  other  factors

based  on  plan  design  (primarily  pay,  service  and  age).

The  present  value  of  a  pension  benefit  is  determined,  in  part,  by  the  discount  rate  used  for  accounting  purposes.

The  discount  rate  is  determined  by  reference  to  the  prevailing  market  rate  of  interest.  In  2017,  interest  rates

decreased  and  the  discount  rates  used  for  the  Pension  Plan  and  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  were  decreased  to

reflect  that  change.  A  decrease  in  the  discount  rate  increases  the  present  value  of  participants’  pension  benefits

while  actual  payments  to  be  made  to  participants  are  not  changed.  The  discount  rate  used  for  2017  was  3.91%  for

the  Pension  Plan  and  3.87%  for  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan.  The  discount  rate  used  for  2016  was  4.67%  for  the

Pension  Plan  and  4.59%  for  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan,  while  the  discount  rate  used  for  2015  was  4.93%  for

the  Pension  Plan  and  4.83%  for  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan.  The  mortality  assumptions  that  apply  for  actuarial

purposes  also  affect  pension  values.

In  addition  to  the  effect  of  the  changes  in  actuarial  assumptions,  other  factors  built  into  the  plans  contributed  to

the  change  in  pension  value.  The  change  in  pension  value  numbers  reflect  the  application  of  the  benefit  formulas

under  the  Pension  Plan  and  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan,  which  are  described  in  the  section  of  this  proxy

statement  captioned  ‘‘Pension  Benefits.’’  As  participants’  pay  changes,  the  formulas  yield  revised  pension  values.

Furthermore,  as  a  participant  ages  and  service  credit  accumulates  year  over  year  (before  the  participant  is  eligible

for  unreduced  pension  benefits),  the  present  value  of  his  or  her  pension  benefits  increases,  even  without  changes

in  pay  or  actuarial  assumptions.

(6) The  amounts  shown  below  are  reported  in  this  column  for  2017,  2016,  and  2015,  respectively,  as  applicable.

Earnings  for  Non-Qualified  Defined  Benefit  and  Non-Qualified  Defined  Contribution  Plans

R.  Gonzalez:  $159,056  /  $149,512  /  $120,030;  W.  Chase:  $109,261  /  $84,680  /  $75,830;  L.  Schumacher:  $304,784  /

$310,138  /  $280,224;  C.  Alban:  $182,139  /  $173,948  /  $142,584;  and  M.  Severino:  $34,853  /  $20,104  /  $437.

Each  of  the  NEOs’  awards  under  the  AbbVie  Performance  Incentive  Plan  is  paid  in  cash  to  the  NEO  on  a  current

basis  and,  for  eligible  NEOs,  may  be  deposited  into  a  grantor  trust  established  by  the  NEO,  net  of  maximum  tax

withholdings.  Each  of  the  eligible  NEOs  has  also  established  grantor  trusts  in  connection  with  the  AbbVie

Supplemental  Pension  Plan  and  the  AbbVie  Supplemental  Savings  Plan.  These  amounts  include  earnings  net  of  the

reportable  interest  included  in  footnote  (4).

Employer  Contributions  to  Defined  Contribution  Plans

R.  Gonzalez:  $81,923  /  $80,000  /  $79,423;  W.  Chase:  $50,426  /  $48,968  /  $47,519;  L.  Schumacher:  $50,426  /

$48,968  /  $47,577;  C.  Alban:  $47,373  /  $46,004  /  $44,423;  and  M.  Severino:  $50,223  /  $48,048  /  $45,904.

44

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

44

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

These  amounts  include  AbbVie  contributions  to  the  AbbVie  Savings  Plan  and  the  AbbVie  Supplemental  Savings  Plan,

as  applicable.  The  Supplemental  Savings  Plan  permits  eligible  NEOs  to  contribute  amounts  in  excess  of  the  annual

limit  set  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  for  employee  contributions  to  401(k)  plans  up  to  the  excess  of  (i)  18  percent

of  their  base  salary  over  (ii)  the  amount  contributed  to  AbbVie’s  tax-qualified  401(k)  plan.  AbbVie  matches

participant  contributions  at  the  rate  of  250  percent  of  the  first  2  percent  of  compensation  contributed  to  the  plan.

The  eligible  NEOs  have  these  amounts  paid  to  them  in  cash  on  a  current  basis  and  deposited  into  a  grantor  trust

established  by  the  NEO,  net  of  maximum  tax  withholdings.

Other  2017  Compensation

The  totals  shown  in  the  table  include  the  cost  of  providing  a  corporate  automobile  less  the  amount  reimbursed  by

the  NEO:  R.  Gonzalez:  $20,886;  W.  Chase:  $20,871;  L.  Schumacher:  $17,445;  C.  Alban:  $18,238;  and  M.  Severino:

$17,403.  AbbVie  imputes  income  to  the  NEO,  if  required,  and  the  NEO  pays  taxes  in  accordance  with  tax

regulations  without  gross-ups.

The  totals  shown  in  the  table  include  a  $10,000  financial  planning  services  allowance  for  each  NEO.  AbbVie  imputes

income  to  the  NEO,  if  required,  and  the  NEO  pays  taxes  in  accordance  with  tax  regulations  without  gross-ups.

The  totals  shown  in  the  table  include  the  following  costs  for  non-business-related  air  travel:  R.  Gonzalez:  $592,030;

W.  Chase:  $4,773;  L.  Schumacher:  $13,508;  and  M.  Severino  $6,800.  AbbVie  determines  the  incremental  cost  for

flights  based  on  the  direct  cost  to  AbbVie,  including  fuel  costs,  parking,  handling  and  landing  fees,  catering,  travel

fees,  and  other  miscellaneous  direct  costs.  AbbVie  imputes  income  to  the  NEO,  if  required,  and  the  NEO  pays  taxes

in  accordance  with  tax  regulations  without  gross-ups.

For  Mr.  Gonzalez,  the  total  includes  $129,302  for  costs  associated  with  security,  determined  based  on  AbbVie’s

actual  costs  for  such  services.  The  security  was  provided  on  the  recommendation  of  an  independent  security  study

and  in  accordance  with  the  AbbVie  security  program.  AbbVie  imputes  income  to  Mr.  Gonzalez,  if  required,  and  he

pays  taxes  in  accordance  with  tax  regulations  without  gross-ups.

The  NEOs  also  are  eligible  to  participate  in  an  executive  disability  benefit  which  is  described  on  page  56  of  this

proxy  statement.

(7) As  detailed  in  the  2017  Grants  of  Plan-Based  Awards  section  of  this  proxy  statement,  this  total  includes  the  grant

date  fair  value  of  the  annual  long-term  incentive  award  and  a  performance  share  award  that  has  the  potential  to

vest  at  0%  to  275%  of  target,  in  five  tranches,  during  a  five-year  performance  period  based  on  achievement  of

specified  strategic  milestones  and  approval  by  the  compensation  committee.

Required  Pay  Ratio  Disclosure

As  required  by  Section  953(b)  of  the  Dodd-Frank  Wall  Street  Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  and

Item  402(u)  of  Regulation  S-K,  we  are  providing  the  following  information  about  the  relationship  of  the  annual  total

compensation  of  our  employees  and  the  annual  total  compensation  of  our  CEO,  Richard  Gonzalez.  The  pay  ratio  included

in  this  information  is  a  reasonable  estimate  calculated  in  a  manner  consistent  with  Regulation  S-K  Item  402(u).  The  ratio

of  Mr.  Gonzalez’s  annual  total  compensation  for  2017,  as  reported  in  the  Summary  Compensation  Table  in  this  proxy

statement,  to  the  median  employee  annual  total  compensation  determined  on  the  same  basis  was  144:1.  For  2017,  the

annual  total  compensation  of  our  median  employee  (other  than  Mr.  Gonzalez)  was  $157,347.  To  identify  the  median

employee,  we  prepared  a  list  of  all  active  AbbVie  employees  throughout  the  world  as  of  December  28,  2017.  The

consistently  applied  compensation  measure  used  to  identify  the  median  employee  was  annual  base  pay  and  target

bonus,  using  hours  worked  during  2017  for  hourly  employees  and  base  salary  for  the  remaining  employees.  This  process

resulted  in  a  median  group  consisting  of  several  employees  and  a  representative  employee  was  selected  in  accordance

with  SEC  guidance,  taking  into  account  demographic  characteristics  that  best  represent  a  typical  AbbVie  employee,

including  tenure,  location,  employment  status  and  applicable  compensation  and  benefit  programs.

45

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

45

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

2017  Grants  of  Plan-Based  Awards
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  following  table  summarizes  the  equity  awards  granted  under  the  AbbVie  2013  Incentive  Stock  Program  to

the  NEOs  during  2017.

Estimated  Future

Payouts  Under

Non-Equity

Incentive  Plan

Awards(1)

Estimated

All  Other

Future

Option

Payouts

Awards:

Exercise

Under  Equity

Numbers  of

or  Base

Closing

Grant  Date

Incentive

Securities

Price  of

Market

Fair  Value

Plan  Awards

Underlying

Option

Price  on

of  Stock

Target Maximum

Target

Options

Awards

Grant

and  Option

($)

($)

(#)

(#)

($/Sh)

Date

Awards

78,220

(2)

78,220

(3)

29,980

(2)

29,980

(3)

29,980

(2)

29,980

(3)

40,920

(7)

28,680

(2)

28,680

(3)

29,980

(2)

29,980

(3)

261,150

(5)

$61.36

$61.48

100,100

(5)

61.36

61.48

100,100

(5)

61.36

61.48

95,750

(5)

61.36

61.48

100,100

(5)

61.36

61.48

$4,806,781

(4)

4,799,579

(4)

2,559,270

(6)

1,842,333

(4)

1,839,573

(4)

980,980

(6)

1,842,333

(4)

1,839,573

(4)

980,980

(6)

3,999,725

(4)

1,762,445

(4)

1,759,805

(4)

938,350

(6)

1,842,333

(4)

1,839,573

(4)

980,980

(6)

Name

R.  Gonzalez

W.  Chase

L.  Schumacher

C.  Alban

M.  Severino

Grant

Date

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

12/13/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

2/16/2017

(1) During  2017,  each  of  the  NEOs  participated  in  the  AbbVie  Performance  Incentive  Plan.  The  annual  cash  incentive

award  earned  by  the  NEO  in  2017  under  the  plan  is  shown  in  the  Summary  Compensation  Table  in  the  column

captioned  ‘‘Non-Equity  Incentive  Plan  Compensation.’’  No  future  pay-outs  will  be  made  with  respect  to  the  2017

awards  under  the  plan.  The  plan  is  described  in  greater  detail  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned

‘‘Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis—Compensation  Plan  Elements—Short-Term  Incentives.’’

(2) This  is  a  performance  share  award  that  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  250%  of  target  during  a  three-year

performance  period  based  on  company  performance  in  earnings  per  share  (EPS)  and  relative  total  stockholder

return  (TSR).  TSR  performance  is  measured  relative  to  a  group  made  up  of  companies  that  are  constituents  in

either  the  S&P  Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science  Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index.  Dividends

accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  in  cash  at  vesting  only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are  earned.  In

2017,  in  connection  with  the  phase-in  of  the  redesigned  long-term  incentive  program,  AbbVie’s  EPS  performance

resulted  in  the  vesting  on  February  28,  2018  of  one-third  of  the  award  at  173.3%  of  target,  and  the  remaining

two-thirds  of  the  award  have  been  banked  for  vesting  to  be  determined  based  on  the  company’s  relative  TSR

performance  following  the  three-year  performance  period  that  ends  December  31,  2019.  The  performance  metrics

are  described  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis—

Compensation  Plan  Elements—Long-Term  Incentives.’’

(3) This  is  a  performance-vested  restricted  stock  unit  award  that  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  150%  of  target,  in

one-third  increments,  during  a  three-year  performance  period  based  on  AbbVie’s  return  on  equity  (ROE)  articulated

as  pre-set  goals  and  measured  relative  to  a  group  made  up  of  companies  that  are  constituents  in  either  the  S&P

Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science  Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index.  Dividends  accrue  during  the

performance  period  and  are  paid  in  cash  at  vesting  only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are  earned.  In  2017,  AbbVie’s

relative  ROE  performance  resulted  in  the  vesting  on  February  28,  2018  of  one-third  of  the  award  at  150%  of  target.

46

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

46

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

The  performance  metrics  are  described  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Compensation  Discussion

and  Analysis—Compensation  Plan  Elements—Long-Term  Incentives.’’

(4) The  grant  date  fair  value  of  stock  awards  is  generally  determined  by  multiplying  the  number  of  shares  or  units

granted  by  the  average  of  the  high  and  low  market  prices  of  one  share  of  AbbVie  common  stock  on  the  award

grant  date.  The  grant  date  fair  value  of  performance  shares  with  a  TSR  market  condition  is  determined  using  the

Monte  Carlo  simulation  model.  In  the  event  of  a  grantee’s  death  or  disability,  these  awards  will  be  deemed  earned

either  based  on  actual  performance  through  the  date  of  death  or  disability  or  at  target,  depending  on  the  timing  of

the  death  or  disability,  as  set  forth  in  the  award  agreement.  Upon  a  change  in  control,  the  treatment  of  these

awards  is  determined  as  described  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Potential  Payments  upon

Termination  or  Change  in  Control—Equity  Awards.’’

(5) One-third  of  the  shares  of  common  stock  covered  by  these  options  are  exercisable  after  one  year,  two-thirds  after

two  years,  and  all  after  three  years,  subject  to  satisfaction  of  the  service  requirements  set  forth  in  the  award

agreements.  The  options  vest  in  the  event  of  the  grantee’s  death  or  disability.  Upon  a  change  in  control,  the

treatment  of  these  awards  is  determined  as  described  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Potential

Payments  upon  Termination  or  Change  in  Control—Equity  Awards.’’  Under  the  AbbVie  2013  Incentive  Stock

Program,  these  options  have  an  exercise  price  equal  to  the  average  of  the  high  and  low  market  prices  (rounded  up

to  the  next  even  penny)  of  one  share  of  AbbVie  common  stock  on  the  date  of  grant.  These  options  do  not  contain

a  replacement  option  feature.

(6) The  grant  date  fair  value  of  option  awards  is  determined  as  of  the  option  grant  date  using  a  Black-Scholes  stock

option  valuation  model.  The  assumptions  used  to  determine  the  grant  date  fair  value  are  described  in  footnote  (2)

to  the  Summary  Compensation  Table.

(7) This  is  a  performance  share  award  that  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  275%  of  target,  in  five  tranches,  during  a

five-year  performance  period  based  on  achievement  of  specified  strategic  milestones  and  approval  by  the

compensation  committee.  Dividends  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  in  cash  at  vesting  only  to

the  extent  that  shares  are  earned.

47

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

47

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

2017  Outstanding  Equity  Awards  at  Fiscal  Year  End
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  following  table  summarizes  the  outstanding  AbbVie  equity  awards  held  by  the  NEOs  at  year  end.

Option  Awards(1)(2)

Stock  Awards

Number  of

Number  of

Market

Unearned

of  Unearned

Securities

Securities

Number  of

Value  of

Shares

Shares

Underlying

Underlying

Shares  of

Shares  of

or  Other

or  Other

Unexercised

Unexercised

Option

Option

Stock  That

Stock  That

Rights  That

Rights  That

Options  (#)

Options  (#)

Exercise

Expiration

Have  Not

Have  Not

Have  Not

Have  Not

Name

Exercisable

Unexercisable

Price  ($)

Date

Vested  (#)

Vested  ($)

Vested  (#)

Vested  ($)

Equity

Equity

Incentive

Incentive

Plan  Awards:

Plan  Awards:

Market  or

Number  of

Payout  Value

R.  Gonzalez

W.  Chase

L.  Schumacher

C.  Alban

M.  Severino

—

85,057

—

13,400

19,000

19,600

115,830

92,740

73,847

31,800

109,097

(3)

170,113

(3)

261,150

(3)

$58.8800

2/18/2025

54.8600

2/17/2026

61.3600

2/15/2027

—

—

—

—

—

28.3122

2/18/2020

24.2082

2/17/2021

29.2265

2/16/2022

35.8800

2/13/2023

51.4200

2/19/2024

36,923

(3)

63,600

(3)

58.8800

2/18/2025

54.8600

2/17/2026

—

100,100

(3)

61.3600

2/15/2027

94,140

68,813

26,150

—

51.4200

2/19/2024

34,407

(3)

52,300

(3)

58.8800

2/18/2025

54.8600

2/17/2026

—

100,100

(3)

61.3600

2/15/2027

48,100

115,830

81,500

67,973

26,624

—

74,309

69,653

30,664

—

—

—

33,987

(3)

53,246

(3)

95,750

(3)

29.2265

2/16/2022

35.8800

2/13/2023

51.4200

2/19/2024

58.8800

2/18/2025

54.8600

2/17/2026

61.3600

2/15/2027

—

54.4400

6/1/2024

34,827

(3)

61,326

(3)

58.8800

2/18/2025

54.8600

2/17/2026

—

100,100

(3)

61.3600

2/15/2027

55,197

(3)

104,263

(3)

156,440

(3)

18,680

(3)

38,980

(3)

59,960

(3)

$5,338,102

10,083,275

15,129,312

1,806,543

3,769,756

5,798,732

17,407

(3)

32,049

(3)

59,960

(3)

40,920

(3)

17,193

(3)

32,636

(3)

57,360

(3)

1,683,431

3,099,459

5,798,732

3,957,373

1,662,735

3,156,228

5,547,286

17,620

(3)

37,586

(3)

59,960

(3)

1,704,030

3,634,942

5,798,732

(1) Four  of  AbbVie’s  NEOs  were  employed  by  Abbott  Laboratories  (Abbott)  prior  to  AbbVie’s  separation  from  Abbott  on

January  1,  2013  (the  ‘‘Separation’’).  When  AbbVie  separated  from  Abbott,  outstanding  Abbott  equity  awards

generally  converted  into  adjusted  awards  based  on  Abbott  common  shares  and  AbbVie  common  stock  (except  to

the  extent  prohibited  by  local  law  or  with  respect  to  certain  awards  described  below).  Such  awards  are  subject  to

substantially  the  same  terms,  vesting  conditions  and  other  restrictions  that  applied  to  the  original  Abbott  awards

immediately  before  the  Separation.

Each  Abbott  stock  option  was  converted  into  an  adjusted  Abbott  stock  option  and  an  AbbVie  stock  option,  with

adjustments  to  the  stock  option  exercise  prices  that  were  intended  to  preserve  the  value  of  the  original  Abbott

award  as  measured  immediately  before  and  immediately  after  the  Separation.  Each  such  adjusted  Abbott  stock

option  and  AbbVie  stock  option  is  subject  to  substantially  the  same  terms,  vesting  conditions,  post-termination

48

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

48

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

exercise  rules  and  other  restrictions  that  applied  to  the  original  Abbott  stock  option  immediately  before  the

Separation.

As  a  result  of  the  Separation,  the  NEOs  held  the  following  Abbott  equity  awards  as  of  December  31,  2017:

• W.  Chase:  Vested  options  to  purchase  6,533  Abbott  common  shares  with  an  exercise  price  of  $27.03  per  share.

•

L.  Schumacher:  Vested  options  to  purchase  199,606  Abbott  common  shares  with  exercise  prices  ranging  from

$22.39  to  $27.03  per  share.

•

C.  Alban:  Vested  options  to  purchase  16,033  Abbott  common  shares  with  an  exercise  price  of  $27.03  per  share.

(2) Except  as  noted,  the  stock  options  are  fully  vested.

(3) The  vesting  dates  of  AbbVie  unexercisable  stock  options  and  unvested  performance  share  and  restricted  stock/unit

awards  outstanding  at  December  31,  2017  are  as  follows:

Option  Awards

Stock  or  Unit  Awards

Number  of

Number  of

Number  of

Number  of

Shares  of

Shares  of

Shares  of

Unexercised

Number  of

Number  of

Number  of

Restricted

Restricted

Restricted

Shares

Remaining

Option

Shares

Option

Shares

Option

Number  of

Stock  or

Stock  or

Shares

Shares  of

Units

Units

Stock  or

Units

from

Vesting—

Vesting—

Vesting—

Restricted

Vesting—

Vesting—

Vesting—

Original

Date

Date

Date

Stock  or

Date

Date

Date

Name

Grant

Vested  2018

Vested  2019

Vested  2020

Units

Vested  2018

Vested  2019

Vested  2020

R.  Gonzalez

109,097

109,097—2/19

170,113

85,056—2/18

85,057—2/18

261,150

87,050—2/16

87,050—2/16

87,050—2/16

W.  Chase

36,923

36,923—2/19

63,600

31,800—2/18

31,800—2/18

100,100

33,367—2/16

33,366—2/16

33,367—2/16

L.  Schumacher

34,407

34,407—2/19

52,300

26,150—2/18

26,150—2/18

100,100

33,367—2/16

33,366—2/16

33,367—2/16

C.  Alban

33,987

33,987—2/19

53,246

26,623—2/18

26,623—2/18

95,750

31,917—2/16

31,916—2/16

31,917—2/16

M.  Severino

34,827

34,827—2/19

61,326

30,663—2/18

30,663—2/18

100,100

33,367—2/16

33,366—2/16

33,367—2/16

55,197

47,397

56,866

78,220

78,220

18,680

17,720

21,260

29,980

29,980

17,407

14,569

17,480

29,980

29,980

40,920

17,193

14,836

17,800

28,680

28,680

17,620

17,086

20,500

29,980

29,980

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(a) These  are  shares  of  performance-vested  restricted  stock  that  remained  outstanding  and  unvested  on

December  31,  2017,  from  an  award  made  on  February  19,  2015.  The  award  has  a  5-year  term,  with  no  more

than  one-third  of  the  original  award  vesting  in  any  one  year  upon  AbbVie  achieving  a  minimum  return  on

equity  target,  measured  at  the  end  of  the  relevant  year.  In  2017,  AbbVie  reached  its  minimum  return  on

equity  target  and  the  unvested  shares  vested  on  February  28,  2018.

(b) These  are  performance  shares  that  remained  outstanding  and  unvested  on  December  31,  2017  from  an  award

made  on  February  18,  2016.  The  award  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  250%  of  target  during  a  3-year

49

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

49

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

performance  period  and  is  earned  based  on  company  performance  in  earnings  per  share  (EPS)  and  relative

total  stockholder  return  (TSR).  TSR  performance  is  measured  relative  to  a  group  made  up  of  companies  that

are  constituents  in  either  the  S&P  Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science  Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca

Pharmaceutical  Index.  Dividends  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  at  vesting  only  to  the

extent  that  shares  are  earned.  In  2016,  in  connection  with  the  phase-in  of  the  redesigned  long-term  incentive

program,  AbbVie’s  EPS  performance  resulted  in  the  vesting  on  February  28,  2017  of  two-thirds  of  the  award  at

166.7%  of  target,  and  the  remainder  of  the  award  has  been  banked  for  vesting  to  be  determined  based  on  the

company’s  relative  TSR  performance  following  the  3-year  performance  period  that  ends  December  31,  2018.

(c) These  are  performance-vested  restricted  stock  units  that  remained  outstanding  and  unvested  on  December  31,

2017,  from  an  award  made  on  February  18,  2016.  The  award  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  150%  of

target,  in  one-third  increments,  during  a  3-year  performance  term  based  on  AbbVie’s  return  on  equity  (ROE)

articulated  as  pre-set  goals  and  measured  relative  to  a  group  made  up  of  companies  that  are  constituents  in

either  the  S&P  Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science  Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index.

Dividends  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  at  vesting  only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are

earned.  In  2017,  AbbVie’s  relative  ROE  performance  resulted  in  the  vesting  on  February  28,  2018  of  one-third

of  the  award  at  150%  of  target.

(d) These  are  performance  shares  that  remained  outstanding  and  unvested  on  December  31,  2017  from  an  award

made  on  February  16,  2017.  The  award  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  250%  of  target  during  a  3-year

performance  period  based  on  company  performance  in  earnings  per  share  (EPS)  and  relative  total  stockholder

return  (TSR).  TSR  performance  is  measured  relative  to  a  group  made  up  of  companies  that  are  constituents  in

either  the  S&P  Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science  Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index.

Dividends  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  at  vesting  only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are

earned.  In  2017,  in  connection  with  the  phase-in  of  the  redesigned  long-term  incentive  program,  AbbVie’s  EPS

performance  resulted  in  the  vesting  on  February  28,  2018  of  one-third  of  the  award  at  173.3%  of  target,  and

the  remainder  of  the  award  has  been  banked  for  vesting  to  be  determined  based  on  the  company’s  relative

TSR  performance  following  the  3-year  performance  period  that  ends  December  31,  2019.

(e) These  are  performance-vested  restricted  stock  units  that  remained  outstanding  and  unvested  on  December  31,

2017,  from  an  award  made  on  February  16,  2017.  The  award  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  150%  of

target,  in  one-third  increments,  during  a  3-year  performance  term  based  on  AbbVie’s  return  on  equity  (ROE)

articulated  as  pre-set  goals  and  measured  relative  to  a  group  made  up  of  companies  that  are  constituents  in

either  the  S&P  Pharmaceutical,  Biotech,  and  Life  Science  Index  or  the  NYSE  Arca  Pharmaceutical  Index.

Dividends  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  at  vesting  only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are

earned.  In  2017,  AbbVie’s  relative  ROE  performance  resulted  in  the  vesting  on  February  28,  2018  of  one-third

of  the  award  at  150%  of  target.

(f)

This  is  a  performance  share  award  that  has  the  potential  to  vest  at  0%  to  275%  of  target,  in  five  tranches,

during  a  five-year  performance  period  based  on  achievement  of  specified  strategic  milestones  and  approval  by

the  compensation  committee.  Dividends  accrue  during  the  performance  period  and  are  paid  in  cash  at  vesting

only  to  the  extent  that  shares  are  earned.

50

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

50

2017  Option  Exercises  and  Stock  Vested
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  following  table  summarizes  for  each  NEO  the  number  of  shares  acquired  on  the  exercise  of  AbbVie  stock

options  and  the  number  of  shares  acquired  on  the  vesting  of  AbbVie  stock  awards  in  2017:

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Name

R.  Gonzalez

W.  Chase

L.  Schumacher

C.  Alban

M.  Severino

Pension  Benefits

Option  Awards

Stock  Awards

Number  of

Number  of

Shares

Value

Shares

Value

Acquired  On

Realized  On Acquired  On

Realized  On

Exercise  (#)

Exercise  ($)

Vesting  (#)

Vesting  ($)

571,239

$15,783,939

246,964

$15,366,100

38,300

1,406,902

87,988

5,474,613

225,310

12,104,815

77,852

4,843,951

45,800

2,097,264

75,968

4,726,729

0

0

114,377

7,328,505

During  2017,  the  NEOs  participated  in  two  AbbVie-sponsored  defined  benefit  pension  plans:  the  AbbVie  Pension

Plan,  a  tax-qualified  pension  plan;  and  the  AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan,  a  non-qualified  supplemental  pension

plan.  The  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  also  includes  a  benefit  feature  AbbVie  uses  to  attract  senior  executives  who  are

mid-career  hires,  which  provides  an  additional  benefit  to  such  participants  that  is  less  valuable  to  participants  who  have

spent  most  of  their  career  at  the  company.  Except  as  provided  in  AbbVie’s  change  in  control  agreements,  AbbVie  does

not  have  a  policy  granting  extra  years  of  credited  service  under  the  plans.  The  change  in  control  agreements  are

described  in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Potential  Payments  upon  Termination  or  Change  in  Control.’’

The  compensation  considered  in  determining  the  pensions  payable  to  the  NEOs  is  the  compensation  shown  in

the  ‘‘Salary’’  and  ‘‘Non-Equity  Incentive  Plan  Compensation’’  columns  of  the  Summary  Compensation  Table.

Pension  Plan

The  Pension  Plan  is  a  broad-based  plan  that  covers  most  AbbVie  employees  in  the  United  States,  age  21  or

older,  and  provides  participants  with  a  life  annuity  benefit  at  normal  retirement  equal  to  A  plus  the  greater  of  B  or  C

below.

A.

1.10%  of  5-year  final  average  earnings  multiplied  by  years  of  benefit  service  after  2003.

B.

1.65%  of  5-year  final  average  earnings  multiplied  by  years  of  benefit  service  prior  to  2004  (up  to  20);  plus

1.50%  of  5-year  final  average  earnings  multiplied  by  years  of  benefit  service  prior  to  2004  in  excess  of  20

(but  no  more  than  15  additional  years);  less  0.50%  of  the  lesser  of  3-year  final  average  earnings  (but  not

more  than  the  social  security  wage  base  in  any  year)  or  the  social  security  covered  compensation  level

multiplied  by  years  of  benefit  service.

C.

1.10%  of  5-year  final  average  earnings  multiplied  by  years  of  benefit  service  prior  to  2004.

The  benefit  for  service  prior  to  2004  (B  or  C  above)  is  reduced  for  the  cost  of  preretirement  surviving  spouse

benefit  protection.  The  reduction  is  calculated  using  formulas  based  on  age  and  employment  status  during  the  period  in

which  coverage  was  in  effect.

51

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

51

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Final  average  earnings  are  the  average  of  the  employee’s  60  highest-paid  consecutive  calendar  months  of

compensation  (salary  and  non-equity  incentive  plan  compensation).  The  Pension  Plan  covers  earnings  up  to  the  limit

imposed  by  Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  401(a)(17)  and  provides  for  a  maximum  of  35  years  of  benefit  service.

Participants  become  fully  vested  in  their  pension  benefit  upon  the  completion  of  five  years  of  service.  The

benefit  is  payable  on  an  unreduced  basis  at  age  65.  Employees  hired  after  2003  who  terminate  employment  prior  to

age  55  with  at  least  10  years  of  service  may  choose  to  commence  their  benefits  on  an  actuarially  reduced  basis  as  early

as  age  55.  Employees  hired  before  2004  who  terminate  employment  prior  to  age  50  with  at  least  10  years  of  service

may  choose  to  commence  their  benefits  on  an  actuarially  reduced  basis  as  early  as  age  50.  Employees  hired  before  2004

who  terminate  employment  prior  to  age  50  with  fewer  than  10  years  of  service  may  choose  to  commence  their  benefits

on  an  actuarially  reduced  basis  as  early  as  age  55.

The  Pension  Plan  offers  several  optional  forms  of  payment,  including  certain  and  life  annuities,  joint  and  survivor

annuities,  and  level  income  annuities.  The  benefit  paid  under  any  of  these  options  is  actuarially  equivalent  to  the  life

annuity  benefit  produced  by  the  formula  described  above.

Employees  who  retire  from  AbbVie  prior  to  their  normal  retirement  age  may  receive  subsidized  early  retirement

benefits.  Employees  hired  after  2003  are  eligible  for  early  retirement  at  age  55  with  10  years  of  service.  Employees  hired

before  2004  are  eligible  for  early  retirement  at  age  50  with  10  years  of  service  or  age  55  if  the  employee’s  age  plus

years  of  benefit  service  total  70  or  more.  Mr.  Gonzalez,  Mr.  Chase,  Ms.  Schumacher  and  Mr.  Alban  are  eligible  for  early

retirement  benefits  under  the  plan.

The  subsidized  early  retirement  reductions  applied  to  the  benefit  payable  for  service  after  2003  (A  above)

depend  upon  the  participant’s  age  at  retirement.  If  the  participant  retires  after  reaching  age  55,  the  benefit  is  reduced

5  percent  per  year  for  each  year  that  payments  are  made  before  age  62.  If  the  participant  retires  after  reaching  age  50

but  prior  to  reaching  age  55,  the  benefit  is  actuarially  reduced  from  age  65.

The  early  retirement  reductions  applied  to  the  benefit  payable  for  service  prior  to  2004  (B  and  C  above)  depend

upon  age  and  service  at  retirement:

•

In  general,  the  5-year  final  average  earnings  portions  of  the  benefit  are  reduced  3  percent  per  year  for  each

year  that  payments  are  made  before  age  62  and  the  3-year  final  average  earnings  portion  of  the  benefit  is

reduced  5  percent  per  year  for  each  year  that  payments  are  made  before  age  62.

•

Employees  who  participated  in  the  plan  before  age  36  may  elect  ‘‘Special  Retirement’’  on  the  last  day  of

any  month  after  reaching  age  55  with  age  plus  Seniority  Service  points  of  at  least  94  or  ‘‘Early  Special

Retirement’’  on  the  last  day  of  any  month  after  reaching  age  55,  provided  their  age  plus  Seniority  Service

points  would  reach  at  least  94  before  age  65.  Seniority  Service  includes  periods  of  employment  prior  to

attaining  the  minimum  age  required  to  participate  in  the  plan.  If  Special  Retirement  or  Early  Special

Retirement  applies,  Seniority  Service  is  used  in  place  of  benefit  service  in  the  formulas.  The  5-year  final

average  earnings  portions  of  the  benefit  in  B  above  are  reduced  12⁄3  percent  for  each  year  between  ages  59

and  62  plus  21⁄2  percent  for  each  year  between  ages  55  and  59.  The  3-year  final  average  earnings  portion  of

the  benefit  is  reduced  5  percent  per  year  for  each  year  that  payments  are  made  before  age  62.  Benefit  C  is

payable  on  an  unreduced  basis  at  Special  Retirement  and  is  reduced  3  percent  per  year  for  each  year  that

payments  are  made  before  age  62,  if  Early  Special  Retirement  applies.

52

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

52

Supplemental  Pension  Plan

The  provisions  of  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  (which  covers  AbbVie  employees  in  the  United  States  whose

compensation  exceeds  certain  limits  under  the  Internal  Revenue  Code)  are  substantially  the  same  as  those  of  the  Pension

Plan,  with  the  following  exceptions:

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

•

Participants’  5-year  final  average  earnings  are  calculated  using  the  average  of  the  5  highest  years  of  base

earnings  and  the  5  highest  years  of  payments  under  AbbVie’s  non-equity  incentive  plans.

•

The  Pension  Plan  does  not  include  amounts  deferred  or  payments  received  under  the  AbbVie  Deferred

Compensation  Plan  in  its  calculation  of  a  participant’s  final  average  earnings.  To  preserve  the  pension

benefits  of  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  participants,  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  includes  amounts

deferred  by  a  participant  under  the  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  in  its  calculation  of  final  average  earnings.

•

In  addition  to  the  benefits  outlined  above  for  the  Pension  Plan,  the  NEOs  are  eligible  for  an  additional

Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefit  equal  to  0.6%  of  5-year  final  average  earnings  for  each  year  of  service

for  each  of  the  first  20  years  of  service  occurring  after  the  participant  attains  age  35.  The  benefit  is  further

limited  by  the  maximum  percentage  allowed  under  the  Pension  Plan  under  that  plan’s  benefit  formulas  (A,  B

and  C  above).  The  portion  of  this  additional  benefit  attributable  to  service  before  2004  is  reduced  3  percent

per  year  for  each  year  that  payments  are  made  before  age  60.  The  portion  attributable  to  service  after

2003  is  reduced  5  percent  per  year  for  each  year  that  payments  are  made  before  age  60  if  the  participant

is  at  least  age  55  at  early  retirement.  If  the  participant  is  under  age  55  at  retirement,  the  portion

attributable  to  service  after  2003  is  actuarially  reduced  from  age  65.

•

The  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  provides  early  retirement  benefits  similar  to  those  provided  under  the

Pension  Plan.  The  benefits  provided  to  NEOs  under  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  are  not,  however,

reduced  for  the  period  between  age  60  and  age  62,  unless  the  benefit  is  being  actuarially  reduced  from  age

65.  Mr.  Gonzalez,  Mr.  Chase,  Ms.  Schumacher  and  Mr.  Alban  are  eligible  for  early  retirement  benefits  under

the  plan.

•

Vested  benefits  accrued  under  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  may  be  funded  through  a  grantor  trust

established  by  an  eligible  NEO.  Consistent  with  the  distribution  requirements  of  Internal  Revenue  Code

Section  409A  and  its  regulations,  an  NEO  who  became  an  officer  prior  to  2009  may  have  the  entire  amount

of  his  or  her  vested  plan  benefits  funded  through  a  grantor  trust.  An  eligible  NEO  who  became  an  officer

after  2008  may  have  only  the  vested  benefits  that  accrue  following  the  calendar  year  in  which  he  or  she  is

first  elected  as  an  officer  funded  through  a  grantor  trust.

Benefits  payable  under  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  are  offset  by  the  benefits  payable  from  the  Pension  Plan,

calculated  as  if  benefits  under  the  plans  commenced  at  the  same  time.  The  amounts  paid  to  an  eligible  NEO’s

Supplemental  Pension  Plan  grantor  trust  to  fund  plan  benefits  are  actuarially  determined.  The  plan  is  designed  to  result

in  AbbVie  paying  the  eligible  NEO’s  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefits  to  the  extent  assets  held  in  his  or  her  trust  are

insufficient.

53

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

53

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Pension  Benefits  Table

Present

Number  of

Value  of

Payments

Years Accumulated

During  Last

Credited

Benefit

Fiscal  Year

Name

Plan  Name

Service  (#)

($)(1)

($)

R.  Gonzalez

AbbVie  Pension  Plan

AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan

W.  Chase

AbbVie  Pension  Plan

AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan

L.  Schumacher

AbbVie  Pension  Plan

AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan

C.  Alban

AbbVie  Pension  Plan

AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan

M.  Severino

AbbVie  Pension  Plan

AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan

35

35

29

29

27

27

31

31

4

4

$392,632

$0

18,840,193

1,989,011

(2)

761,118

0

8,694,842

477,831

(2)

885,296

0

10,928,519

588,238

(2)

1,123,232

0

11,734,284

941,886

(2)

94,539

1,208,973

0

0

(1) AbbVie  calculated  these  present  values  using:  (i)  a  discount  rate  of  3.91%  for  the  Pension  Plan  and  a  discount  rate

of  3.87%  for  the  Supplemental  Pension  Plan,  the  same  discount  rates  it  uses  for  Financial  Accounting  Standards

Board  (FASB)  Accounting  Standards  Codification  (ASC)  Topic  715  calculations  for  financial  reporting  purposes;  and

(ii)  each  plan’s  unreduced  retirement  age,  which  is  age  62  under  the  AbbVie  Pension  Plan  and  age  60  under  the

AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  for  those  participants  who  are  eligible  for  early  retirement  benefits  and  age  65

under  both  plans  for  other  participants.  The  present  values  shown  in  the  table  reflect  postretirement  mortality,

based  on  the  FASB  ASC  Topic  715  assumption  (the  RP2006  Healthy  Annuitant  table  projected  fully  generationally

with  MP2017  mortality  improvement  scale),  but  do  not  include  a  factor  for  preretirement  termination,  mortality,  or

disability.

(2) During  2017,  the  amounts  shown,  less  applicable  tax  withholdings,  were  distributed  and  deposited  into  the

individual  grantor  trusts  established  by  the  eligible  NEOs  and  included  in  the  NEOs’  income,  as  applicable.

Consistent  with  the  distribution  requirements  of  Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  409A  and  its  regulations,  vested

Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefits,  to  the  extent  not  previously  funded,  are  distributed  to  the  eligible  participants’

individual  grantor  trusts  and  included  in  their  income.  Amounts  held  in  an  eligible  NEO’s  individual  trust  are

expected  to  offset  AbbVie’s  obligations  to  him  or  her  under  the  plan.  Grantor  trusts  are  described  in  greater  detail

in  the  section  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Compensation  Plan  Elements—Benefits—Retirement  Benefits.’’

54

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

54

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

Non-qualified  Deferred  Compensation
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  following  table  summarizes  Mr.  Chase’s  and  Ms.  Schumacher’s  non-qualified  deferred  compensation  under

the  AbbVie  Deferred  Compensation  Plan.  No  additional  contributions  have  been  made  to  their  accounts  under  the  plan

since  such  time  as  Mr.  Chase  and  Ms.  Schumacher,  respectively,  became  officers  and  ceased  to  be  eligible  to  contribute

to  the  plan.  None  of  the  other  NEOs  has  any  non-qualified  deferred  compensation  under  the  plan.

Name

Plan  Name(1)(2)

W.  Chase

Deferred  Compensation  Plan

L.  Schumacher

Deferred  Compensation  Plan

($)

$0

0

($)

$0

0

($)(3)

$12,920

86,969

($)

$0

0

($)(4)

$90,665

504,778

Executive

Registrant

Aggregate

Aggregate

Aggregate

contributions

contributions

earnings withdrawals/

balance  at

in  last  FY

in  last  FY

in  last  FY

distributions

last  FYE

(1) Mr.  Chase’s  and  Ms.  Schumacher’s  contributions  to  the  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  ceased  in  2007  and  2002,

respectively.

(2) The  plan  permits  participants  to  defer  up  to  75%  of  their  base  salary  and  up  to  75%  of  their  annual  cash  incentives

and  credits  a  participant’s  account  with  an  amount  equal  to  the  employer  matching  contributions  that  otherwise

would  have  been  made  for  the  participant  under  AbbVie’s  tax-qualified  defined  contribution  plan.  Participants  may

direct  the  investment  of  their  deferral  accounts  into  one  or  more  of  several  funds  chosen  by  the  administrator,  and

the  deferral  account  is  credited  with  investment  returns  based  on  the  performance  of  the  fund(s)  selected.  During

2017,  the  weighted  average  rate  of  return  credited  to  the  accounts  was  16.6%  for  Mr.  Chase  and  20.8%  for

Ms.  Schumacher.

The  plan  provides  for  cash  distributions  in  either  a  lump  sum  or  installments  after  separation  from  service  and

permits  in-service  withdrawals  in  accordance  with  specific  procedures.  Participants  make  distribution  elections  each

year  that  apply  to  the  deferrals  to  be  made  in  the  following  calendar  year,  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of

Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  409A.  Participants  may  request  withdrawals  due  to  financial  hardship;  if  a  hardship

withdrawal  is  approved,  it  is  limited  to  the  amount  needed  to  address  the  hardship.

(3) The  amounts  reported  in  this  column  are  not  included  in  the  Summary  Compensation  Table  of  this  proxy

statement.

(4) The  amounts  reported  in  this  column  have  not  been  previously  reported  as  compensation  in  AbbVie’s  Summary

Compensation  Tables  because  they  relate  to  contributions  made  before  the  applicable  individual  became  an  NEO.

Potential  Payments  upon  Termination  or  Change  in  Control
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Potential  Payments  upon  Termination—Generally

AbbVie  does  not  have  employment  agreements  with  its  NEOs.

The  following  summarizes  the  payments  that  the  NEOs  would  have  received  if  their  employment  had  terminated

on  December  31,  2017.  Earnings  would  have  continued  to  be  paid  for  the  NEO’s  Performance  Incentive  Plan  and

Supplemental  Savings  Plan  grantor  trusts,  as  applicable,  until  the  trust  assets  were  fully  distributed.  The  amount  of  these

payments  would  depend  on  the  trust  earnings  and  fees  and  the  period  over  which  the  trust  assets  were  distributed.

Based  on  current  earnings  rates,  if  the  trust  assets  were  distributed  over  a  10-year  period,  the  NEOs  would  receive  the

following  average  annual  earnings  payments  over  such  10-year  period:  Mr.  Gonzalez,  $557,712;  Mr.  Chase,  $372,521;

Ms.  Schumacher,  $775,316;  Mr.  Alban,  $511,318;  and  Dr.  Severino,  $162,653.  In  addition,  the  following  one-time  deposits

would  have  been  made  under  the  AbbVie  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  for  each  of  the  following  NEOs,  respectively:

Mr.  Gonzalez,  $575,371;  Mr.  Chase,  $4,230,765;  Ms.  Schumacher,  $977,515;  and  Mr.  Alban,  $2,976,044.  As  of

December  31,  2017,  Mr.  Gonzalez,  Mr.  Chase,  Ms.  Schumacher  and  Mr.  Alban  were  eligible  to  retire,  and  therefore  were

eligible  to  receive  the  pension  benefits  previously  described.

55

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

55

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

If  the  termination  of  employment  had  been  due  to  disability,  then  the  respective  NEO  also  would  have  received,

in  addition  to  AbbVie’s  standard  disability  benefits,  a  monthly  long-term  disability  benefit  in  the  following  amount:

Mr.  Gonzalez:  $216,563;  Mr.  Chase:  $97,727;  Ms.  Schumacher:  $97,727;  Mr.  Alban:  $91,811;  and  Dr.  Severino:  $97,753.

This  long-term  disability  benefit  would  continue  for  up  to  24  months  following  termination  of  employment.  It  ends  if  the

NEO  retires,  recovers,  dies  or  ceases  to  meet  eligibility  criteria.

If  the  NEO’s  employment  had  terminated  due  to  death  or  disability,  his  or  her  unvested  stock  options,  restricted

stock  or  unit  awards  and  performance  shares  would  have  vested  on  December  31,  2017  with  values  as  set  forth  below  in

the  subsection  of  this  proxy  statement  captioned  ‘‘Equity  Awards.’’

Potential  Payments  upon  Change  in  Control

AbbVie  has  entered  into  change  in  control  agreements  with  its  NEOs.  Each  change  in  control  agreement

continues  in  effect  until  December  31,  2018,  and  can  be  renewed  for  successive  two-year  terms  upon  notice  prior  to  the

expiration  date.  If  notice  of  non-renewal  is  given,  the  agreement  will  expire  on  the  later  of  the  scheduled  expiration  date

and  the  one-year  anniversary  of  the  date  of  such  notice.  If  no  notice  is  given,  the  agreement  will  expire  on  the  one-year

anniversary  of  the  scheduled  expiration  date.  Each  agreement  also  automatically  extends  for  two  years  following  any

change  in  control  (see  below)  that  occurs  while  the  agreement  is  in  effect.

The  agreements  provide  that  if  the  employee  is  terminated  other  than  for  cause  or  permanent  disability  or  if

the  employee  elects  to  terminate  employment  for  good  reason  (see  below)  within  two  years  following  a  change  in

control,  he  or  she  is  entitled  to  receive  a  lump  sum  payment  equal  to  three  times  his  or  her  annual  salary  and  annual

incentive  (‘‘bonus’’)  award  (assuming  for  this  purpose  that  all  target  performance  goals  have  been  achieved  or,  if  higher,

based  on  the  average  bonus  for  the  last  three  years),  plus  any  unpaid  bonus  owing  for  any  completed  performance

period  and  the  pro  rata  bonus  for  any  current  bonus  period  (based  on  the  highest  of  the  bonus  assuming  achievement

of  target  performance,  the  average  bonus  for  the  past  three  years  or,  in  the  case  of  the  unpaid  bonus  for  any  completed

performance  period,  the  actual  bonus  earned).  If  the  employee  is  terminated  other  than  for  cause  or  permanent

disability  or  if  the  employee  elects  to  terminate  employment  for  good  reason  during  a  potential  change  in  control  (see

below),  he  or  she  is  entitled  to  receive  a  lump  sum  payment  of  the  annual  salary  and  bonus  payments  described  above,

except  that  the  amount  of  the  bonus  to  which  the  employee  is  entitled  will  be  based  on  the  actual  achievement  of  the

applicable  performance  goals.  If  the  potential  change  in  control  becomes  a  ‘‘change  in  control  event’’  (within  the

meaning  of  Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  409A),  the  employee  will  be  entitled  to  receive  the  difference  between  the

bonus  amounts  the  officer  received  upon  termination  during  the  potential  change  in  control  and  the  bonus  amounts  that

would  have  been  received  had  such  amounts  instead  been  based  on  the  higher  of  the  employee’s  target  bonus  or  the

average  bonus  paid  to  the  employee  in  the  preceding  three  years.

Bonus  payments  include  payments  made  under  the  Performance  Incentive  Plan.  The  employee  also  will  receive

up  to  two  years  of  additional  employee  benefits  (including  welfare  benefits,  outplacement  services  and  tax  and  financial

counseling)  and  the  value  of  three  more  years  of  pension  accruals.  If  change  in  control-related  payments  and  benefits

become  subject  to  the  excise  tax  imposed  under  Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  4999,  payments  under  the  agreement

will  be  reduced  to  prevent  application  of  the  excise  tax  if  such  a  reduction  would  leave  the  employee  in  a  better

after-tax  position  than  if  the  payments  were  not  reduced  and  the  tax  applied.  The  agreements  also  limit  the  conduct  for

which  awards  under  AbbVie’s  incentive  stock  programs  can  be  terminated  and  generally  permit  options  to  remain

exercisable  for  the  remainder  of  their  term.

For  purposes  of  the  agreements,  the  term  ‘‘change  in  control’’  includes  the  following  events:  any  person

becoming  the  beneficial  owner  of  AbbVie  securities  representing  20  percent  or  more  of  the  outstanding  voting  power

(not  including  an  acquisition  directly  from  AbbVie  and  its  affiliates);  a  change  in  the  majority  of  the  members  of  the

board  of  directors  whose  appointment  was  approved  by  a  vote  of  at  least  two-thirds  of  the  incumbent  directors;  and  the

consummation  of  certain  mergers  or  similar  corporate  transactions  involving  AbbVie.  A  ‘‘potential  change  in  control’’

under  the  agreements  includes,  among  other  things,  AbbVie’s  entry  into  an  agreement  that  would  result  in  a  change  in

control.  Finally,  the  term  ‘‘good  reason’’  includes:  a  significant  adverse  change  in  the  employee’s  position,  duties,  or

authority;  the  company’s  failure  to  pay  the  employee’s  compensation  or  a  reduction  in  the  employee’s  base  pay  or

56

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

56

benefits;  or  the  relocation  of  the  company’s  principal  executive  offices  to  a  location  that  is  more  than  35  miles  from  the

location  of  the  offices  at  the  time  of  the  change  in  control.

If  a  change  in  control  had  occurred  on  December  31,  2017,  immediately  followed  by  one  of  the  covered

circumstances  described  above,  Mr.  Gonzalez,  Mr.  Chase,  Ms.  Schumacher,  Mr.  Alban,  and  Dr.  Severino  would  have  been

entitled  to  receive  the  following  payments  and  benefits  under  the  change  in  control  agreements:

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

• Mr.  Gonzalez:  cash  termination  payments—$15,026,000;  additional  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefits—

$3,551,556;  welfare  and  fringe  benefits—$76,522.

• Mr.  Chase:  cash  termination  payments—$7,520,350;  additional  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefits—

$2,519,592;  welfare  and  fringe  benefits—$77,586.

• Ms.  Schumacher:  cash  termination  payments—$7,221,646;  additional  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefits—

$4,946,345;  welfare  and  fringe  benefits—$62,893.

• Mr.  Alban:  cash  termination  payments—$5,824,970;  additional  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefits—

$2,944,851;  welfare  and  fringe  benefits—$77,349.

•

Dr.  Severino:  cash  termination  payments—$7,081,560;  additional  Supplemental  Pension  Plan  benefits—

$1,005,724;  welfare  and  fringe  benefits—$76,882.

The  amounts  shown  for  Ms.  Schumacher’s  cash  termination  payments  and  additional  supplemental  pension  plan

benefits  reflect  reductions  of  $298,704  and  $204,592,  respectively,  and  the  amounts  shown  for  Mr.  Alban’s  cash

termination  payments  and  additional  supplemental  pension  plan  benefits  reflect  reductions  of  $1,046,670  and  $529,151,

respectively,  which  would  have  applied  under  cutback  provisions  in  the  agreements  as  described  above.

Equity  Awards

The  AbbVie  2013  Incentive  Stock  Program  was  approved  by  AbbVie’s  stockholders  and  covers  approximately

8,500  participants,  including  a  broad  group  of  management  and  professional  staff.

The  AbbVie  2013  Incentive  Stock  Program  provides  that  any  unvested  equity  awards  granted  in  or  after  February

2013  may  be  assumed,  converted  or  replaced  on  an  equivalent  basis  by  the  surviving  company  upon  a  change  in  control.

If  the  surviving  company  does  not  do  so,  the  vesting  of  the  awards  is  accelerated.  If  the  surviving  company  does  assume,

convert  or  replace  the  awards  on  an  equivalent  basis,  then  accelerated  vesting  of  the  awards  is  limited  to  circumstances

in  which,  during  the  period  from  six  months  before  through  two  years  after  a  change  in  control,  the  grantee’s

employment  is  terminated  without  cause  or  the  grantee  resigns  for  good  reason.  The  terms  ‘‘cause’’  and  ‘‘good  reason’’

have  the  same  definitions  as  in  the  change  in  control  agreements.

If  a  change  in  control  had  occurred  on  December  31,  2017  and  the  surviving  company  did  not  assume,  convert

or  replace  any  of  the  awards  granted  in  or  after  January  2013,  or  the  NEO’s  employment  had  terminated  without  cause

or  he  or  she  had  resigned  for  good  reason,  as  described  above,  then  the  unvested  equity  awards  of  the  NEOs  would

have  vested  as  follows:

• Mr.  Gonzalez  would  have  vested  in  (i)  540,360  unvested  AbbVie  stock  options  with  a  value  of  $20,478,023,

(ii)  55,197  shares  of  AbbVie  restricted  stock  with  a  value  of  $5,338,102,  (iii)  162,340  AbbVie  restricted  stock

units  with  a  value  of  15,699,853,  and  (iv)  203,837  AbbVie  performance  shares  with  a  value  of  $19,713,076.

• Mr.  Chase  would  have  vested  in  (i)  200,623  unvested  AbbVie  stock  options  with  a  value  of  $7,596,991,

(ii)  18,680  shares  of  AbbVie  restricted  stock  with  a  value  of  $1,806,543,  (iii)  61,552  AbbVie  restricted  stock

units  with  a  value  of  $5,952,694,  and  (iv)  77,680  AbbVie  performance  shares  with  a  value  of  $7,512,433.

57

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

57

EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION

• Ms.  Schumacher  would  have  vested  in  (i)  186,807  unvested  AbbVie  stock  options  with  a  value  of

$7,028,907,  (ii)  17,407  shares  of  AbbVie  restricted  stock  with  a  value  of  $1,683,431,  (iii)  56,827  AbbVie

restricted  stock  units  with  a  value  of  $5,495,739,  and  (iv)  115,449  AbbVie  performance  shares  with  a  value

of  $11,165,073.

• Mr.  Alban  would  have  vested  in  (i)  182,983  unvested  AbbVie  stock  options  with  a  value  of  $6,898,837,

(ii)  17,193  shares  of  AbbVie  restricted  stock  with  a  value  of  $1,662,735,  (iii)  55,710  AbbVie  restricted  stock

units  with  a  value  of  $5,387,714,  and  (iv)  72,196  AbbVie  performance  shares  with  a  value  of  $6,982,075.

•

Dr.  Severino  would  have  vested  in  (i)  196,253  unvested  AbbVie  stock  options  with  a  value  of  $7,422,533,

(ii)  17,620  shares  of  AbbVie  restricted  stock  with  a  value  of  $1,704,030,  (iii)  60,602  AbbVie  restricted  stock

units  with  a  value  of  $5,860,819,  and  (iv)  77,046  AbbVie  performance  shares  with  a  value  of  $7,451,119.

The  value  of  stock  options  shown  is  based  on  the  excess  of  the  closing  price  of  one  share  of  common  stock  on

December  29,  2017  over  the  exercise  price  of  such  options,  multiplied  by  the  number  of  unvested  stock  options  held  by

the  NEO.  The  value  of  restricted  stock,  restricted  stock  units  and  performance  shares  shown  is  determined  by  multiplying

the  number  of  shares  or  units  that  would  vest  as  of  December  31,  2017  in  accordance  with  the  applicable  equity  award

agreement  terms  and  the  closing  price  of  one  share  of  common  stock  on  December  29,  2017.

58

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

58

RATIFICATION OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS ABBVIE’S

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

(ITEM 2)

24FEB201823063744

The  audit  committee  of  the  board  of  directors  is  directly  responsible  for  the  appointment,  compensation,

retention  and  oversight  of  the  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  retained  to  audit  the  company’s  financial

statements.  On  October  12,  2017,  the  audit  committee  appointed  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  (the  independent  auditor)  to

perform  independent  audit  services  for  the  fiscal  year  ending  December  31,  2018.  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  has  served  as  our

independent  auditor  since  2013.  In  conjunction  with  the  periodic  mandated  rotation  of  the  audit  firm’s  lead  engagement

partner,  the  chair  of  the  audit  committee  would  be  involved  in  the  selection  of  a  new  lead  engagement  partner.  Further,

the  audit  committee  will  periodically  consider  whether  there  should  be  a  regular  rotation  of  the  independent  auditor.

Although  the  audit  committee  has  sole  authority  to  appoint  the  independent  auditor,  it  would  like  to  know  the

opinion  of  the  stockholders  regarding  its  appointment  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  for  2018.  For  this  reason,  stockholders  are

being  asked  to  ratify  this  appointment.  If  the  stockholders  do  not  ratify  the  appointment  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  for  2018,

the  audit  committee  will  take  that  fact  into  consideration,  but  may,  nevertheless,  continue  to  retain  Ernst  &  Young  LLP.

The  audit  committee  and  the  board  believe  that  the  continued  retention  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  to  serve  as  the  company’s

independent  auditor  is  in  the  best  interests  of  the  company  and  its  stockholders.

Representatives  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  are  expected  to  be  present  at  the  Annual  Meeting  and  will  be  given  the

opportunity  to  make  a  statement  if  they  desire  to  do  so.  They  will  also  be  available  to  respond  to  appropriate  questions.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  FOR  ratification  of  the  appointment  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  as

AbbVie’s  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  for  2018.

59

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

59

AUDIT INFORMATION

24FEB201823061181

Audit  Fees  and  Non-Audit  Fees
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  following  table  presents  fees  for  professional  audit  services  rendered  to  AbbVie  by  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  for

the  years  ended  December  31,  2017  and  December  31,  2016,  and  fees  for  other  services  rendered  to  AbbVie  by  Ernst  &

Young  LLP  for  those  periods.

Audit  fees:

(1)

Audit  related  fees:

(2)

Tax  fees:

(3)

All  other  fees:

(4)

Total

2017

2016

(millions)

(millions)

$11.0

$10.5

0.3

2.0

0.6

0.3

2.3

1.0

$13.9

$14.1

(1) Ernst  &  Young  LLP  billed  or  will  bill  AbbVie  for  professional  services  rendered  for  the  audit  of  AbbVie’s  annual

financial  statements,  the  review  of  AbbVie’s  financial  statements  included  in  AbbVie’s  quarterly  reports,  the  audits

of  AbbVie’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  statutory  and  subsidiary  audits,  the  review  of  documents  filed

with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  comfort  letters,  consents  and  certain  accounting  consultations  in

connection  with  the  audits.

(2) Audit  related  fees  include  audits  of  certain  employee  benefit  plan  financial  statements  and  other  agreed  upon

procedures.

(3) Tax  fees  consist  principally  of  professional  services  for  corporate  tax  compliance  and  tax  advisory  services.

(4) Other  fees  represent  Independent  Review  Organization  services.

Policy  on  Audit  Committee  Pre-Approval  of  Audit  and  Permissible  Non-Audit  Services  of  the  Independent

Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  audit  committee  has  established  policies  and  procedures  to  pre-approve  all  audit  and  permissible  non-audit

services  performed  by  the  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  (the  independent  auditor)  and  its  related

affiliates.

Prior  to  engagement  of  the  independent  auditor  for  the  next  year’s  audit,  management  will  submit  a  schedule

of  all  proposed  permissible  services  expected  to  be  rendered  during  that  year  for  each  of  four  categories  of  services  to

the  audit  committee  for  approval.

Prior  to  engagement,  the  audit  committee  pre-approves  these  services  by  category  of  service.  The  fees  are

budgeted  and  the  audit  committee  requires  the  independent  auditor  and  management  to  report  actual  fees  versus  the

budget  periodically  by  category  of  service.  During  the  year,  circumstances  may  arise  when  it  may  become  necessary  to

engage  the  independent  auditor  for  additional  services  not  contemplated  in  the  original  pre-approval.  In  those  instances,

the  audit  committee  requires  specific  pre-approval  before  engaging  the  independent  auditor.

The  audit  committee  may  delegate  pre-approval  authority  to  one  or  more  of  its  members.  The  member  to

whom  such  authority  is  delegated  must  report  any  pre-approval  decisions  to  the  audit  committee  at  its  next  scheduled

meeting.

60

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

60

AUDIT  INFORMATION

Audit  Committee  Report
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  audit  committee  is  comprised  of  five  non-employee  members  of  the  board  of  directors.  Each  audit

committee  member  meets  the  independence  requirements  of  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange  and  Rule  10A-3  of  the

Exchange  Act.  The  committee  operates  under  a  written  charter  adopted  by  the  board  of  directors.  Consistent  with  the

responsibilities  set  forth  in  its  charter,  the  audit  committee  assists  the  board  of  directors  in  its  oversight  of  AbbVie’s

accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting  practices.

The  audit  committee  has  reviewed  and  discussed  the  audited  financial  statements  contained  in  the  2017  Annual

Report  on  Form  10-K  with  AbbVie’s  management  and  its  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  (the  independent

auditor).  Management  is  responsible  for  the  preparation  and  integrity  of  AbbVie’s  consolidated  financial  statements.  The

independent  auditor  is  responsible  for  performing  an  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  expressing  an

opinion  on  the  conformity  of  those  financial  statements  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  United

States  of  America.  The  audit  committee  reviews  these  processes  on  behalf  of  the  board  of  directors.  Periodically,  during

the  year,  the  audit  committee  reviewed  and  discussed  with  AbbVie’s  management,  internal  auditors,  and  independent

auditor  the  effectiveness  of  AbbVie’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and  the  overall  quality  of  AbbVie’s  financial

reporting.

The  audit  committee  has  discussed  with  the  independent  auditor  the  matters  required  to  be  discussed  pursuant

to  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (PCAOB)  Auditing  Standard  No.  16,  Communication  with  Audit

Committees.  In  addition,  the  audit  committee  has  received  the  written  disclosures  and  the  letter  from  the  independent

auditor  regarding  its  independence  required  by  PCAOB  Ethics  and  Independence  Rule  3526,  Communications  with  Audit

Committees  Concerning  Independence,  and  has  discussed  with  the  independent  auditor  the  firm’s  independence.  The

audit  committee  has  also  considered  whether  the  provision  of  non-audit  services  is  compatible  with  maintaining  the

independence  of  the  independent  auditor  and  concluded  the  independent  auditor’s  independence  has  not  been

impaired.

Based  on  the  review  and  discussions  referred  to  above,  the  audit  committee  recommended  to  the  board  of

directors  that  the  audited  financial  statements  be  included  in  AbbVie’s  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended

December  31,  2017  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.

Audit  Committee

R.  Austin,  Chair,  W.  Burnside,  M.  Meyer,  E.  Rapp,  and  F.  Waddell

61

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

61

SAY ON PAY—ADVISORY VOTE ON THE APPROVAL OF

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (ITEM 3)

24FEB201823063863

Stockholders  are  being  asked  to  approve  the  compensation  of  AbbVie’s  named  executive  officers,  as  disclosed

under  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  rules,  including  the  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis,  the  compensation

tables  and  related  material  included  in  this  proxy  statement.

The  independent  compensation  committee  of  the  board  of  directors,  with  the  counsel  of  its  independent

compensation  consultant,  has  thoroughly  examined  AbbVie’s  programs,  the  company’s  performance  related  to  our

industry  and  peer  group,  and  market  factors.  The  committee  has  determined  that  the  specific  pay  decisions  for  the

named  executive  officers  are  appropriate  given  the  company’s  performance,  the  executives’  contributions,  and  our

stockholders’  interests.

While  this  vote  is  advisory  and  non-binding,  the  board  of  directors  and  the  compensation  committee  value  the

opinion  of  the  stockholders  and  will  review  the  voting  results  and  take  them  into  account  when  future  compensation

decisions  are  made.

Accordingly,  the  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  FOR  the  approval  of  the  named  executive

officers’  compensation.

62

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

62

SAY WHEN ON PAY—ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF
FUTURE APPROVALS OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (ITEM 4)

25FEB201802295611

The  Dodd-Frank  Act  provides  stockholders  the  opportunity  to  vote,  on  an  advisory  and  non-binding  basis,  their

preference  as  to  the  frequency  of  future  advisory  approvals  of  named  executive  officer  compensation.  This  vote  is  often

referred  to  as  ‘‘say  when  on  pay.’’  Stockholders  can  vote  on  whether  future  advisory  approvals  of  named  executive

officer  compensation  should  occur  every  year,  every  two  years  or  every  three  years,  or  they  can  abstain  from  voting.

AbbVie’s  first  ‘‘say  when  on  pay’’  advisory  vote  occurred  in  2013  and  resulted  in  80%  support  for  ‘‘annual’’

advisory  approvals  of  named  executive  officer  compensation.  After  careful  consideration,  the  board  of  directors

recommends  that  future  advisory  approvals  of  executive  officer  compensation  occur  every  year.

While  this  vote  is  advisory  and  non-binding,  the  board  of  directors  values  the  opinion  of  the  stockholders  and

will  review  the  voting  results  and  take  them  into  account.

Accordingly,  the  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  for  a  vote  to  approve  the  named  executive

officers’  compensation  every  1  YEAR.

63

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

63

MANAGEMENT PROPOSAL REGARDING ANNUAL ELECTION OF

DIRECTORS ΈITEM 5Ή

24FEB201823062747

Currently,  AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  (the  ‘‘Certificate  of  Incorporation’’)

provides  for  a  classified  board  of  directors  divided  into  three  classes  of  directors,  with  each  class  elected  for  three-year

terms.

After  considering  the  advantages  and  disadvantages  of  declassification,  including  through  an  open  dialogue  with

our  stockholders,  the  board  has  determined  it  is  in  the  best  interests  of  the  company  and  its  stockholders  to  amend  the

company’s  Certificate  of  Incorporation  and  the  Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws  (the  ‘‘By-Laws’’)  to  declassify  the  board.

This  will  result  in  a  fully  declassified  board  by  the  2021  Annual  Meeting.

The  proposed  amendment  to  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  would  eliminate  the  classification  of  the  board  over

a  three-year  period  beginning  at  the  2019  Annual  Meeting  with  directors  elected  to  a  one-year  term  following  the

expiration  of  the  directors’  existing  terms  and  provide  for  the  annual  election  of  all  directors  beginning  at  the  2021

Annual  Meeting.  The  proposed  amendment  to  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  would  become  effective  upon  the  filing  of

a  Certificate  of  Amendment  with  the  Secretary  of  State  of  the  State  of  Delaware,  which  the  company  would  file  promptly

following  the  2018  Annual  Meeting  if  our  stockholders  approve  the  amendment.  The  proposed  amendment  would  not

change  the  present  number  of  directors  or  the  board’s  authority  to  change  that  number  and  to  fill  any  vacancies  or

newly  created  directorships.

Delaware  law  provides,  unless  otherwise  addressed  in  the  certificate  of  incorporation,  that  members  of  a  board

that  is  classified  may  be  removed  only  for  cause.  The  proposed  amendment  would  provide  that  once  the  AbbVie  board

is  fully  declassified  as  of  the  2021  Annual  Meeting,  directors  may  be  removed  with  or  without  cause.

The  proposed  Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  is  attached  to  this  proxy  statement  as

Appendix  A.  The  affirmative  vote  of  the  holders  of  80  percent  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  stock  entitled  to  vote

generally  in  the  election  of  directors  on  the  Record  Date  is  required  to  approve  this  proposal  pursuant  to  the  Certificate

of  Incorporation.  If  our  stockholders  approve  the  proposed  amendment  to  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  the  board  will

make  certain  conforming  changes  to  the  company’s  By-Laws.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  FOR  the  management  proposal  to  amend  the  Certificate  of

Incorporation  to  declassify  the  board  of  directors  for  annual  elections.

64

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

64

MANAGEMENT PROPOSAL TO ELIMINATE SUPERMAJORITY

VOTING ΈITEM 6Ή

24FEB201823062868

Currently,  AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  (the  ‘‘Certificate  of  Incorporation’’)

provides  that  certain  amendments  to  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  or  AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws  (the

‘‘By-Laws’’)  require  the  affirmative  vote  of  shares  representing  no  less  than  80  percent  of  AbbVie’s  outstanding  shares  of

stock  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors.  We  refer  to  these  provisions  listed  below  as  the

‘‘Supermajority  Voting  Requirement.’’

Specifically,  Article  VIII  of  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  provides  that  any  stockholder-approved  alteration,

amendment,  or  repeal  of  any  of  the  By-Law  provisions  listed  below,  or  the  adoption  of  any  stockholder-approved  By-Law

provision  inconsistent  with  those  By-Law  provisions,  must  be  approved  pursuant  to  the  Supermajority  Voting

Requirement.  The  By-Law  provisions  covered  by  the  Supermajority  Voting  Requirement  are  in  regards  to:

•

special  meetings  of  stockholders  and  written  consents  by  stockholders  (Article  II,  Sections  2.2  and  2.12,

respectively);

•

board  size  and  tenure,  classes  of  directors,  board  vacancies,  and  director  removal  (Article  III,  Sections  3.2,

3.3,  3.10  and  3.11,  respectively);

•

indemnification  of  directors  and  officers  (Article  VII);  and

•

amendments  to  the  By-Laws  (Article  X).

Article  XI  of  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  provides  that  any  alteration,  amendment,  or  repeal  of  any  of  the

provisions  of  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  listed  below,  or  the  adoption  of  any  provision  inconsistent  with  those

provisions,  must  be  approved  pursuant  to  the  Supermajority  Voting  Requirement.  The  provisions  covered  by  the

Supermajority  Voting  Requirement  are  in  regards  to:

•

board  size,  classes  of  directors,  board  vacancies,  and  director  removal  (Article  VI,  Sections  1,  2,  3  and  4,

respectively);  and

• written  consents  by  stockholders  and  special  meetings  of  stockholders  (Article  VII,  Sections  1  and  2,

respectively).

After  reviewing  the  advantages  and  disadvantages  of  the  Supermajority  Voting  Requirement  at  this  time,  the

board  approved,  and  recommends  that  stockholders  approve,  the  amendment  and  restatement  of  Articles  VIII  and  XI  of

the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  to  remove  the  Supermajority  Voting  Requirement  contained  therein.  If  approved,  future

stockholder-approved  amendments  to  the  By-Law  and  Certificate  of  Incorporation  provisions  listed  above  will  not  be

subject  to  the  Supermajority  Voting  Requirement  and  will  instead  require  the  affirmative  vote  of  a  majority  of  AbbVie’s

outstanding  shares  of  stock  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors.

The  proposed  Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  is  attached  to  this  proxy  statement  as

Appendix  B,  which  the  company  would  file  promptly  following  the  2018  Annual  Meeting  if  our  stockholders  approve  the

amendment.  The  affirmative  vote  of  the  holders  of  80  percent  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  stock  entitled  to  vote

generally  in  the  election  of  directors  on  the  Record  Date  is  required  to  approve  this  proposal  pursuant  to  the  Certificate

of  Incorporation.  The  board  has  approved  certain  conforming  changes  to  the  company’s  By-Laws,  contingent  on  the

effectiveness  of  the  proposed  amendment  to  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  FOR  the  management  proposal  to  amend  and  restate  the

Certificate  of  Incorporation  to  eliminate  supermajority  voting.

65

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

65

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

24FEB201823064223

Three  stockholder  proposals  will  be  voted  upon  at  the  Annual  Meeting  if  properly  presented  by  or  on  behalf  of

the  proponent.  The  address  of  each  of  the  proponents  is  available  upon  request.  The  proposed  resolutions  and  the

statements  made  in  support  thereof,  as  well  as  the  board  of  directors’  statements  in  opposition  to  these  proposals,  are

presented  on  the  following  pages.  The  proposal  may  contain  assertions  about  AbbVie  or  other  statements  that  we

believe  are  incorrect.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  AGAINST  the  proposals  for  the  reasons  set  forth  following

the  proposals.

Stockholder  Proposal  on  Lobbying  Report  (Item  7  on  Proxy  Card)
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Zevin  Asset  Management,  on  behalf  of  William  Creighton,  and  co-filers  Congregation  of  Sisters  of  St.  Agnes  and

Fresh  Pond  Capital  have  notified  AbbVie  that  it  intends  to  present  the  following  proposal  at  the  Annual  Meeting  and  that

they  collectively  own  21,327  AbbVie  shares.

Whereas,  we  believe  in  full  disclosure  of  AbbVie’s  direct  and  indirect  lobbying  activities  and  expenditures  to

assess  whether  AbbVie’s  lobbying  is  consistent  with  AbbVie’s  expressed  goals  and  in  the  best  interests  of  stockholders.

Resolved,  the  stockholders  of  AbbVie  request  the  preparation  of  a  report,  updated  annually,  disclosing:

1.

Company  policy  and  procedures  governing  lobbying,  both  direct  and  indirect,  and  grassroots  lobbying

communications.

2.

Payments  by  AbbVie  used  for  (a)  direct  or  indirect  lobbying  or  (b)  grassroots  lobbying  communications,  in  each

case  including  the  amount  of  the  payment  and  the  recipient.

3.

AbbVie’s  membership  in  and  payments  to  any  tax-exempt  organization  that  writes  and  endorses  model

legislation.

4.

Description  of  management’s  decision  making  process  and  the  Board’s  oversight  for  making  payments  described

in  section  2  above.

For  purposes  of  this  proposal,  a  ‘‘grassroots  lobbying  communication’’  is  a  communication  directed  to  the

general  public  that  (a)  refers  to  specific  legislation  or  regulation,  (b)  reflects  a  view  on  the  legislation  or  regulation  and

(c)  encourages  the  recipient  of  the  communication  to  take  action  with  respect  to  the  legislation  or  regulation.  ‘‘Indirect

lobbying’’  is  lobbying  engaged  in  by  a  trade  association  or  other  organization  of  which  AbbVie  is  a  member.

Both  ‘‘direct  and  indirect  lobbying’’  and  ‘‘grassroots  lobbying  communications’’  include  efforts  at  the  local,  state

and  federal  levels.

The  report  shall  be  presented  to  the  Audit  Committee  or  other  relevant  oversight  committees  and  posted

directly  on  AbbVie’s  website.

Supporting  Statement

As  stockholders,  we  encourage  transparency  and  accountability  in  the  use  of  corporate  funds  to  influence

legislation  and  regulation,  both  directly  and  indirectly.  AbbVie  spent  $20.57  million  from  2013  -  2016  on  federal  lobbying

(opensecrets.org).  This  figure  does  not  include  lobbying  expenditures  to  influence  legislation  in  states,  where  AbbVie  also

lobbies  but  disclosure  is  uneven  or  absent.  For  example,  AbbVie  spent  $1,506,820  on  lobbying  in  California  from

66

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

66

STOCKHOLDER  PROPOSALS

2013  -  2016.  AbbVie’s  lobbying  on  Humira  attracted  media  scrutiny  (‘‘‘Cures’  Act  in  Congress  Heavily  Influenced  by

Lobbyists,’’  NBC  News,  November  2016).  Investors  are  concerned  that  AbbVie  does  not  publish  total  state  and  federal

lobbying  expenditures.

AbbVie  is  a  member  of  the  Chamber  of  Commerce,  which  has  spent  over  $1.3  billion  on  lobbying  since  1998.

AbbVie  also  sits  on  the  board  of  the  Pharmaceutical  Research  and  Manufacturers  of  America  (PhRMA),  which  spent  over

$100  million  against  a  California  drug  pricing  initiative  (‘‘Big  Pharma  Fights  ‘Tooth  and  Nail’  against  California  Drug  Vote,’’

Bloomberg,  October  2016).  AbbVie  does  not  disclose  the  portion  of  its  trade  association  payments  that  are  used  for

lobbying.

AbbVie’s  membership  in  PhRMA  and  the  Chamber  could  present  reputational  risks  on  the  issues  of  affordable

medicine,  improving  health,  and  addressing  climate  change.  For  example,  AbbVie  believes  patients  need  access  to

affordable  medicines,  yet  it  helps  fund  PhRMA’s  opposition  to  lower  drug  price  initiatives.  AbbVie  supports  smoking

cessation,  yet  the  Chamber  has  worked  to  block  global  antismoking  laws.  And  AbbVie  believes  ‘‘climate  change  is  one  of

the  most  critical  issues  facing  our  planet,’’  yet  the  Chamber  sued  to  block  the  Clean  Power  Plan.

Board  of  Directors  Statement  in  Opposition  to  the  Stockholder  Proposal  on  Lobbying  Report  (Item  7  on

Proxy  Card)
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  stockholders  vote  AGAINST  this  proposal.  This  proposal  is  unnecessary,

because  AbbVie  already  makes  extensive  disclosures  regarding  our  lobbying  and  political  activities  as  required  by  law  and

we  voluntarily  disclose  additional  related  information  on  our  website,  as  outlined  below.  AbbVie  has  already

demonstrated  transparency  with  respect  to  lobbying  activities  and  strong  risk  mitigation  procedures  governing  such

activities.  The  preparation  and  maintenance  of  an  additional  report,  as  proposed,  is  neither  a  good  use  of  resources,  nor

would  it  increase  stockholder  value.

The  board,  through  its  public  policy  committee,  exercises  oversight  of  AbbVie’s  political  and  lobbying  activities.

•

The  board  of  directors  public  policy  committee  exercises  oversight  of  AbbVie’s  political  expenditures  and

lobbying  activities,  as  specifically  enumerated  in  the  committee’s  charter,  and  which  are  further  governed  by

the  Committee’s  approved  policy  on  political  contributions.  The  public  policy  committee  and  AbbVie’s  senior

management  review  these  activities  and  expenditures  on  a  regular  basis.

• Our  Executive  Vice  President,  External  Affairs,  who  reports  directly  to  the  CEO,  and  our  Vice  President,

Government  Affairs,  each  review  and  approve  AbbVie’s  lobbying  strategy  and  all  plans  for  corporate  political

contributions  at  the  recommendation  of  AbbVie’s  Government  Affairs  function  to  ensure  that  these  activities

are  consistent  with  the  company’s  guidelines  and  comply  with  applicable  laws.

• We  believe  this  approach,  as  explained  on  our  website,  minimizes  risk  and  reflects  our  guiding  commitment

to  transparency,  stewardship  of  corporate  and  stockholder  funds,  sound  corporate  practice,  and  high

standards  of  ethical  conduct.

AbbVie  already  makes  extensive  disclosures  regarding  lobbying  and  political  activities  and  has  been  recognized  as  a

leader  in  this  area.

•

Since  our  launch  as  a  new  public  company  in  2013,  AbbVie  has  provided  robust  transparency  through  the

disclosures  described  below.  AbbVie’s  website  describes  our  oversight  process  and  our  guiding  principles  for

lobbying  and  political  activities.  We  pursue  activities  that  shape  policies  to  benefit  patients,  with  a  focus  on

improving  patient  access  to  new  therapeutic  advances.

•

In  part  due  to  the  extensive  disclosures  described  below,  AbbVie  has  been  recognized  as  a  leader  in

providing  the  highest  level  of  political  transparency  and  accountability.  In  2017,  AbbVie  was  recognized  as  a

67

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

67

STOCKHOLDER  PROPOSALS

‘‘trendsetter’’  in  this  area  by  the  CPA-Zicklin  Index,  the  highest  ranking  a  company  can  receive.  This  index,

which  is  produced  by  the  non-profit  Center  for  Political  Accountability  in  conjunction  with  the  Zicklin  Center

for  Business  Ethics  Research  at  The  Wharton  School  at  the  University  of  Pennsylvania,  benchmarks  the

political  disclosure  and  accountability  policies  and  practices  of  leading  U.S.  public  companies.  AbbVie  was

also  ranked  in  the  top  tier  of  companies  in  2016,  2015,  and  2014.

•

AbbVie  files  quarterly  reports  that  include  (i)  total  federal  lobbying  expenditures,  (ii)  the  name  of  the

legislation  or  subject  matter  covered,  (iii)  individuals  who  lobbied  on  behalf  of  AbbVie,  and  (iv)  identification

of  the  legislative  body  or  executive  branch  that  was  contacted,  in  compliance  with  the  Lobbying  Disclosure

Act.  These  reports  include  expenses  associated  with  lobbying  the  federal  government  and  the  portion  of

trade  association  dues  associated  with  federal  lobbying.  AbbVie  provides  links  to  these  reports  on  our

website  at  http://www.abbvie.com/responsibility/transparency-policies/home.html#cpc.  We  file  similar

publicly-available  lobbying  reports  with  state  and  local  agencies  as  required  by  law.

•

In  2016,  we  enhanced  our  website  with  a  comprehensive  list  of  our  state  lobbying  reports  with  direct  links

to  our  state  filings  or  the  relevant  database.

•

AbbVie  also  provides  a  listing  of  corporate  contributions  to  political  candidates,  political  parties,  political

committees,  ballot  measure  committees,  and  organizations  operating  under  Section  527  of  the  Internal

Revenue  Code.  These  reports  are  updated  every  six  months  and  are  archived  for  reference  on  our  website

identified  above.

•

AbbVie  does  not  currently  make  direct  expenditures  toward  U.S.  federal  or  state  grassroots  lobbying

communications  to  the  general  public  and  does  not  currently  contribute  funds  intended  for  use  in  elections

to  tax-exempt  organizations  under  Section  501(c)(4)  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code,  as  disclosed  on  our

website.  If  such  a  contribution  were  made,  it  would  be  enumerated  in  AbbVie’s  reports  on  other  corporate

political  contributions.

•

AbbVie  discloses  trade  associations  to  which  AbbVie  provides  $50,000  or  more  in  annual  membership,  which

are  reviewed  by  the  Public  Policy  Committee.  This  threshold  was  lowered  in  2016  from  $100,000.  AbbVie

also  posts  a  list  of  global  trade  associations  in  which  an  AbbVie  employee  serves  on  the  organization’s  board

of  directors.  Both  of  these  lists  are  available  on  our  website.  AbbVie  chooses  to  participate  as  a  member  of

various  associations  based  on  our  commitment  to  voice  our  concerns  as  appropriate  through  our  colleagues

who  serve  on  the  boards  and  committees  of  these  groups.  Such  participation  does  not  imply  that  we  always

agree  with  the  positions  of  the  larger  organization  and/or  other  members.

•

AbbVie  also  provides  a  link  to  the  Federal  Election  Commission  reports  of  the  AbbVie  Political  Action

Committee  (‘‘PAC’’),  which  detail  the  PAC’s  political  contributions  and  expenditures.

•

Attempting  to  quantify  indirect  lobbying  would  be  difficult  to  estimate  and  potentially  misleading  to

stockholders  as  AbbVie  is  not  directing  the  lobbying  activities  of  trade,  civic  or  patient  groups.  Further,  it

would  be  difficult  for  us  to  determine  which  third  parties  may  endorse  model  legislation  and  whether  such

activities  fall  within  the  proposal’s  request.

In  summary,  our  robust  oversight  mechanisms  and  extensive  disclosures  address  the  concerns  underlying  the

proposal,  but  without  the  unnecessary  business  risks  and  additional  resources  the  proposal  would  introduce  if

implemented.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  AGAINST  the  proposal.

68

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

68

STOCKHOLDER  PROPOSALS

Stockholder  Proposal  to  Separate  Chair  and  CEO  (Item  8  on  Proxy  Card)
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Dana  Investment  Advisors  and  co-filer  Sisters  of  St.  Joseph  of  the  Third  Order  of  St.  Francis  have  notified  AbbVie

that  it  intends  to  present  the  following  proposal  at  the  Annual  Meeting  and  that  the  proponent  owns  42,170  AbbVie

shares.

RESOLVED:

The  shareholders  request  the  Board  of  Directors  to  adopt  as  policy,  and  amend  the  bylaws  as

necessary,  to  require  the  Chair  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  whenever  possible,  to  be  an  independent  member  of  the

Board.  This  policy  would  be  phased  in  for  the  next  CEO  transition.

If  the  Board  determines  that  a  Chair  who  was  independent  when  selected  is  no  longer  independent,  the  Board

shall  select  a  new  Chair  who  satisfies  the  requirements  of  the  policy  within  a  reasonable  amount  of  time.  Compliance

with  this  policy  is  waived  if  no  independent  director  is  available  and  willing  to  serve  as  Chair.

Supporting  Statement:

We  believe:

•

The  role  of  the  CEO  and  management  is  to  run  the  company.

•

The  role  of  the  Board  of  Directors  is  to  provide  independent  oversight  of  management  and  the  CEO.

•

There  is  a  potential  conflict  of  interest  for  a  CEO  to  be  her/his  own  overseer  as  Chair  while  managing  the

business.

AbbVie’s  CEO  Richard  A.  Gonzalez  serves  both  as  CEO  and  Chair  of  the  Company’s  Board  of  Directors.  We

believe  the  combination  of  these  two  roles  in  a  single  person  weakens  a  corporation’s  governance  structure,  which  can

harm  shareholder  value.

As  Andrew  Grove,  Intel’s  former  chair,  stated,  ‘‘The  separation  of  the  two  jobs  goes  to  the  heart  of  the

conception  of  a  corporation.  Is  a  company  a  sandbox  for  the  CEO,  or  is  the  CEO  an  employee?  If  he’s  an  employee,  he

needs  a  boss,  and  that  boss  is  the  Board.  The  Chairman  runs  the  Board.  How  can  the  CEO  be  his  own  boss?’’

In  our  view,  shareholders  are  best  served  by  an  independent  Board  Chair  who  can  provide  a  balance  of  power

between  the  CEO  and  the  Board  empowering  strong  Board  leadership.  The  primary  duty  of  a  Board  of  Directors  is  to

oversee  the  management  of  a  company  on  behalf  of  shareholders.  We  believe  a  combined  CEO/Chair  creates  a  potential

conflict  of  interest,  resulting  in  excessive  management  influence  on  the  Board  and  weaker  oversight  of  management.

Numerous  institutional  investors  recommend  separation  of  these  two  roles.  For  example,  California’s  Retirement

System  CalPERS’  Principles  &  Guidelines  encourage  separation,  even  with  a  lead  director  in  place.

Many  companies  have  separate  and/or  independent  Chairs.  An  independent  Chair  is  the  prevailing  practice  in

the  United  Kingdom  and  is  an  increasing  trend  in  the  U.S.  According  to  ISS  ‘‘2015  Board  Practices’’  (April  2015),  53%  of

S&P  1,500  firms  separate  these  two  positions  and  the  number  of  companies  separating  these  roles  is  growing.  AbbVie

shareholders  voted  34.5%  in  favor  of  this  resolution  last  year.

Chairing  and  overseeing  the  Board  is  a  time  intensive  responsibility.  A  separate  Chair  also  frees  the  CEO  to

manage  the  company  and  build  effective  business  strategies.

To  simplify  the  transition,  this  policy  would  be  phased  in  and  implemented  when  the  next  CEO  is  chosen.

69

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

69

STOCKHOLDER  PROPOSALS

Board  of  Directors  Statement  in  Opposition  to  the  Stockholder  Proposal  to  Separate  Chair  and  CEO

(Item  8  on  Proxy  Card)
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  stockholders  vote  AGAINST  this  proposal.

Our  board  of  directors  believes  that  our  stockholders  are  best  served  by  preserving  the  flexibility  to  determine  the

appropriate  leadership  structure  for  the  company  in  light  of  the  circumstances  at  the  time.

The  proposal  would  unnecessarily  restrict  the  board’s  ability  to  determine  the  leadership  structure  best  suited  to

AbbVie  and  our  stockholders  and  would  not  allow  the  board  to  consider  the  specific  circumstances  and  needs  of  AbbVie

at  a  particular  time.

Our  board  carefully  considers  the  independence  of  its  directors  and  committees,  the  availability  of  an  engaged

strong  lead  independent  director,  the  strategic  plan,  and  the  leadership  of  the  CEO.  It  is  important  that  our  board

continue  to  be  able  to  assess  these  relevant  factors,  in  fulfillment  of  its  fiduciary  duty,  to  determine  the  leadership

structure  best  suited  to  meet  the  needs  of  AbbVie.  Further,  our  board  is  committed  to  periodically  reviewing  the  board’s

leadership  structure.

AbbVie’s  existing  leadership  structure  and  corporate  governance  practices  provide  strong  independent  oversight.

Since  its  inception  in  2013,  AbbVie  has  had  a  robust  lead  independent  director  role.  The  lead  independent

director  is  chosen  by  and  from  the  independent  members  of  the  full  board  of  directors  and  has  significant  authority  and

responsibilities  to  ensure  meaningful  independent  leadership  of  the  board.  Among  other  duties,  our  lead  independent

director:

•

facilitates  communication  with  the  board  and  presides  over  regularly  conducted  executive  sessions  of  the

independent  directors  or  sessions  where  the  chairman  of  the  board  is  not  present;

•

reviews  and  approves  matters,  such  as  agenda  items,  schedule  sufficiency,  and,  where  appropriate,

information  provided  to  other  board  members;

•

serves  as  the  liaison  between  the  chairman  of  the  board  and  the  independent  directors;

•

has  the  authority  to  call  meetings  of  the  independent  directors;

•

if  requested  by  major  stockholders,  ensures  that  he  or  she  is  available  for  consultation  and  direct

communication  as  needed;  and

•

performs  such  other  duties  as  the  board  may  determine  from  time  to  time.

All  directors,  other  than  the  CEO,  are  independent.  All  key  committees  and  committee  chairs  are  comprised

completely  of  independent  directors.  Our  independent  directors  meet  regularly  in  executive  session,  which  is  presided

over  by  the  lead  director,  as  set  forth  in  our  Governance  Guidelines  available  on  our  website.  Our  directors  are  also

subject  to  majority  voting  as  set  forth  in  our  By-Laws.

The  board  carefully  considers  AbbVie’s  leadership  structure  and  has  determined  that  the  existing  leadership  structure

best  serves  the  needs  of  the  company  and  its  stockholders  at  this  time.

In  light  of  the  lead  independent  director  authority  and  responsibilities  and  other  corporate  governance  practices

outlined  above,  the  board  has  determined  that  its  current  leadership  structure,  in  which  the  offices  of  chairman  of  the

board  and  chief  executive  officer  are  held  by  one  individual  and  the  chair  of  the  nominations  and  governance  committee

serves  as  the  lead  director,  ensures  that  the  appropriate  level  of  oversight,  independence,  and  responsibility  is  applied  to

all  board  decisions,  including  risk  oversight,  and  is  in  the  best  interests  of  AbbVie  and  its  stockholders.

70

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

70

STOCKHOLDER  PROPOSALS

In  summary,  the  proposal  would  unnecessarily  restrict  the  independent  board  members’  flexibility,  regardless  of

circumstances,  to  appoint  the  individual  they  think  is  the  most  appropriate  person  to  serve  as  Chair,  even  with  a

balanced,  strong  lead  independent  director  structure.  These  undue  restrictions  on  the  board,  in  light  of  AbbVie’s  robust

independent  oversight  mechanisms,  are  not  in  the  best  interests  of  stockholders.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  AGAINST  the  proposal.

Stockholder  Proposal  on  Compensation  Committee  Report  on  Drug  Pricing  (Item  9  on  Proxy  Card)
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  United  Church  Funds,  and  co-filers,  including  Mercy  Health,  Mercy  Investment  Services,  Inc.,  Religious  of  the

Sacred  Heart  of  Mary,  Sisters  of  Providence,  Mother  Joseph  Providence,  Sisters  of  St.  Francis  of  Philadelphia,  Sisters  of

St.  Joseph  of  Orange,  Trinity  Health,  UAW  Retiree  Medical  Benefits  Trust,  and  Zevin  Asset  Management,  LLC  on  behalf  of

Claire  L  Bateman  1991  Trust,  have  notified  AbbVie  that  they  intend  to  present  the  following  proposal  at  the  Annual

Meeting  and  that  they  collectively  own  approximately  290,857  AbbVie  shares.

RESOLVED,  that  shareholders  of  AbbVie  Inc.  (‘‘AbbVie’’)  urge  the  Compensation  Committee  (the  ‘‘Committee’’)  to

report  annually  to  shareholders  on  the  extent  to  which  risks  related  to  public  concern  over  drug  pricing  strategies  are

integrated  into  AbbVie’s  incentive  compensation  policies,  plans  and  programs  (together,  ‘‘arrangements’’)  for  senior

executives.  The  report  should  include,  but  need  not  be  limited  to,  discussion  of  whether  incentive  compensation

arrangements  reward,  or  not  penalize,  senior  executives  for  (i)  adopting  pricing  strategies,  or  making  and  honoring

commitments  about  pricing,  that  incorporate  public  concern  regarding  the  level  or  rate  of  increase  in  prescription  drug

prices;  and  (ii)  considering  risks  related  to  drug  pricing  when  allocating  capital.

SUPPORTING  STATEMENT

As  long-term  investors,  we  believe  that  senior  executive  incentive  compensation  arrangements  should  reward  the

creation  of  sustainable  long-term  value.  To  that  end,  it  is  important  that  those  arrangements  align  with  company  strategy

and  encourage  responsible  risk  management.

A  key  risk  facing  pharmaceutical  companies  is  potential  backlash  against  high  drug  prices.  Public  outrage  over

high  prices  and  their  impact  on  patient  access  may  force  price  rollbacks  and  harm  corporate  reputation.  Legislative  or

regulatory  investigations  regarding  pricing  of  prescription  medicines  may  bring  about  broader  changes,  with  some

favoring  allowing  Medicare  to  bargain  over  drug  prices.  (E.g.,  https://democrats-oversight.house.gov/news/press-releases/

cummings-and-welch-launch-investigation-of-drug-companies-skyrocketing-prices;  https://democrats-oversight.house.gov/

news/press-releases/cummings-and-welch-propose-medicare-drug  negotiation-bill-in-meeting-with)

We  applaud  AbbVie  for  committing  not  to  increase  prices  by  more  than  10%.  We  are  concerned,  however,  that

the  incentive  compensation  arrangements  applicable  to  AbbVie’s  senior  executives  may  undermine  that  commitment.  A

September  2017  analyst  report  stated  that  AbbVie  was  considering  revisiting  the  pricing  pledge,  which  the  report

suggested  could  improve  sales  of  Humira.  (http://www.fiercepharma.com/pharma/abbvie-thinks-humira-

biosims-are-years-off-eyes-20b-sales-for-key-med-report)  AbbVie  later  promised  to  adhere  to  the  pledge  through  2018.

(http://www.fiercepharma.com/pharma/abbvie-sticks-pricing-pledge-denies-reports)

AbbVie  uses  net  revenue,  income  before  taxes  and  Humira  sales  as  metrics  for  the  annual  bonus  and  earnings

per  share  (EPS)  as  a  metric  for  certain  long-term  incentive  awards  to  senior  executives.  (2017  Proxy  Statement,  at  35)  A

recent  Credit  Suisse  analyst  report  stated  that  ‘‘US  drug  price  rises  contributed  100%  of  industry  EPS  growth  in  2016’’

and  characterized  that  fact  as  ‘‘the  most  important  issue  for  a  Pharma  investor  today.’’  The  report  identified  AbbVie  as  a

company  where  price  increases  accounted  for  at  least  100%  of  EPS  growth  in  2016.  (Global  Pharma  and  Biotech  Sector

Review:  Exploring  Future  US  Pricing  Pressure,  Apr.  18,  2017,  at  1)

In  our  view,  excessive  dependence  on  drug  price  increases  is  a  risky  and  unsustainable  strategy,  especially  when

price  hikes  drive  large  senior  executive  payouts.  For  example,  media  coverage  of  the  skyrocketing  cost  of  Mylan’s  EpiPen

noted  that  a  600%  rise  in  Mylan’s  CEO’s  total  compensation  accompanied  the  400%  EpiPen  price  increase.

71

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

71

STOCKHOLDER  PROPOSALS

(See,  e.g.,  https://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/mylan-execs-gave-themselves-raises-they-hiked-epipen-prices-

n636591;  https://www.wsj.com/articles/epipen-maker-dispenses-outsize-pay-1473786288;  https://www.  marketwatch.com/

story/mylan-top-executive-pay-was-second-highest-in-industry-just-as-company-raised-epipen-prices-2016-09-13)

The  disclosure  we  request  would  allow  shareholders  to  better  assess  the  extent  to  which  compensation

arrangements  encourage  senior  executives  to  responsibly  manage  risks  relating  to  drug  pricing  and  contribute  to

long-term  value  creation.  We  urge  shareholders  to  vote  for  this  Proposal.

Board  of  Directors  Statement  in  Opposition  to  the  Stockholder  Proposal  on  Compensation  Committee

Report  on  Drug  Pricing  (Item  9  on  Proxy  Card)
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  stockholders  vote  AGAINST  this  proposal.  AbbVie  has  demonstrated  a

commitment  to  both  balanced,  appropriate  executive  compensation  programs  and  to  responsible  drug  pricing.  The

preparation  and  maintenance  of  the  proposed  report  would  not  provide  meaningful  information  to  stockholders,  would

not  be  a  good  use  of  AbbVie’s  resources,  and  is  unnecessary.

AbbVie’s  compensation  programs  effectively  account  for  responsible  risk  management.

In  collaboration  with  the  compensation  committee’s  independent  compensation  consultant,  AbbVie  conducts  an

annual  in-depth  compensation  risk  assessment  with  respect  to  its  compensation  policies  and  practices.  The  results  of  this

assessment,  including  the  major  factors  used  to  arrive  at  the  results,  are  already  published  in  this  Proxy  Statement.  This

comprehensive  risk  assessment  appropriately  evaluates  AbbVie’s  compensation  risk  exposure  and  its  potential  impact  on

compensation  outcomes,  resulting  in  compensation  decisions  that  are  aligned  with  creating  stockholder  value  and

improving  company  performance  without  undue  risk-taking.  A  report  specifically  focused  only  on  drug  pricing  risk  would

be  redundant  to,  and  much  less  meaningful  than,  the  broader  compensation  risk  assessment  already  conducted  by

AbbVie.

Executive  officers  are  evaluated  based  on  quantitative  financial  metrics  and  qualitative  factors,  such  as  individual,

strategic  and  leadership  achievements,  as  well  as  relative  accomplishments  and/or  developments  in  the  company  and  the

marketplace.  The  use  of  both  quantitative  and  qualitative  metrics  effectively  mitigate  the  impact  of  a  single  risk,  such  as

dependence  on  drug  pricing,  on  overall  compensation.

Further,  AbbVie’s  current  compensation  policies  and  practices  provide  the  compensation  committee,  comprised

entirely  of  independent  directors,  with  the  authority  to  exercise  discretion  to  adjust  incentive  payments,  if  needed.

AbbVie  is  committed  to  responsible  drug  pricing.

AbbVie  evaluates  specific  pricing  decisions  on  an  annual  basis  with  careful  consideration  of  a  variety  of  factors.

As  previously  disclosed,  AbbVie  will  take  one  single  digit  price  increase  in  2018  and  will  continue  to  act  responsibly  with

respect  to  drug  pricing.  Indeed,  the  proponents  acknowledge  and  ‘‘applaud’’  AbbVie’s  commitment  not  to  increase  prices

by  more  than  10%.

AbbVie’s  strategy  is  to  develop  innovative  therapies  that  could  have  a  significant  impact  on  patients.  Our  strategy

does  not  rely  on  price  increases.  Since  the  company’s  inception,  AbbVie  has  launched  more  than  15  new  products  or

indications  across  key  therapeutic  areas  and  has  developed  one  of  the  strongest  late-stage  pipelines  in  the  industry  with

several  programs  positioned  for  market  leadership.

In  summary,  with  our  responsible  compensation  program  design,  existing  compensation  risk  assessment,

responsible  drug  pricing  and  other  practices,  the  proposal  would  not  provide  meaningful  information  to  stockholders,

would  not  be  a  good  use  of  AbbVie  resources,  and  is  unnecessary.

The  board  of  directors  recommends  that  you  vote  AGAINST  this  proposal.

72

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

72

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

24FEB201823061064

Corporate  Governance  Materials
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie’s  corporate  governance  guidelines  with  the  outline  of  directorship  qualifications;  director  independence

guidelines;  code  of  business  conduct;  and  audit  committee,  compensation  committee,  nominations  and  governance

committee,  and  public  policy  committee  charters  are  all  available  in  the  corporate  governance  section  of  AbbVie’s

investor  relations  website  at  www.abbvieinvestor.com.

Procedures  for  Approval  of  Related  Person  Transactions
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

It  is  AbbVie’s  policy  that  the  nominations  and  governance  committee  review,  approve,  ratify  or  disapprove  of  all

transactions  in  which  AbbVie  participates  and  in  which  any  related  person  has  a  direct  or  indirect  material  interest  if

such  transaction  involves  or  is  expected  to  involve  payments  of  $120,000  or  more  in  the  aggregate  per  fiscal  year.

Related  person  transactions  requiring  review  by  the  nominations  and  governance  committee  pursuant  to  this  policy  are

identified  in:

•

questionnaires  annually  distributed  to  AbbVie’s  directors  and  executive  officers;

•

certifications  submitted  annually  by  AbbVie  executive  officers  related  to  their  compliance  with  AbbVie’s  Code

of  Business  Conduct;  or

•

communications  made  directly  by  the  related  person  to  the  chief  financial  officer  or  general  counsel.

In  determining  whether  to  approve  or  ratify  a  related  person  transaction,  the  nominations  and  governance

committee  will  consider  the  following  items,  among  others:

•

the  related  person’s  relationship  to  AbbVie  and  interest  in  the  transaction;

•

the  material  facts  of  the  transaction,  including  the  aggregate  value  of  such  transaction  or,  in  the  case  of

indebtedness,  the  amount  of  principal  involved;

•

the  benefits  to  AbbVie  of  the  transaction;

•

if  applicable,  the  availability  of  other  sources  of  comparable  products  or  services;

•

an  assessment  of  whether  the  transaction  is  on  terms  that  are  comparable  to  the  terms  available  to  an

unrelated  third  party  or  to  employees  generally;

• whether  a  transaction  has  the  potential  to  impair  director  independence;  and

• whether  the  transaction  constitutes  a  conflict  of  interest.

This  process  is  included  in  the  nominations  and  governance  committee’s  written  charter,  which  is  available  on

the  corporate  governance  section  of  AbbVie’s  investor  relations  website  at  www.abbvieinvestor.com.

73

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

73

ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION

Section  16(a)  Beneficial  Ownership  Reporting  Compliance
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  believes  that  during  2017  its  executive  officers  and  directors  timely  complied  with  all  filing  requirements

under  Section  16(a)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934.

Performance-Based  Compensation  Arrangements
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  Performance  Incentive  Plan  and  the  Incentive  Stock  Program  are  intended  to  comply  with  Internal  Revenue

Code  Section  162(m)  to  permit  deductibility  of  performance-based  compensation  with  respect  to  awards  granted  before

November  2017.  In  connection  with  such  awards,  the  compensation  committee  expects  to  take  appropriate  steps  to

preserve  deductibility,  but  has  the  flexibility  to  take  actions  that  may  be  based  on  considerations  in  addition  to  tax

deductibility.  The  committee  believes  that  stockholder  interests  are  best  served  by  not  restricting  the  committee’s

discretion  and  flexibility  in  crafting  compensation  programs,  even  if  such  programs  may  result  in  certain  non-deductible

compensation  expenses.  Accordingly,  the  committee  may  approve  components  of  compensation  for  certain  executive

officers  that  are  not  deductible.

As  described  in  other  sections  of  this  proxy  statement,  the  company’s  compensation  programs  are  designed  to

align  executive  officer  pay  with  the  performance  of  the  company  and  the  executive  officers.  The  elimination  of  the

performance-based  compensation  deduction  under  Code  Section  162(m)  has  not  altered  the  commitment  of  the

company  and  the  compensation  committee  to  performance-based  compensation  principles.

While  the  compensation  committee  does  not  anticipate  there  would  ever  be  circumstances  where  a  restatement

of  earnings  upon  which  any  incentive  plan  award  decisions  were  based  would  occur,  the  committee,  in  evaluating  such

circumstances,  has  discretion  to  take  all  actions  necessary  to  protect  the  interests  of  stockholders  up  to  and  including

actions  to  recover  such  incentive  awards.

Exclusive  Forum
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  is  incorporated  in  the  state  of  Delaware  and  Delaware  law  governs  the  relationship  among  its  directors,

officers,  and  stockholders  (also  known  as  the  internal  affairs  doctrine).  To  provide  for  the  orderly,  efficient  and

cost-effective  resolution  of  Delaware-law  issues  affecting  AbbVie,  the  company’s  Certificate  of  Incorporation  provides  that

unless  the  board  of  directors  otherwise  determines,  Delaware  courts  are  the  exclusive  forum  for  cases  involving  the

internal  affairs  doctrine,  derivative  actions  brought  on  behalf  of  the  company,  claims  for  breach  of  fiduciary  duty,  and

other  matters  concerning  Delaware  statutory  and  common  law.  The  provision  does  not  apply  to  any  other  cases  brought

against  AbbVie.

Other  Matters
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  board  of  directors  knows  of  no  other  business  to  be  transacted  at  the  2018  Annual  Meeting  of

Stockholders,  but  if  any  other  matters  do  come  before  the  meeting,  it  is  the  intention  of  the  persons  named  in  the

accompanying  proxy  to  vote  or  act  with  respect  to  them  in  accordance  with  their  best  judgment.

Date  for  Receipt  of  Stockholder  Proposals  for  the  2019  Annual  Meeting  Proxy  Statement
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Stockholder  proposals  for  presentation  at  the  2019  Annual  Meeting  must  be  received  by  AbbVie  no  later  than

November  20,  2018  and  must  otherwise  comply  with  the  applicable  requirements  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange

Commission  to  be  considered  for  inclusion  in  the  proxy  statement  and  proxy  for  the  2019  meeting.

74

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

74

ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION

Procedure  for  Recommendation  and  Nomination  of  Directors  and  Transaction  of  Business  at  Annual

Meeting
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

A  stockholder  may  recommend  persons  as  potential  nominees  for  director  by  submitting  the  names  of  such

persons  in  writing  to  the  secretary  of  AbbVie.  Recommendations  must  be  accompanied  by  certain  information  about

both  the  nominee  and  the  stockholder  making  the  nomination,  as  set  forth  in  AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws.

A  nominee  who  is  recommended  by  a  stockholder  following  these  procedures  will  receive  the  same  consideration  as

other  comparably  qualified  nominees.

A  stockholder  entitled  to  vote  for  the  election  of  directors  at  an  Annual  Meeting  and  who  is  a  stockholder  of

record  on:

•

the  record  date  for  that  Annual  Meeting,

•

the  date  of  this  proxy  statement,  and

•

the  date  of  the  Annual  Meeting

may  nominate  persons  for  director,  or  make  proposals  of  other  business  to  be  brought  before  the  Annual  Meeting,  by

providing  proper  timely  written  notice  to  the  secretary  of  AbbVie.  That  notice  must  include  certain  information  required

by  Article  II  of  AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws,  including  information  about  the  stockholder,  any  beneficial

owner  on  whose  behalf  the  nomination  or  proposal  is  being  made,  their  respective  affiliates  or  associates  or  others

acting  in  concert  with  them,  and  any  proposed  director  nominee.

For  each  matter  the  stockholder  proposes  to  bring  before  the  Annual  Meeting,  the  notice  must  also  include  a

brief  description  of  the  business  to  be  discussed,  the  reasons  for  conducting  such  business  at  the  Annual  Meeting,  any

material  interest  of  the  stockholder  in  such  business  and  certain  other  information  specified  in  the  By-Laws.  In  addition,

in  the  case  of  a  director  nomination,  the  notice  must  include  a  completed  and  signed  questionnaire,  representation  and

agreement  of  the  nominee  addressing  matters  specified  in  the  By-Laws.

To  be  timely,  written  notice  either  to  directly  nominate  persons  for  director  or  to  bring  business  properly  before

the  Annual  Meeting  must  be  received  at  AbbVie’s  principal  executive  offices  not  less  than  ninety  days  and  not  more  than

one  hundred  twenty  days  prior  to  the  anniversary  date  of  the  preceding  Annual  Meeting.  If  the  Annual  Meeting  is  called

for  a  date  that  is  more  than  thirty  days  before  or  sixty  days  after  such  anniversary  date,  notice  by  the  stockholder  must

be  received  not  less  than  ninety  days  and  not  more  than  one  hundred  twenty  days  prior  to  the  date  of  such  Annual

Meeting  and  not  later  than  the  close  of  business  on  the  later  of  ninety  days  prior  to  the  date  of  such  Annual  Meeting,

or,  if  the  first  public  announcement  of  the  date  of  such  Annual  Meeting  is  less  than  one  hundred  days  prior  to  the  date

of  such  Annual  Meeting,  the  tenth  day  following  the  day  on  which  public  announcement  of  the  date  of  such  meeting  is

first  made  by  AbbVie.  To  be  timely  for  the  2019  Annual  Meeting,  this  written  notice  must  be  received  by  AbbVie  no  later

than  February  4,  2019.

In  addition,  the  notice  must  be  updated  and  supplemented,  if  necessary,  so  that  the  information  provided  or

required  to  be  provided  is  true  and  correct  as  of  the  record  date  for  the  Annual  Meeting  and  as  of  the  date  that  is  ten

business  days  prior  to  the  meeting.  Any  such  update  or  supplement  must  be  delivered  to  the  secretary  of  AbbVie  at

AbbVie’s  principal  executive  offices  not  more  than  five  business  days  after  the  record  date  for  the  Annual  Meeting,  and

not  less  than  eight  business  days  before  the  date  of  the  Annual  Meeting  in  the  case  of  any  update  or  supplement

required  to  be  made  as  of  ten  business  days  prior  to  the  Annual  Meeting.

Procedure  for  Stockholder  Nominations  to  be  Included  in  AbbVie’s  Proxy  Materials
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

AbbVie  recently  adopted  a  proxy  access  By-Law  provision  to  permit  a  stockholder,  or  a  group  of  up  to  20

stockholders,  continuously  owning  shares  of  our  company  for  at  least  3  years  and  representing  an  aggregate  of  at  least

3%  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  common  stock,  to  nominate  and  include  in  our  proxy  materials  director  nominee(s)

75

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

75

ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION

constituting  up  to  25%  of  the  total  number  of  the  directors  in  office,  provided  that  the  stockholder(s)  and  the

nominee(s)  satisfy  the  requirements  in  our  By-Laws.  Notice  must  include  certain  information  required  by  Article  II  of

AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws.  To  be  timely,  written  notice  must  be  received  at  AbbVie’s  principal  executive

offices  not  earlier  than  150  days  and  not  later  than  120  days  before  the  anniversary  of  the  date  that  the  company

mailed  its  proxy  statement  for  the  prior  year’s  annual  meeting  of  stockholders.  To  be  timely  for  the  2019  Annual

Meeting,  this  written  notice  must  be  received  by  AbbVie  no  later  than  November  20,  2018  and  must  include  the  specific

information  required  by,  and  otherwise  comply  with  the  requirements  of,  our  By-Laws.

Householding  of  Proxy  Materials
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

The  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  has  adopted  rules  that  permit  companies  and  intermediaries  (such  as

brokers  or  banks)  to  satisfy  the  delivery  requirements  for  proxy  statements  with  respect  to  two  or  more  security  holders

sharing  the  same  address  by  delivering  a  single  Notice  or  proxy  statement  addressed  to  those  security  holders.  This

process,  which  is  commonly  referred  to  as  ‘‘householding,’’  potentially  provides  extra  convenience  for  security  holders

and  cost  savings  for  companies.

Several  brokers  and  banks  with  accountholders  who  are  AbbVie  stockholders  will  be  ‘‘householding’’  our  proxy

materials.  As  indicated  in  the  notice  provided  by  these  brokers  to  AbbVie  stockholders,  a  single  proxy  statement  will  be

delivered  to  multiple  stockholders  sharing  an  address  unless  contrary  instructions  have  been  received  from  an  affected

stockholder.  Once  you  have  received  notice  from  your  broker  that  it  will  be  ‘‘householding’’  communications  to  your

address,  ‘‘householding’’  will  continue  until  you  are  notified  otherwise  or  until  you  revoke  your  consent.  If,  at  any  time,

you  no  longer  wish  to  participate  in  ‘‘householding’’  and  you  prefer  to  receive  a  separate  proxy  statement,  please  notify

your  broker,  or  contact  Broadridge  Financial  Solutions  at  1-866-540-7095,  or  write  to  us  at  Investor  Relations,  AbbVie  Inc.,

1  North  Waukegan  Road,  North  Chicago,  Illinois  60064.  Stockholders  who  currently  receive  multiple  copies  of  the  proxy

statement  at  their  address  and  would  like  to  request  ‘‘householding’’  of  their  communications  should  contact  their

broker  or  bank.

Cautionary  Statement  Regarding  Forward-Looking  Statements
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

This  proxy  statement  contains  certain  forward-looking  statements  regarding  business  strategies,  market  potential,

future  financial  performance  and  other  matters.  The  words  ‘‘believe,’’  ‘‘expect,’’  ‘‘anticipate,’’  ‘‘project’’  and  similar

expressions,  among  others,  generally  identify  ‘‘forward-looking  statements,’’  which  speak  only  as  of  the  date  the

statements  were  made.  The  matters  discussed  in  these  forward-looking  statements  are  subject  to  risks,  uncertainties  and

other  factors  that  may  cause  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  projected,  anticipated  or  implied  in  the

forward-looking  statements.  Where,  in  any  forward-looking  statement,  an  expectation  or  belief  as  to  future  results  or

events  is  expressed,  such  expectation  or  belief  is  based  on  the  current  plans  and  expectations  of  AbbVie  management

and  expressed  in  good  faith  and  believed  to  have  a  reasonable  basis,  but  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  the  expectation

or  belief  will  result  or  be  achieved  or  accomplished.  Factors  that  could  cause  actual  results  or  events  to  differ  materially

from  those  anticipated  include  the  matters  described  in  AbbVie’s  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended

December  31,  2017  under  Item  1A,  ‘‘Risk  Factors’’  and  Item  7,  ‘‘Management’s  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial

Condition  and  Results  of  Operations.’’  AbbVie  does  not  undertake  any  obligation  to  update  the  forward-looking

statements  included  in  this  proxy  statement  to  reflect  events  or  circumstances  after  the  date  hereof,  unless  AbbVie  is

required  by  applicable  securities  law  to  do  so.

General
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

It  is  important  that  proxies  be  returned  promptly.  Stockholders  are  urged  to  vote,  regardless  of  the  number  of

shares  of  AbbVie  common  stock  owned.  Stockholders  may  vote  by  telephone,  by  Internet,  or  by  mail  if  a  printed  version

of  the  proxy  card  was  received  or  requested.  Stockholders  who  vote  by  telephone  or  the  Internet  do  not  need  to  return

a  proxy  card.

76

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

76

The  Annual  Meeting  will  be  held  at  the  Fairmont  Chicago,  Millennium  Park,  200  North  Columbus  Drive,  Chicago,

Illinois  60601.  Admission  to  the  meeting  will  be  by  admission  card  only.  A  stockholder  planning  to  attend  the  meeting

should  promptly  complete  and  return  the  reservation  form.  Reservation  forms  must  be  received  before  April  27,  2018.

An  admission  card  admits  only  one  person.  A  stockholder  may  request  two  admission  cards,  but  a  guest  must  be

accompanied  by  a  stockholder.

ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION

By  order  of  the  board  of  directors.

LAURA  J.  SCHUMACHER

SECRETARY

77

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

77

Appendix  A

Proposed  Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  AbbVie  Inc.

The  text  of  the  proposed  amendment  is  marked  to  reflect  the  proposed  changes.

AbbVie  Inc.,  a  corporation  organized  and  existing  under  and  by  virtue  of  the  General  Corporation  Law  of  the

State  of  Delaware  (the  ‘‘Corporation’’),  does  hereby  certify:

1.

Sections  2,  3,  and  4  of  Article  VI  of  AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  are  amended  to

read  as  follows:

Section  2.  Classes  of  Directors.  Subject  to  the  rights  of  the  holders  of  any  series  of  Preferred  Stock  to  elect

directors  under  specified  circumstances,  the  directors  shall,  until  the  annual  meeting  of  stockholders  to  be  held  in

2021,  be  divided,  with  respect  to  the  time  for  which  they  severally  hold  office,  into  three  classes,  as  nearly  equal  in

number  as  is  reasonably  possible.  ,  with  tThe  term  of  office  of  the  class  of  directors  elected  at  the  annual  meeting

of  stockholders  in  2018  shall first  class  to  expire  at  the  202113  annual  meeting  of  stockholders,  the  term  of  office  of

the  class  of  directors  elected  at  the  annual  meeting  of  stockholders  held  in  2019  shall second  class  to  expire  at  the

202014  annual  meeting  of  stockholders  and  the  term  of  office  of  the  third  class  to class  of  directors  elected  at  the

annual  meeting  of  stockholders  held  in  2020  shall  expire  at  the  202115  annual  meeting  of  stockholders,  with  each

director  to  hold  office  until  his  or  her  successor  shall  have  been  duly  elected  and  qualified.  At  each  annual  meeting

of  stockholders,  commencing  with  the  20193  annual  meeting,  (a)  directors  elected  to  succeed  those  directors  whose

terms  then  expire  shall  be  elected  for  a  term  of  office  to  expire  at  the  third  succeeding  annual  meeting  of

stockholders  held  in  the  year  following  the  year  of after  their  election,  with  each  director  to  hold  office  until  his  or

her  successor  shall  have  been  duly  elected  and  qualified,  and  (b)  if  authorized  by  a  resolution  of  the  Board  of

Directors,  directors  may  be  elected  to  fill  any  vacancy  on  the  Board  of  Directors,  regardless  of  how  such  vacancy

shall  have  been  created.

Section  3.  Vacancies.  Subject  to  applicable  law  and  the  rights  of  the  holders  of  any  series  of  Preferred  Stock

with  respect  to  such  series  of  Preferred  Stock,  and  unless  the  Board  of  Directors  otherwise  determines,  vacancies

resulting  from  death,  resignation,  retirement,  disqualification,  removal  from  office  or  other  cause,  and  newly  created

directorships  resulting  from  any  increase  in  the  authorized  number  of  directors,  may  be  filled  only  by  the  affirmative

vote  of  a  majority  of  the  remaining  directors,  though  less  than  a  quorum  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  and  in  the  event

that  there  is  only  one  director  remaining  in  office,  by  such  sole  remaining  director,  and  directors  so  chosen  shall

hold  office  for  a  term  expiring  at  the  annual  meeting  of  stockholders  at  which  the  term  of  office  of  the  class  to

which  they  have  been  appointed  expires  and  until  such  director’s  successor  shall  have  been  duly  elected  and

qualified  and,  if  the  Board  of  Directors  at  such  time  is  classified,  for  a  term  expiring  at  the  annual  meeting  of

stockholders  at  which  the  term  of  office  of  the  class  to  which  such  director  has  been  appointed  expires.

Section  4.  Removal.  Except  as  provided  in  the  subsequent  sentence  and  subject  to  the  rights  of  the  holders

of  any  series  of  Preferred  Stock  with  respect  to  such  series  of  Preferred  Stock,  any  director,  or  the  entire  Board  of

Directors,  may  be  removed  from  office  at  any  time,  with  or  without  cause  by  the  affirmative  vote  of  the  holders  of

at  least  a  majority  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of  the  Corporation  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the

election  of  directors.  Notwithstanding  the  immediately  preceding  sentence,  subject  to  the  rights  of  the  holders  of

any  series  of  Preferred  Stock  with  respect  to  such  series  of  Preferred  Stock,  until  the  2021  annual  meeting  of  the

stockholders,  a  director  may  be  removed  from  office  only  for  cause  by  the  affirmative  vote  of  the  holders  of  at  least

a  majority  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of  the  Corporation  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of

directorsSubject  to  the  rights  of  the  holders  of  any  series  of  Preferred  Stock  with  respect  to  such  series  of  Preferred

Stock,  any  director,  or  the  entire  Board  of  Directors,  may  be  removed  from  office  at  any  time  but  only  for  cause  by

the  affirmative  vote  of  the  holders  of  at  least  a  majority  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of  the

Corporation  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors.

2.

The  foregoing  amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the  Corporation  was  duly

adopted  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  242  of  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law.

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Corporation  has  caused  this  Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated

Certificate  of  Incorporation  to  be  executed  by  the  undersigned  officer,  duly  authorized,  as  of  the 

  day  of

  2018.

AbbVie  Inc.

By:

Name:

Title:

A-1 13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

A-1

Appendix  B

Proposed  Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  AbbVie  Inc.

The  text  of  the  proposed  amendment  is  marked  to  reflect  the  proposed  changes.

AbbVie  Inc.,  a  corporation  organized  and  existing  under  and  by  virtue  of  the  General  Corporation  Law  of  the

State  of  Delaware  (the  ‘‘Corporation’’),  does  hereby  certify:

1. Articles  VIII  and  XI  of  AbbVie’s  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  are  amended  to  read  as  follows:

ARTICLE  VIII

AMENDMENTS  TO  BY-LAWS

In  furtherance  and  not  in  limitation  of  the  powers  conferred  by  the  laws  of  the  State  of  Delaware,  the  By-laws

of  the  Corporation  (the  ‘‘By-laws’’)  may  be  altered,  amended  or  repealed,  in  whole  or  in  part,  and  new  By-laws  may  be

adopted,  (i)  by  the  affirmative  vote  of  shares  representing  a  majority  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of  the

Corporation  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors;  provided,  however,  that  any  proposed  alteration,

amendment  or  repeal  of,  or  the  adoption  of  any  By-law  inconsistent  with,  Sections  2.2,  2.12,  3.2,  3.3,  3.10  or  3.11,

Article  VII  or  Article  X  of  the  By-laws  (in  each  case,  as  in  effect  on  the  date  hereof),  or  the  alteration,  amendment  or

repeal  of,  or  the  adoption  of  any  provision  inconsistent  with  this  sentence,  may  only  be  made  by  the  affirmative  vote  of

shares  representing  not  less  than  eighty  percent  (80%)  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of  the  Corporation

entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors;  and  provided further,  however,  that  in  the  case  of  any  such

stockholder  action  at  a  meeting  of  stockholders,  notice  of  the  proposed  alteration,  amendment,  repeal  or  adoption  of

the  new  By-law  or  By-laws  must  be  contained  in  the  notice  of  such  meeting,  or  (ii)  by  action  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of

the  Corporation;  provided,  however,  that  the  case  of  any  such  action  at  a  meeting  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  notice  of

the  proposed  alteration,  amendment,  repeal  or  adoption  of  the  new  By-law  or  By-laws  must  be  given  not  less  than  two

days  prior  to  the  meeting.

*  *  *

ARTICLE  XI

AMENDMENTS

The  Corporation  reserves  the  right  to  amend,  alter  or  repeal  any  provision  contained  in  this  Amended  and

Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  in  the  manner  now  or  hereafter  prescribed  by  statute,  and  all  rights  conferred  upon

stockholders  herein  are  subject  to  this  reservation. In  furtherance  and  not  in  limitation  of  the  powers  conferred  by  the

laws  of  the  State  of  Delaware  as  they  presently  exist  or  may  hereafter  be  amended,  subject  to  any  limitations  contained

elsewhere  in  this  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  the  Corporation  may  from  time  to  time  adopt,

amend  or  repeal  any  provisions  of  this  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation;  provided,  however,  that  any

proposed  alteration,  amendment  or  repeal  of,  or  the  adoption  of  any  provision  inconsistent  with,  Article  VI  and

Article  VII  of  this  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  (in  each  case,  as  in  effect  on  the  date  hereof),  or

the  alteration,  amendment  or  repeal  of,  or  the  adoption  of  any  provision  inconsistent  with  this  sentence,  may  only  be

made  by  the  affirmative  vote  of  shares  representing  not  less  than  eighty  percent  (80%)  of  the  outstanding  shares  of

capital  stock  of  the  Corporation  entitled  to  vote  generally  in  the  election  of  directors.

2.

The  foregoing  amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the  Corporation  was  duly

adopted  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  242  of  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law.

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Corporation  has  caused  this  Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated

Certificate  of  Incorporation  to  be  executed  by  the  undersigned  officer,  duly  authorized,  as  of  the 

  day  of

  2018.

AbbVie  Inc.

By:

Name:

Title:

B-1

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

B-1

Appendix  C

Reconciliation  of  GAAP  Reported  to  Non-GAAP  Adjusted  Information

AbbVie  Inc.

Year  Ended  December  31,  2017

(Unaudited)  (In  millions,  except  per  share  data)

Non-GAAP  Financial  Results

Financial  results  are  presented  on  both  a  reported  and  a  non-GAAP  basis.  Reported  results  were  prepared  in  accordance

with  GAAP  and  include  all  revenues  and  expenses  recognized  during  the  period.  Non-GAAP  results  adjust  for  certain

non-cash  items  and  for  factors  that  are  unusual  or  unpredictable,  and  exclude  those  costs,  expenses,  and  other  specified

items.  AbbVie’s  management  believes  non-GAAP  financial  measures  provide  useful  information  to  investors  regarding

AbbVie’s  results  of  operations  and  assist  management,  analysts,  and  investors  in  evaluating  the  performance  of  the

business.  Non-GAAP  financial  measures  should  be  considered  in  addition  to,  and  not  as  a  substitute  for,  measures  of

financial  performance  prepared  in  accordance  with  GAAP.

Business  Performance  Highlights  Reconciliations

1. Net  Revenues  since  2013  Inception  and  Compound  Annual  Growth  Rate

As  reported  (GAAP)

$28,216

$25,638

$22,859

$19,960

$18,790

10.7%

Adjusted  for  specified  items:

—

(78)

(40)

(81)

—

—%

As  adjusted  (non-GAAP)

$28,216

$25,560

$22,819

$19,879

$18,790

10.7%

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

CAGR

2017-2013

The  2016  specified  revenue  items  included  milestone  revenue  under  previously  announced  collaborations  and  prior

period  royalty  revenue  related  to  a  patent  lawsuit  settlement.  The  2015  net  revenue  specified  item  represents  a

milestone  payment  received  under  a  previously  announced  collaboration.  The  2014  net  revenue  specified  item  reflects

royalty  income  from  prior  periods  recognized  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2014  as  a  result  of  the  settlement  of  a  licensing

arrangement.

2.

Diluted  Earnings  Per  Share  Compound  Annual  Growth  Rate  and  Operating  Margin  Expansion  since  2013  Inception

Earnings  Per  Share

Expansion

Operating  Margin

2017-2013

2017-2013

2017

2013

CAGR

2017

2013

Expansion

As  reported  (GAAP)

$3.30

$2.56

6.5% 34.0% 30.1%

390  bps

Adjusted  for  specified  items:

2.30

0.58

8.6%

6.2%

240  bps

As  adjusted  (non-GAAP)

$5.60

$3.14

15.6% 42.6% 36.3%

630  bps

3. Net  Revenues  Increase  and  HUMIRA  Sales  Growth  over  2016

As  reported  (GAAP)

Adjusted  for  specified  and  other  items:

Adjusted  for  foreign  exchange:

As  adjusted  (non-GAAP)

Net  Revenues HUMIRA  Sales

10.1%

0.3%

(0.3)%

10.1%

14.6%

—%

(0.2)%

14.4%

C-1

13NOV201221352027

2018  Proxy  Statement

C-1

4.

Diluted  Earnings  Per  Share  since  2013  Inception

As  reported  (GAAP)

Adjusted  for  specified  items:

Intangible  asset  amortization

Separation  costs

Milestones  and  other  R&D  expenses

Acquired  IPR&D

Acquisition  related  costs

Shire  transaction  and  termination  costs

Litigation  reserves

Intangible  asset  impairment

Venezuela  devaluation  loss

Revaluation  due  to  Section  987  tax  law  change

U.S.  tax  reform  repatriation  tax

Other  impacts  related  to  tax  law  change

Tax  audit  settlement

Other

As  adjusted  (non-GAAP)

Appendix  C

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

$ 3.30

$3.63

$3.13

$1.10

$2.56

0.51

0.38

0.20

0.18

0.23

—

— 0.13

0.24

0.10

0.09

0.05

0.26

0.48

—

0.20

0.12

0.09

0.15

0.21

0.03

0.16

0.25

—

—

— 0.10

1.12

0.18

0.15

— 0.08

—

— 0.18

— 0.12

2.81

(2.04)

(0.06)

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

0.04

0.04

0.05

0.05

0.04

$ 5.60

$4.82

$4.29

$3.32

$3.14

Change  in  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration

0.39

0.14

—

2017  Performance  Results  for  Financial  Goals  Reconciliations

Net  Revenues

Income  Before  Taxes Operating  Margin HUMIRA  Sales

As  reported  (GAAP)

$28,216

$ 7,727

$ 9,592

$18,427

Adjusted  for  specified  items:

Adjusted  for  foreign  exchange:

—

(92)

3,379

47

2,435

46

—

(80)

As  adjusted  (non-GAAP)

$28,124

$11,153

$12,073

$18,347

The  calculation  of  Adjusted  Return  on  Assets  reflects  Adjusted  Net  Earnings.

C-2

2018  Proxy  Statement

13NOV201221352027

C-2

(This  page  has  been  left  blank  intentionally.)

(This  page  has  been  left  blank  intentionally.)

(This  page  has  been  left  blank  intentionally.)

26FEB201718350529

AbbVie  Inc.

1  North  Waukegan  Road

North  Chicago,  Illinois  60064  U.S.A.

Notice  of  Annual  Meeting

of  Stockholders

and  Proxy  Statement

Meeting  Date

May  4,  2018

YOUR  VOTE  IS  IMPORTANT!

Please  sign  and  promptly  return  your  proxy

in  the  enclosed  envelope  or  vote  your

shares  by  telephone  or  using  the  Internet.

Reservation  Form  for  Annual  Meeting

I  am  a  stockholder  of  AbbVie  Inc.  and  I  plan  to  attend  the  Annual  Meeting  to  be  held  at  the  Fairmont  Chicago,

Millennium  Park,  200  North  Columbus  Drive,  Chicago,  Illinois  60601  at  9:00  a.m.  CT  on  May  4,  2018.

Please  send  me  an  admission  card  for  each  of  the  following  persons.

Name

Address

City

State

Zip  Code

Name

Address

City

State

Zip  Code

Phone  Number  (

)

Phone  Number  (

)

If  you  plan  to  attend  the  meeting,  please  complete  the  Reservation  Form  and  send  it  to  AbbVie  Inc.,  Annual  Meeting

Ticket  Requests,  AP34,  1  North  Waukegan  Road,  North  Chicago,  Illinois  60064.  Due  to  space  limitations,  Reservation

Forms  must  be  received  before  April  27,  2018.  An  admission  card,  along  with  a  form  of  photo  identification,  admits

one  person.  A  stockholder  may  request  two  admission  cards,  but  a  guest  must  be  accompanied  by  a  stockholder.

To  prevent  a  delay  in  the  receipt  of  your  admission  card,  do  not  return  this  form  with  your  proxy  card  or  mail  it  in

the  enclosed  business  envelope.

Printed on Recyclable Paper
28FEB201710025299

Stockholder Information

AbbVie Inc. Corporate Headquarters 
1 North Waukegan Road 
North Chicago, IL 60064 
847.932.7900 
abbvie.com

Investor Relations 
Dept. ZZ05, AP34

Corporate Secretary 
Dept. V364, AP34

Stock Listing 
The ticker for AbbVie’s common stock  
is ABBV. The principal market for AbbVie common 
stock is the NYSE. AbbVie common stock also is 
listed on the Chicago Stock Exchange.

Annual Meeting 
The Annual Meeting will be held on Friday, May 4, 
2018, at 9 a.m. at the Fairmont Chicago, Millennium 
Park, 200 North Columbus Drive, Chicago, IL 60601. 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
The AbbVie Dividend Reinvestment Plan offers 
registered stockholders an opportunity to purchase 
additional shares, commission-free, through 
automatic dividend reinvestment and/or optional 
cash investments. Interested persons may contact 
the transfer agent.

Transfer Agent 
Computershare Trust Co. NA 
P.O. Box 43078 
Providence, RI 02940-3078 
877.881.5970 (toll free) 
732.645.4123 
www.computershare.com

 

Printed on recycled paper

AbbVie 
1 North Waukegan Road 
North Chicago, IL 60064 
U.S.A.

abbvie.com

Copyright© 2018 AbbVie.  
All rights reserved.

