2018 Annual Report

One Vanderbilt, New York, New York

1

Dear Stockholders, 
In fiscal year 2018, we set numerous new records, further honed our strategy and 
took important steps forward that provide a strong foundation for the future. 
Over the past several years, we have invested in our people and our capabilities 
to assemble leading franchises that deliver unparalleled engineering, design 
construction management and government services solutions for our clients and 
the communities we serve. As you will read in this report, our results in the year 
demonstrate our progress and the strength of the company we have built.
Reflecting our status as a leading brand across the globe, in 2018 we were ranked 
the No. 1 design firm by Engineering News-Record in several key markets, including 
transportation and facilities design. In addition, we were named one of Fortune’s 
World’s Most Admired Companies for the fourth consecutive 
year. And we continued to demonstrate our commitment to 
fostering the diversity of our workforce with another perfect score 
in the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.
We continue to prioritize our Safeguard core value to drive a culture 
of ethics and safety excellence, and to ensure our accomplishments 
do not come at the expense of our people or the enterprise we 
have built. We closed fiscal year 2018 with our strongest safety 
results to date, including our lowest Total Recordable Incident 
Rate (TRIR) since the close of the URS acquisition in 2014, which 
highlights our world-class safety performance. With our focus 
on global ethics, compliance and quality, we are benefiting from 
a culture of trust, accountability and focus on execution. 
Leveraging our leadership position in the industry, we delivered new records 
in the year for revenue at more than $20 billion, wins at more than $28 billion 
and backlog at more than $54 billion, and also generated our highest-ever 
quarter of free cash flow1 at $511 million in the fourth quarter. Supporting these 
accomplishments were strong performances across our enterprise: 
 – In our Americas Design & Consulting Services (DCS) business, we delivered 
17% organic revenue growth2 in the second half of the year, which was driven 
by phenomenal results in our core transportation and water markets. 

 – Our Management Services (MS) segment also contributed to our double-

digit revenue growth with accelerating organic revenue growth2 in the 
second half of the year as we ramped up our activities on key United States 
Department of Energy and Department of Defense programs. 

 – Our Building Construction business achieved its ambitious goal of 

generating double-digit organic growth2 for the fourth consecutive year 
as our teams continued to deliver an iconic portfolio of projects, including 
One Vanderbilt in New York and the new NFL stadium in Los Angeles. 

 – Performance in our Asia-Pacific markets remained strong, including our highest 

growth in several years in Australia-New Zealand and continued growth in 
Greater China, reflecting our established leadership position in that market. 

2

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

A letter from Mike Burke

 – The Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) team took several steps to improve profitability 

and better align our client offerings in the region, while also making great progress in 
one of our target markets – securing the Saudi Customs PMO, the first of a number 
of opportunities connected to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s growth ambitions.

 – AECOM Capital, the investment arm of our business, achieved a key milestone in the 

formation of a joint venture with Canyon Partners for a real estate investment fund that will 
allow us to further invest in projects beyond our existing portfolio of attractive investments. 

These successes allowed us to generate significant value for our shareholders. In the 
year, we initiated share repurchases under our $1 billion Board authorization, including the 
execution of a $150 million accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement, and $223 
million of additional debt reduction. With $2.7 billion of free cash flow1 generated in the 
last four years, we have demonstrated our proven, industry-leading cash performance. 
Combined with our expectation to deliver at least $3.5 billion of free cash flow1 from fiscal 
year 2018 to 2022, we are well positioned to create substantial value for our stakeholders. 
While we can and should celebrate these accomplishments, we must also acknowledge that 
our profitability has not kept pace with our expectations. Specifically, underperformance on 
a handful of projects in the Construction Services (CS) segment and lower than expected 
results in the EMEA region negatively impacted our earnings in fiscal year 2018. 
As a result, we have undertaken several strategic actions from a position of strength to 
ensure we achieve greater success and fully capitalize on our record backlog. In order to 
significantly enhance our margins, we have implemented a $225 million G&A reduction 
program that will streamline our operations and allow us to more efficiently deliver our work. In 
addition, we are evaluating a plan to exit more than 30 countries with limited growth prospects 
in an effort to hone our focus on the fastest-growing markets where our competitive 
advantages are most apparent. Finally, we have changed the leadership in the CS segment, 
which includes our chief operating officer, Randy Wotring, now taking a more active role 
in leading the business to improve accountability and our risk management practices. 
Importantly, with a solid foundation set, the brightest days for AECOM are yet to come. 
With this momentum apparent in our business and in our markets, we expect continued 
growth in the future. As you’ll read in this report – from delivering iconic, impactful projects 
in communities around the world, to exceeding our sustainability targets, to maintaining 
world-class safety performance – there is no question we have built a company that is 
unrivaled in its scale and capabilities. We have made the necessary investments to set the 
standard for excellence in our industry and are well on our way to achieving our goals. 
On behalf of all our 87,000 professionals, who are aligned on our vision to deliver a better 
world, I thank you for continuing on this journey with us.

Best Regards, 

Michael S. Burke  
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

1  Free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operations 
less capital expenditures net of proceeds from disposals. 
See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Items.

2  Organic growth is at constant currency and excludes revenue 
associated with actual and planned non-core asset and 
business dispositions. 

3

4

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Deliver

Throughout the year, our teams around 
the world were committed to delivering 
excellence for our clients and, in 
turn, created a stronger AECOM. 

Our results in fiscal year 2018 underscored our 
progress on building leading franchises that underpin a 
strong foundation for continued success and included 
several new records on a number of key metrics.

DOUBLE-DIGIT REVENUE GROWTH
Trailing twelve month revenue (billions USD)

CONSISTENTLY STRONG FREE CASH FLOW
Free cash flow3 (millions USD YoY)

20.2

19.7

19.1

18.8

18.2

695

677

688

618

Q4‘17 Q1‘18 Q2‘18 Q3‘18

Q4‘18

FY’15 FY’16 FY’17 FY’18

ALL-TIME HIGH BACKLOG
Total backlog (billions USD)

53.8

54.1

49.9

48.8

47.6

Q4‘17 Q1‘18 Q2‘18 Q3‘18

Q4‘18

RECORD WINS
Total wins (billions USD YoY)

28.4

23.2

18.7

19.0

FY’15 FY’16 FY’17 FY’18

We delivered record free cash flow in the fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2018 and a fourth consecutive 
year of free cash flow in excess of $600 million, 
which underscores our industry-leading cash 
performance. This allows us to operate our business 
and strategy with confidence, and highlights the 
solid foundation for growth we have built.
W. Troy Rudd 
Chief Financial Officer

5

 – To support Sydney’s growing population, we 

provided program and cost management services 
for the NSW Roads and Maritime Services’ Easing 
Sydney’s Congestion Program Office (ESCPO), which 
is delivering significant improvements to reduce 
Sydney’s congestion and has already achieved 
more than 1 million vehicle hours saved across more 
than 210 million trips over the past two years. 

 – We celebrated the construction completion of the 
2-million-square-foot MGM Springfield megaproject 
and also delivered Olmsted Locks and Dam four years 
ahead of schedule by employing innovative “in-the-
wet” and lean construction methods on the project, 
which was one of the largest civil works undertaken 
by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. 

 – Our teams at the Savannah River Site (SRS), a substantial 
nuclear remediation project, made significant advances 
in fiscal year 2018, including major milestones on 
the Tank Closure Cesium Removal (TCCR) unit that 
will accelerate HLW tank closure at the site, as well 
as the first transfer of decontaminated low-level 
liquid waste (approximately 8,500 gallons) from an 
underground waste tank to Saltstone Disposal Unit 
(SDU) 6, the first mega-volume disposal unit.

These accomplishments are the result 
of outstanding work from our 87,000 
professionals, who delivered remarkable 
impact for the communities and 
clients we serve around the world. 
Highlights: 
 – Following the devastating hurricanes in the 

Southeastern United States in the summer of 2017, 
our teams quickly mobilized in the U.S. Virgin Islands 
to provide storm recovery services, including the 
erection of more than 240 temporary classrooms 
and administration buildings, along with 14 multi-
purpose Sprung structures, throughout the territory.

 – In the EMEA region, our design consultancy and 

construction supervision teams completed Warner 
Bros. World in Abu Dhabi, the world’s largest indoor 
theme park. In addition, working with our partners in 
the Wessex Capacity Alliance, we delivered a major 
project to increase capacity at London Waterloo, 
Britain’s busiest railway station, by 30 percent. 

Our teams come to work every day passionate about 
our mission to deliver a better world, and it’s projects 
like the U.S. Virgin Island hurricane recovery effort 
and the Olmsted Locks and Dam which showcase 
our collective commitment to creating impact for 
the communities we serve.
Steve Morriss
Group President, Design  
and Consulting Services, Americas

Olmsted Locks and Dam, Ohio River, Ohio

6

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

OUR ACCOLADES
In addition to the financial results that underscored 
our success during fiscal year 2018, AECOM 
celebrated numerous industry awards that reflect 
our continued commitment to excellence. 
Highlights:

Fortune 
World’s Most Admired Companies 2018 

Human Rights Campaign Foundation 
100% Rating on Corporate Equality Index / 
Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality

VIQTORY 
 – 2019 Military Friendly® GOLD Employer
 – 2019 Military Friendly® Spouse Employer 

ENR 
 – No. 2, Top 500 Design Firms, including 

No. 1 in the key Transportation 
and Facilities end markets 
 – No. 4, Top 400 Contractors
 – Best Project (Office/Retail/Mixed-

Use): 3 World Trade Center

Deliver

Construction Dive 
2018 Executive of the Year,  
Jay Badame, Building Construction

National Safety Council (NSC) 
Received a record 360 NSC awards 
across our DCS, CS and MS segments
 – 200 Occupational Excellence 

Achievement awards

 – 120 Perfect Record awards
 – 10 Million Work Hours awards 
 – 30 Safety Leadership awards 
 – 10 Superior Safety Performance awards

RoSPA 
Order of Distinction Award (19 consecutive  
Golds) for health and safety 
performance in the United Kingdom

LA Business Journal 
Business Person of the Year, 
Michael S. Burke

With the distinction of having led AECOM’s 
business in multiple continents, I’m proud to see 
leading industry groups recognize the brilliance of 
our people and the incredible solutions they deliver 
for our clients, as I have observed firsthand.
Lara Poloni 
Chief Executive, EMEA

7

8

San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station (SONGS), San Onofre, California

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Anticipate

Our strategy is to provide differentiated 
solutions by leveraging our scale and market-
leading capabilities for both public- and 
private-sector clients all over the world.
Through our Design & Consulting Services, Construction 
Services and Management Services segments, we 
serve clients across five key markets: Buildings, Civil 
Infrastructure, Industrial, Energy and National 
Governments. Each market has unique needs, growth 
opportunities and challenges. In each market we serve, 
our integrated solutions allow us to partner with our clients 
to bring unique perspectives and unrivaled insights.
BUILDINGS 
From urban centers to remote locations, mass transit 
terminals to water treatment plants, concert halls 
to power plants, stadiums to refineries, supertall 
skyscrapers to residential towers – we build it all. Some 
of AECOM’s most iconic projects are in the Buildings 
market, which includes Commercial/Residential, 
Sports, Hospitality & Leisure, Education, Healthcare 
and Local & State Government facilities. We provide 
architecture and building design services, finance and 
develop commercial and mixed-use properties and 
are a market leader in building stadiums and arenas. 
CIVIL INFRASTRUCTURE 
Civil Infrastructure is AECOM’s largest market and 
includes Transportation, Water, Ports & Marine and 
Aviation. We are a global leader in Civil Infrastructure 
design and environmental services, designing roads, 
bridges, tunnels, transit, water and wastewater systems. 
We design and build airports all over the world and 
provide civil construction services in North America. 
INDUSTRIAL 
The Industrial market includes a broad set of sub-sectors, 
including auto and heavy machine manufacturers, 
logistics firms and data center clients. We provide 
services across the design, build and operate lifecycle 

for Industrial clients, ranging from facilities operations 
and management to designing and optimizing processes 
to help clients improve production efficiency. We also 
have strong architecture, engineering, construction 
and environmental services for Industrial clients.
ENERGY 
The Energy market includes Oil & Gas as well as Fossil, 
Renewable and Nuclear Power clients. We’ve designed 
and installed over 280K MW of electricity worldwide 
and provided innovative efficiency services to help 
clients work cleaner and reduce their energy usage. 
We are also a global leader in the decontamination 
and decommissioning of nuclear power plants.
NATIONAL GOVERNMENTS 
For over a century, AECOM has worked with governments all 
over the world to provide mission-critical services ranging 
from operations and maintenance to supply chain support, 
design, construction and energy and environmental 
services. We support United States Government agencies 
including the Department of Defense, Department of 
Energy, Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) 
and United States Army Corps of Engineers, and also 
support projects for the national governments of the 
United Kingdom, Australia and Canada. Our National 
Government operations help to improve the lives of people, 
the future of communities and the safety of nations.

The strength of our technical knowledge, local 
connections and broad market experience allow 
us to anticipate challenges and deliver specialized 
solutions across a project’s entire lifecycle.
Fred Werner 
President, Major Pursuits

9

10 Second Avenue Subway, New York, New York

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Safeguard

We believe that how we conduct our 
business is equally as important to what we 
deliver to our clients and communities.

A strong culture of safety and ethics is at the foundation 
of how we protect our people, projects and reputation. 
It’s not just the right thing to do, but we know a concerted 
focus on safety and ethics has a direct and virtuous effect 
on our operations and the quality of work we deliver.

Living by our Safeguard value and prioritizing 
both safety and integrity cultivates a culture that 
inspires our employees, builds trust with clients 
and business partners and delivers results for the 
company and our investors.
Randy Wotring
Chief Operating Officer 

ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE
We are committed to acting with integrity and 
adhering to the highest standards of ethics and 
compliance. Promoting a culture of ethics and integrity 
helps us safeguard our people and our company 
from potential wrongdoing while strengthening our 
brand and reputation for flawless execution. 
Our Code of Conduct Policy is our North Star. It outlines 
the basic legal guidelines we must follow and general 
ethical principles to help each of us make the right 
decisions when conducting business worldwide. Top 
leaders promote ethical behavior through a global ethics 
committee, led by our Chief Operating Officer and Chief 
Legal Officer, as well as regional ethics committees. 
Further, we have a comprehensive cross-functional 
ethics and compliance program focused on preventing 
issues from occurring, detecting them if and when they 
happen, effectively and expediently resolving issues and 
capturing lessons to prevent them from repeating.

PREVENT, DETECT, 
RESOLVE FRAMEWORK

Enforce, Remediate and 
Share Lessons Learned

Centralized 
Governance

Policies, Procedures  
and Internal Controls

Investigate

Resolve

Prevent

Detect

Due Diligence on 
Business Partners and 
Risk Assessments
Communication 
and Training

Audit and 
Monitor

Multiple Reporting 
Channels

11

SAFETY
We safeguard our people, projects and reputation by striving 
for zero employee injuries and illnesses, while operating 
and delivering quality work responsibly and sustainably. 
We foster a Culture of Caring by implementing 
our comprehensive Safety for Life program, 
guided by our Life Preserving Principles.

Demonstrated Management Commitment 
Our executive, senior and project 
managers will lead the SH&E improvement 
process and continuously demonstrate 
support and commitment.

Employee Participation
Our employees will be encouraged and 
empowered to become actively engaged in 
our safety processes through their active 
participation in safety committees, training, 
audits, observations and inspections. Employees 
will be encouraged to participate in health 
initiatives and adopt a healthy lifestyle.

Budgeting and Staffing for Safety 
Our safety staff will be competent, fully 
trained and qualified to provide technical 
resources to our internal and external 
clients. A budget to support safety activities 
will be included in project proposals.

Pre-Planning
Our design, engineering, project and construction 
management staff will deploy effective risk 
mitigation efforts to design, plan and build safety 
into every project. Pre-Project and Pre-Task 
planning will be an effective tool in protecting 
our employees and the environment.

Contractor Management
Our project staff will work closely with our sub-
consultants, subcontractors, contractors and 
JV partners to provide a safe work environment 
for employees and members of the public. Our 
goal of SH&E performance excellence will be 
equally shared by all project participants.

Recognition and Rewards
Our employees will be recognized for their efforts in 
working safely and their support of our safety efforts.

Safety Orientation and Training
Our employees will be provided with effective 
safety training to identify and mitigate hazards in 
the workplace and to prevent injuries to themselves 
and others who may be affected by their actions.

Incident Investigation
Our managers and safety professionals 
will investigate all recordable incidents and 
serious near misses to identify contributing 
factors and root causes in order to prevent 
a reoccurrence. Lessons learned shall be 
identified, communicated and implemented.

Fit for Duty
Our employees are responsible to report to work 
each day fit for duty and to not pose a health 
and safety hazard to themselves or others.

We are in the relationship business and those 
relationships start with trust — our people, 
clients and partners are counting on us. Our Life 
Preserving Principles serve as the foundation of 
our promise to operate safely and ethically.
Carla J. Christofferson 
Chief Legal Officer 

12

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Safeguard

2018 RESULTS
 – 100 percent of regular, full-time employees 

demonstrated their commitment to upholding 
the highest standards of conduct by completing 
the annual AECOM ethics training.

TOTAL RECORDABLE INCIDENT  
RATE (TRIR3) PERFORMANCE
2010-2017

 – We achieved the lowest Total Recordable Incident Rate 
(TRIR3) since the acquisition of URS. Our TRIR of 0.29 is 
considered best in class within and beyond our industry.

1.17

 – Our safety performance was recognized by key 

clients across the regions where we work as 
well as by prestigious safety organizations. 

 – The National Safety Council (NSC) in the United States 
awarded AECOM a record 360 awards across our DCS, 
CS and MS segments for safety performance in 2017. 

 – We were also awarded the prestigious Order 
of Distinction (19 consecutive Golds) Award 
from the Royal Society for the Prevention of 
Accidents (RoSPA) in the United Kingdom for 
health and safety performance in 2017.

We know that safety is a leading indicator of our 
success. By setting new safety performance 
records in 2018, we demonstrated the strong 
foundation of excellence that will fuel this 
organization for years to come.
John Vollmer
Group President, Management Services

We measure our safety performance with Total Recordable 
Incident Rate (TRIR3) and Lost Workday Case Rate 
(LWCR4), the two most common industry standards. A 
TRIR is the aggregated number of work-related incidents 
that result in injury, medical attention and absence from 
work. LCWR is a subset of TRIR; it is the number of work-
related incidents that result in absence from work.

.93

.89

.69

.37

.35

.27

.31

.29

2010 2011 2012 2013

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018

AECOM and legacy URS 
performance combined

LOST WORKDAY CASE  
RATE (LWCR4) PERFORMANCE 
2010-2017

.60

.35

.32

.30

.10

.06

.06

.04

.06

2010 2011 2012 2013

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018

AECOM and legacy URS 
performance combined

3  The TRIR is a mathematical calculation used by the 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) 
that describes the number of employees per 100 full-time 
employees who have been involved in an OSHA-recordable 
injury or illness. Incident rates are collected on a per-company 
basis and are then aggregated by various categories. 

4  The LWCR is also a mathematical calculation used by OSHA 
that describes the number of lost time cases per 100 full-
time employees in any given time frame.

13

14

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Collaborate

Through our connected expertise and diverse 
teams, we create innovative solutions for 
the world’s most challenging projects.
When we bring together the talent and knowledge of our 
people and businesses across the globe, we ignite new 
ideas, share valuable insights and deliver transformational 
outcomes for our clients. This is what it takes to imagine 
the world’s cities and communities of the future.
INCLUSION & DIVERSITY 
We believe in a culture of inclusion and diversity – a safe 
and respectful work environment where the best and 
brightest are invited to bring their talents, backgrounds and 
expertise to bear on some of the world’s most complex 
problems. We recognize the importance of creating a sense 
of belonging for our people and encouraging them to bring 
their creative thinking and unique perspectives to work.

Surrounding yourself with people who are just like you 
is the quickest way to inhibit creativity. At AECOM, in 
pursuing a culture of inclusion and diversity, we are 
fostering a place where the best and brightest can 
thrive with the tools, resources and support they 
need to achieve their full potential.
Mary Finch
Chief Human Resources Officer

In fiscal year 2018, we made our largest strides yet, 
achieving a perfect score on the Human Rights 
Campaign’s 2018 Corporate Equality Index (CEI), a 
national benchmarking tool on corporate policies and 
practices pertinent to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender 
and queer (LGBTQ) employees. We are one of only two 
engineering firms to receive this distinction, designating 
AECOM as a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality. 
While maintaining a focus on recruitment of women 
at all levels of the company, we are proud that the 
number of women in our leadership ranks has 
increased by 30 percent over the last three years.

As a Top 100 Military Friendly® Employer for 13 
consecutive years and Military Friendly® Spouse 
Employer for six consecutive years, we are honored 
to rank No. 1 across all industries in the 2019 
Military Friendly® Supplier Diversity Program.
In addition to these achievements, we continue to make 
considerable progress in engaging our employees 
globally to understand regional inclusion and diversity 
opportunities, building leadership accountability 
and expanding recruitment efforts to ensure a 
workforce reflective of our global communities.
FOUNDATIONS TO LEARN AND GROW
In fiscal year 2018, we implemented a new HR systems 
infrastructure. This new platform allows us to connect 
our global workforce through one system of record 
and enables our leaders to build teams quickly by 
harnessing internal expertise from around the world 
and make critical business decisions with reliable, real-
time talent data. This digital transformation sets the 
foundation for future career development programs and 
personalized learning opportunities for employees.
WELLNESS AT AECOM 
To do our best work, we must be well and healthy, 
which is why we promote and encourage holistic well-
being and reinforce healthy habits all year long.
This year, in collaboration with employees around the 
world, we hosted our inaugural Global Well-Being Week, 
with 135 on-site events held across 56 office locations 
to celebrate our diversity and the benefits that result 
from taking care of our physical, emotional, financial, 
social and environmental well-being. Our United States 
wellness program, Wellness at AECOM, continues to 
expand, providing 26 different year-round activities that 
support and reinforce all aspects of well-being for both 
employees and their spouses/domestic partners. 
Our focus on wellness is also good business — in the 
United States, we have seen an 18 percent savings in 
health care costs for those who participate in wellness 
activities versus those who do not participate.

15

16

Echo Park, Los Angeles, California

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Inspire

In bringing to life our purpose to build a 
better world, we raise the standard for 
sustainability practices in our own operations 
and the services we deliver for our clients. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
In 2016, AECOM publicly committed to reducing its global 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 20 percent below 2015 
baseline levels by 2020. As of the end of fiscal year 2017 
we have achieved a 43 percent reduction in total Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHGs, three years ahead of target. This 
reduction was a result of four main drivers: consolidation 
of offices resulting in significant reduction of total square 
footage, more energy-efficient office space, reduction in 
total number of owned or leased fleet vehicles and higher 
efficiency vehicles in fleet. As a result of achieving our 
2016 sustainability performance target ahead of schedule, 
we committed in September 2018 to an additional 20 
percent absolute reduction below 2017 levels by 2025. 
This target was calculated using an internationally 
recognized, quantitatively supported methodology 
known as Science-Based Targets (SBTs). SBTs align our 
efforts with the Paris Agreement which aims to keep 
global temperatures below 2 degrees Celsius compared 
with pre-industrial levels. With this target, AECOM joined 
a community of nearly 500 companies committing to 
ambitious goals through SBTs, and it is among one of 
our key sustainability ambitions for the years to come. 
GLOBAL GREENHOUSE  
GAS EMISSIONS
Scope 1
Fleet fuel (MT CO2e)
Scope 2 
Electricity and office heating fuel (MT CO2e)
Total CO2e
Total $Million Revs

2016
52,616 
178,728 

2017
25,483 
162,223 

187,706  
10

2018
21,660 
156,418 

178,078  
9

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY 
Aligned with our core values and strategic priorities, we 
deliver safe and secure infrastructure to those who need it 
most, creating opportunity for the leaders of tomorrow and 
protecting our planet so that, together, we can realize our 
dream of a better world.
Our Blueprint for a Better World corporate responsibility 
platform is inspired by the passion and purpose of our 
employees who make a positive and tangible impact in 
communities around the world. Its foundation is built on 
three pillars: Opening Doors, Creating Opportunity and 
Protecting Tomorrow. 

Protecting 
Tomorrow
Use our expertise to 
lessen our impact 
on the planet to help 
communities prepare 
for the future

Creating 
Opportunity
Help develop the next 
generation of the world’s 
problem solvers and 
ensure future leaders 
reflect the diversity of 
the world we live in

Opening  
Doors
Deliver access to 
safe and secure 
infrastructure so those 
who need it most have 
a place to call home and 
resources to thrive
In fiscal year 2018, we launched the Blueprint Travel Grant 
program, a social impact initiative that supports employee 
participation in skills-based volunteer service trips with 
nonprofit organizations to bring lasting, scalable solutions to 
communities in need.
We supported 25 projects across 15 countries, with 
participation from 80 employees. Projects focused on 
building critical infrastructure, promoting gender equality 
and protecting endangered species.
Fiscal year 2018 also marked 10 years of support for our 
two major nonprofit partners: Engineers Without Borders 
USA and Water For People, with whom we reached the $1 
million milestone in employee and corporate giving. Through 
our partnership with Water For People, we’re proud to have 
positively impacted more than 18,000 people, provided 
6.6 million days worth of water and created $5 million in 
economic productivity.

At AECOM, we’re legacy makers. Our purpose 
— built to deliver a better world — inspires our 
commitment to sustainability and corporate 
responsibility by working to improve the physical, 
social and environmental infrastructure that 
healthy societies deserve.
Heather Rim
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

17

18 West Kowloon Terminus, Hong Kong

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Dream

Innovation at AECOM is about pushing the 
boundaries of what’s possible by harnessing 
the collective power of our talent to help shape 
the world around us for decades to come. 
We’re passionate about problem solving, and we embrace 
our clients’ biggest challenges — combining collaboration 
with innovation to deliver transformational results. We are 
investing in technologies at the forefront of our industry that 
create value across the entire project life cycle, from digital 
engineering and machine learning to augmented reality 
and modular construction. Further setting AECOM apart is 
the entrepreneurial spirit of the industry’s brightest minds, 
who regularly bring original ideas, elevate innovations, spark 
positive change and enhance the success of our clients.

Through collaboration and innovation, we partner 
with our clients to create the future. It’s our X 
factor, the innovative spirit and genius within our 
company, that truly enables us to deliver what 
others can only imagine.
Jeff Stein
Executive Vice President, Chief Innovation Officer, 
Head of AECOM Ventures

In fiscal year 2018, we brought our most innovative thinking 
to define infrastructure’s next chapter with the launch of 
our inaugural Future of Infrastructure report. The global 
survey combined data and opinions from more than 500 
industry decision-makers to identify today’s infrastructure 
challenges and the opportunities ahead. The results 
underscored the continued economic importance of 
infrastructure, but two-thirds of respondents noted that 
the industry is not evolving fast enough to meet society’s 
changing needs. In response, the report featured AECOM 
experts exploring solutions to address the gap in funding 
and investment, the growing necessity for resilient 
infrastructure, the evolving workforce needs and how the 
sector must innovate at rapid speed.

For us, innovation is more than ideas – it’s action. Our 
leadership in the industry and the unique insights we can 
bring to bear on our projects are also reflected in notable 
new project wins in fiscal year 2018: 
 – In the Americas, we were awarded a contract to design 
and deliver, as part of the Bridging North America 
consortium, the Gordie Howe International Bridge that 
will connect Windsor, Canada and Detroit, Michigan via 
a 2.5-kilometer bridge that when completed will be the 
longest cable-stayed bridge on the continent and one of 
the largest in the world.

 – In Australia, we were awarded a contract to deliver the 
$11 billion Metro Tunnel Projects to ease congestion 
in the Melbourne City Loop, which includes five new 
stations and is expected to be completed by 2025.
 – In our Building Construction business, we fostered 

coast-to-coast relationships with Related Companies 
through our selection to build The Grand project in Los 
Angeles – a dynamic Frank-Gehry-designed, mixed-use 
development in the city’s downtown. 

 – In addition, we were named construction manager for 
the second phase of the Waldorf Astoria restoration, 
a continuation of our demolition and pre-construction 
efforts to preserve and transform the property, which is 
New York City’s largest private interior landmark. 

 – We continued to win expansive new work in our MS 
segment, including a 15-year, $3.1 billion contract to 
provide the U.S. Air Force with range support services, a 
nine-year, $442 million contract to provide the U.S. Army 
with rotary wing training services and further contract 
extensions at the key Hanford and Savannah River sites 
for the U.S. Department of Energy. 

Developing cutting-edge technologies into 
practical tools is a powerful demonstration 
of AECOM’s relentless commitment to drive 
innovation that enables us to win impactful new 
work and lead our industry.
Sean C.S. Chiao
President, Asia Pacific

19

20

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

AECOM EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Corporate governance

Michael S. Burke  
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 

Sean C.S. Chiao  
President, Asia Pacific 

Carla J. Christofferson  
Executive Vice President, 
Chief Legal Officer 

Mary E. Finch  
Executive Vice President, 
Chief Human  
Resources Officer 

Steve Morriss  
Group President,  
Design and Consulting 
Services, Americas 

Lara Poloni  
Chief Executive,  
EMEA  

Heather Rim 
Senior Vice President, 
Chief Marketing & 
Communications Officer  

W. Troy Rudd  
Executive Vice President, 
Chief Financial Officer

Jeff Stein 
Executive Vice President, 
Chief Innovation Officer,  
Head of AECOM Ventures

John C. Vollmer  
Group President, 
Management Services

Frederick W. Werner 
President, Major Pursuits

Randall A. Wotring  
Chief Operating Officer

21

AECOM BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Michael S. Burke  
Chairman of the Board and  
Chief Executive Officer,  
AECOM 
 
James H. Fordyce  
Co-Founder and  
Co-Chief Executive Officer,  
Stone Canyon Industries LLC 
 
Senator William H. Frist  
Partner,  
Cressey & Company 
 

Linda Griego  
President and Chief Executive Officer,  
Griego Enterprises Inc. 
 
Dr. Robert J. Routs  
Executive Director (Retired),  
U.S. Downstream Operations, 
Royal Dutch Shell plc 
 
Clarence T. Schmitz  
Co-Founder and  
Former Chief Executive Officer,  
Outsource Partners International Inc. 

Douglas W. Stotlar  
Former President and  
Chief Executive Officer,  
Con-way Inc. 
 
Daniel R. Tishman  
Director and Officer,  
Tishman Holdings Corporation 
General Janet C. Wolfenbarger  
General (Retired),  
United States Air Force 

EXECUTIVE TEAM
Number of executive officers
Percentage of female executive officers

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Number of board members
Percentage of independent directors
Percentage of female directors

2018
12
33%

2018
9
78%
22%

2017
11
27%

2017
10
80%
20%

2016
9
22%

2016
10
80%
20%

2015
10
20%

2015
13
77%
15%

22

2018 Annual Report AECOMDelivering Growth. Building Strength. 

Corporate governance

AECOM ON NYSE 
AECOM’s common stock trades on the New York 
Stock Exchange under the symbol ACM. 
Investor materials  
AECOM’s Investor Relations website contains background 
on our company and our services, financial information, 
frequently asked questions and our online annual 
report, as well as other useful information. For investor 
information, including additional copies of our Annual 
Report, Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or other financial literature, 
please visit our website at investors.aecom.com. 
Copies of AECOM’s Form 10-K may be obtained free of 
charge by contacting William Gabrielski in our Investor 
Relations department via email at  
AECOMInvestorRelations@aecom.com 
or via phone at (212) 973-2982. 
Independent registered public accounting firm  
Ernst & Young LLP, Los Angeles, California, USA 
Transfer Agent  
Computershare, P.O. Box 30170,  
College Junction, TX 77842  
(800) 368-5948  
www.computershare.com 

DISCLAIMERS
Scope of report  
The sustainability data and activities included in this report 
cover the past several years to provide a clearer picture of 
our performance. This report covers our owned or operated 
businesses and does not address the performance of our 
suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. 
We have prepared the information and case studies solely 
to provide a general overview of our sustainability activities, 
and this report should not be used by anyone making an 
investment decision. In addition, the information in this 
report is summarized and is not a complete description 
of all of our activities; therefore, we have made qualitative 
judgments as to certain information to include that could 
be determined to be inaccurate or incomplete. We did 
not employ any third party firm to audit this report. 
Forward-looking information  
This report contains forward-looking statements relating 
to the manner in which we intend to conduct our activities 
based on our current plans and expectations. These 
statements are not promises of our future conduct or 
policy and are subject to a variety of uncertainties and 
other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
Therefore, the actual conduct of our activities, including 
the development, implementation or continuation of any 
program, policy or initiative discussed in this report, may 
differ materially in the future. The statements of intention 
in this report speak only as of the date of this report, and 
we do not undertake to publicly update any statements 
in this report. As used in this report, the term “AECOM” 
and such terms as “the company,” “our,” “its,” “we,” and 
“us” may refer to one or more of AECOM’s consolidated 
subsidiaries or affiliates or to all of them taken as a 
whole. All these terms are used for convenience only and 
are not intended as a precise description of any of the 
separate entities, each of which manages its own affairs. 

RECONCILIATION OF  
NON-GAAP ITEMS (MILLIONS)

Net cash provided by operating activities
Capital expenditures, net

Free cash flow

2015
$ 764.4
(69.4)
$ 695.0

Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 
2018
$ 774.6
(86.9)
 $687.7

2016
$ 814.2
(136.8)
$ 677.4

2017
$ 696.7
(78.5)
$ 618.2

23

ABOUT AECOM 
AECOM is built to deliver a better world. We design, build, 
finance and operate infrastructure assets for governments, 
businesses and organizations. As a fully integrated firm, we 
connect knowledge and experience across our global network 
of experts to help clients solve their most complex challenges. 
From high-performance buildings and infrastructure, to 
resilient communities and environments, to stable and secure 
nations, our work is transformative, differentiated and vital. 
A Fortune 500 firm, AECOM had revenue of approximately 
$20.2 billion during fiscal year 2018. See how we deliver what 
others can only imagine at aecom.com and @AECOM.

Imagine it.
Delivered.

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K

(Mark one)

፤ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2018

OR

អ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from 

 to 
Commission file number 0-52423

AECOM

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

61-1088522

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

1999 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 2600

Los Angeles, California 90067

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(213) 593-8000

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Name of Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  is  a  well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as  defined  in  Rule  405  of  the  Securities

Act.  ፤ Yes អ No

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  is  not  required  to  file  reports  pursuant  to  Section  13  or  Section  15(d)  of  the

Act.  អ Yes ፤ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  ፤ Yes អ No

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  submitted  electronically  every  Interactive  Data  File  required  to  be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit such files).  ፤ Yes អ No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter)
is  not  contained  herein,  and  will  not  be  contained  to  the  best  of  registrant’s  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ፤

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  is  a  large  accelerated  filer,  an  accelerated  filer,  a  non-accelerated  filer,  a
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of ‘‘large accelerated filer,’’ ‘‘accelerated filer,’’
‘‘non-accelerated filer,’’ ‘‘smaller reporting company,’’ and ‘‘emerging growth company’’ in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer  ፤

Smaller reporting company  អ
Emerging growth company  អ
If  an  emerging  growth  company,  indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  has  elected  not  to  use  the  extended  transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.  អ

Non-accelerated filer  អ

Accelerated filer  អ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes អ No  ፤
The aggregate market value of registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates on March 30, 2018 (the last business day of
the  registrant’s  most  recently  completed  second  fiscal  quarter),  based  upon  the  closing  price  of  a  share  of  the  registrant’s
common stock on such date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was approximately $5.5 billion.
Number of shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding as of November 5, 2018: 156,351,525

Part III incorporates information by reference from the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting

of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of the registrant’s fiscal 2018 year end.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 1.
BUSINESS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PROPERTIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 2.
ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’s COMMON EQUITY, RELATED

STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

ITEM 6.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’s DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL

CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET

ITEM 8.
ITEM 9.

RISK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON

ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . .
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND

MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS . . . . . . . . . . .

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Page
2
13
31
31
31
31

32
35

37

70
72

136
136
137
137
137

137

137
137
138
143

1

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

PART I

In  this  report,  we  use  the  terms  ‘‘the  Company,’’  ‘‘we,’’  ‘‘us’’  and  ‘‘our’’  to  refer  to  AECOM  and  its
consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise noted, references to years are for fiscal years. Our fiscal year consists
of  52  or  53  weeks,  ending  on  the  Friday  closest  to  September  30.  For  clarity  of  presentation,  we  present  all
periods as if the year ended on September 30. We refer to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 as ‘‘fiscal
2017’’ and the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 as ‘‘fiscal 2018.’’

Overview

We are a leading fully integrated firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure
assets  for  governments,  businesses  and  organizations  throughout  the  world.  We  provide  planning,
consulting, architectural and engineering design services to commercial and government clients worldwide
in  major  end  markets  such  as  transportation,  facilities,  environmental,  energy,  water  and  government
markets. We also provide construction services, including building construction and energy, infrastructure
and industrial construction. In addition, we provide program and facilities management and maintenance,
training,  logistics,  consulting,  technical  assistance,  and  systems  integration  and  information  technology
services,  primarily  for  agencies  of  the  U.S.  government  and  also  for  national  governments  around  the
world.  According  to  Engineering  News-Record’s  (ENR’s)  2018  Design  Survey,  we  are  the  second  largest
general architectural and engineering design firm in the world, ranked by 2017 design revenue. In addition,
we are ranked by ENR as the leading firm in a number of design end markets, including transportation and
general building.

We  were  formed  in  1980  as  Ashland  Technology  Company,  a  Delaware  corporation  and  a  wholly-
owned  subsidiary  of  Ashland,  Inc.,  an  oil  and  gas  refining  and  distribution  company.  Since  becoming
independent of Ashland Inc., we have grown by a combination of organic growth and strategic mergers and
acquisitions from approximately 3,300 employees and $387 million in revenue in fiscal 1991, the first full
fiscal  year  of  independent  operations,  to  approximately  87,000  employees  at  September  30,  2018  and
$20.2 billion in revenue for fiscal 2018. We completed the initial public offering of our common stock in
May 2007 and these shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.

As mentioned above, we have grown in part by strategic mergers and acquisitions. These acquisitions
have included URS Corporation, a leading provider of engineering, construction, and technical services for
public  agencies  and  private  sector  companies  around  the  world,  acquired  in  October  2014;  Hunt
Construction  Group,  a  leading  commercial  construction  firm,  acquired  in  July  2014;  and  Shimmick
Construction Company, Inc., a leading heavy civil construction firm in California and the Western U.S.,
acquired in July 2017.

Our business strategy focuses on leveraging our competitive strengths, leadership positions in our core
markets,  and  client  relationships  across  all  major  geographies.  We  have  created  an  integrated  delivery
platform with superior capabilities to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the
world. By integrating and providing a broad range of services, we deliver maximum value to our clients at
competitive  costs.  Also,  by  coordinating  and  consolidating  our  knowledge  base,  we  believe  we  have  the
ability to export our leading edge technical skills to any region in the world in which our clients may need
them.

We  report  our  business  through  four  segments,  each  of  which  is  described  in  further  detail  below:
Design  and  Consulting  Services  (DCS),  Construction  Services  (CS),  Management  Services  (MS),  and
AECOM  Capital  (ACAP).  Such  segments  are  organized  by  the  types  of  services  provided,  the  differing
specialized needs of the respective clients, and how we manage the business. We have aggregated various
operating segments into our reportable segments based on their similar characteristics, including similar

2

long term financial performance, the nature of services provided, internal processes for delivering those
services, and types of customers.

(cid:127) Design  and  Consulting  Services  (DCS): Planning,  consulting,  architectural  and  engineering  design
services  to  commercial  and  government  clients  worldwide  in  major  end  markets  such  as
transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, water and government.

(cid:127) Construction  Services  (CS): Construction  services,  including  building  construction  and  energy,

infrastructure and industrial construction, primarily in the Americas.

(cid:127) Management  Services  (MS): Program  and  facilities  management  and  maintenance,  training,
logistics,  consulting,  technical  assistance,  and  systems  integration  and  information  technology
services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government and other national governments around the
world.

(cid:127) AECOM  Capital  (ACAP): Investments  in  real  estate,  public-private  partnership  (P3)  and

infrastructure projects.

Our Design and Consulting Services Segment
Our DCS segment comprises a broad array of services, generally provided on a fee-for-service basis.
These  services  include  planning,  consulting,  architectural  and  engineering  design,  program  management
and construction management for industrial, commercial, institutional and government clients worldwide.
For  each  of  these  services,  our  technical  expertise  includes  civil,  structural,  process,  mechanical,
geotechnical  systems  and  electrical  engineering,  architectural,  landscape  and  interior  design,  urban  and
regional planning, project economics, cost consulting and environmental, health and safety work.

With our technical and management expertise, we are able to provide our clients a broad spectrum of
services. For example, within our environmental management service offerings, we provide remediation,
regulatory  compliance  planning  and  management,  environmental  modeling,  environmental  impact
assessment and environmental permitting for major capital/infrastructure projects.

Our  services  may  be  sequenced  over  multiple  phases.  For  example,  in  the  area  of  program
management  and  construction  management  services,  our  work  for  a  client  may  begin  with  a  small
consulting or planning contract, and may later develop into an overall management role for the project or a
series of projects, which we refer to as a program. Program and construction management contracts may
employ small or large project teams and, in many cases, operate as an outsourcing arrangement with our
staff located at the project site.

We  provide  the  services  in  our  DCS  segment  both  directly  and  through  joint  ventures  or  similar

partner arrangements to the following end markets or business sectors:

Transportation.
(cid:127) Transit and Rail. Light rail, heavy rail (including high-speed, commuter and freight) and multimodal

transit projects.

(cid:127) Marine, Ports and Harbors. Wharf facilities and container port facilities for private and public port

operators.

(cid:127) Highways, Bridges and Tunnels. Interstate, primary and secondary urban and rural highway systems

and bridge projects.

(cid:127) Aviation. Landside terminal and airside facilities, runways and taxiways.

3

Facilities.
(cid:127) Government. Emergency  response  services  for  the  U.S.  Department  of  Homeland  Security,
including the Federal Emergency Management Agency and engineering and program management
services for agencies of the Department of Defense and Department of Energy.

(cid:127) Industrial. Industrial  facilities  for  a  variety  of  niche  end  markets  such  as  manufacturing,
distribution,  aviation,  aerospace,  communications,  media,  pharmaceuticals,  renewable  energy,
chemical, and food and beverage facilities.

(cid:127) Urban Master Planning/Design. Strategic planning and master planning services for new cities and
major mixed use developments in India, China, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, the
United Kingdom and the United States.

(cid:127) Commercial  and  Leisure  Facilities. Corporate  headquarters,  high-rise  office  towers,  historic

buildings, hotels, leisure, sports and entertainment facilities and corporate campuses.

(cid:127) Educational. College and university campuses.
(cid:127) Health Care. Private and public health facilities.
(cid:127) Correctional. Detention and correction facilities throughout the world.

Environmental.
(cid:127) Water  and  Wastewater. Treatment  facilities  as  well  as  supply,  distribution  and  collection  systems,

stormwater management, desalinization, and other water re-use technologies.

(cid:127) Environmental  Management. Remediation,  waste  handling, 

testing  and  monitoring  of

environmental conditions and environmental construction management.

(cid:127) Water Resources. Regional-scale floodplain mapping and analysis for public agencies, along with the
analysis and development of protected groundwater resources for companies in the bottled water
industry.

Energy/Power.
(cid:127) Demand  Side  Management. Public  K-12  schools  and  universities,  health  care  facilities,  and

courthouses and other public buildings, as well as energy conservation systems for utilities.

(cid:127) Transmission  and  Distribution. Power  stations  and  electric  transmissions  and  distribution  and

co-generation systems.

(cid:127) Alternative/Renewable  Energy. Production  facilities  such  as  ethanol  plants,  wind  farms  and  micro

hydropower and geothermal subsections of regional power grids.

(cid:127) Hydropower/Dams. Hydroelectric power stations, dams, spillways, and flood control systems.
(cid:127) Solar. Solar photovoltaic projects and environmental permitting services.

Our Construction Services Segment
Through our CS segment, we provide construction, program and construction management services,
including  building  construction  and  energy,  infrastructure  and  industrial  construction,  primarily  in  the
Americas.

4

We provide the services in our CS segment both directly and through joint ventures or similar partner

arrangements, to the following end markets and business sectors:

Building. We  provide  construction,  program  and  construction  management  services  for  large  scale

building and facility construction projects around the world including:

(cid:127) Sports arenas;
(cid:127) Modern office and residential towers;
(cid:127) Hotel and gaming facilities;
(cid:127) Meeting and exhibition spaces;
(cid:127) Performance venues;
(cid:127) Education facilities;
(cid:127) Mass transit terminals; and
(cid:127) Data centers.

Energy. We plan, design, engineer, construct, retrofit and maintain a wide range of power-generating
facilities,  as  well  as  the  systems  that  transmit  and  distribute  electricity.  We  provide  these  services  to
utilities,  industrial  co-generators,  independent  power  producers,  original  equipment  manufacturers  and
government utilities including:

(cid:127) Fossil fuel power generating facilities;
(cid:127) Nuclear power generating facilities and decommissioning;
(cid:127) Hydroelectric power generating facilities;
(cid:127) Alternative  and  renewable  energy  sources,  including  biomass,  geothermal,  solar  energy  and  wind

systems;

(cid:127) Transmission and distribution systems; and
(cid:127) Emissions control systems.
We  also  provide  a  wide  range  of  planning,  design,  engineering,  construction,  production,  and
operations and maintenance services across the oil and gas upstream, midstream and downstream supply
chain.  For  downstream  refining  and  processing  operations,  we  design  and  construct  gas  treatment  and
processing, refining and petrochemical facilities, and provide asset management and maintenance services
for oil sands production facilities, oil refineries and related chemical, energy, power and processing plants.
For  oil  and  gas  production,  we  provide  construction,  fabrication  and  installation,  commissioning  and
maintenance services for field production facilities, equipment and process modules, site infrastructure and
off-site support facilities including:

(cid:127) Construction of access roads and well pads, and field production facilities;
(cid:127) Pipeline planning, design, construction, installation, maintenance and repair; and
(cid:127) Equipment and process module fabrication, installation and maintenance.

Infrastructure  and  Industrial. We  provide  construction,  design-build  program  and  construction
management  services  for  large  scale  infrastructure  projects  around  the  world  including  design-build
services. We also provide a wide range of engineering, procurement and construction services for industrial

5

and process facilities and the expansion, modification and upgrade of existing facilities. We provide these
services to local, state, federal and national governments as well as corporations including:

(cid:127) Highways, bridges, airports, rail and other transit projects;
(cid:127) Maritime and terminal facilities;
(cid:127) Dams, water and waste water projects;
(cid:127) Industrial production facilities; and
(cid:127) Mines and mining facilities.

Our Management Services Segment
Through our MS segment, we are a major contractor to the U.S. federal government and we serve a
wide  variety  of  government  departments  and  agencies,  including  the  Department  of  Defense,  the
Department of Energy (DOE) and other U.S. federal agencies. We also serve departments and agencies of
other national governments, such as the U.K. Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) and the U.K.
Ministry  of  Defense.  Our  services  range  from  program  and  facilities  management,  environmental
management,  training,  logistics,  consulting,  systems  engineering  and  technical  assistance,  and  systems
integration and information technology.

We provide a wide array of classified and unclassified services in our MS segment, both directly and

through joint ventures or similar partner arrangements, including:

(cid:127) Operation and maintenance of complex government installations, including military bases and test

ranges;

(cid:127) Network  and  communications  engineering,  software  engineering,  IT  infrastructure  design  and

implementation, cyber defense and cloud computing technologies;

(cid:127) Deactivation, decommissioning and disposal of nuclear and high hazard waste;
(cid:127) Management and operations and maintenance services for complex DOE and NDA programs and

facilities;

(cid:127) Testing and development of new components and platforms, as well as engineering and technical

support for the modernization of aging weapon systems;

(cid:127) Logistics  support  for  government  supply  and  distribution  networks,  including  warehousing,

packaging, delivery and traffic management;

(cid:127) Acquisition support for new weapons platforms;
(cid:127) Maintenance planning to extend the service life of weapons systems and other military equipment;
(cid:127) Maintenance, modification and overhaul of military aircraft and ground vehicles;
(cid:127) Safety analyses for high-hazard facilities and licensing for DOE sites;
(cid:127) Threat  assessments  of  public  facilities  and  the  development  of  force  protection  and  security

systems;

(cid:127) Planning and conducting emergency preparedness exercises;
(cid:127) First responder training for the military and other government agencies;
(cid:127) Management  and  operations  and  maintenance  of  chemical  agent  and  chemical  weapon  disposal

facilities;

6

(cid:127) Installation of monitoring technology to detect the movement of nuclear and radiological materials

across national borders;

(cid:127) Planning,  design  and  construction  of  aircraft  hangars,  barracks,  military  hospitals  and  other

government buildings; and

(cid:127) Environmental  remediation  and  restoration  for  the  redevelopment  of  military  bases  and  other
including  commercial  reactor  deactivation  and

installations, 

government  and  commercial 
demolition.

Our AECOM Capital Segment
ACAP was formed in 2013 and invests in and develops real estate, public-private partnership (P3) and
infrastructure projects. ACAP typically partners with investors and experienced developers as co-general
partners.  ACAP  may,  but  is  not  required  to,  enter  into  contracts  with  our  other  AECOM  affiliates  to
provide  design,  engineering,  construction  management,  development  and  operations  and  maintenance
services  for  ACAP  funded  projects.  ACAP  development  activity  is  conducted  through  joint  ventures  or
subsidiaries that may be consolidated or unconsolidated for financial reporting purposes depending on the
extent  and  nature  of  our  ownership  interest.  In  addition,  in  connection  with  the  investment  activities  of
ACAP,  AECOM  provides  guarantees  of  certain  obligations,  including  guarantees  for  completion  of
projects, repayment of debt, environmental indemnity obligations and other lender required guarantees.
ACAP  manages  a  diverse  portfolio  that  includes  numerous  active  investments  and  $250  million  of
committed  capital.  In  the  fourth  quarter  of  our  fiscal  year  2018,  we  partnered  with  Canyon  Partners  to
form a joint registered investment advisor focused on investing in co-general partner equity opportunities
in development and value-add commercial real estate projects in the United States.

Our Clients

Our  clients  consist  primarily  of  national,  state,  regional  and  local  governments,  public  and  private
institutions and major corporations. The following table sets forth our total revenue attributable to these
categories of clients for each of the periods indicated:

Year Ended September 30,

($ in millions)

2018

2017

2016

U.S. Federal Government

DCS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
MS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Subtotal U.S. Federal Government
. . . . . . . . .
U.S. State and Local Governments . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-U.S. Governments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Subtotal Governments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Private Entities (worldwide) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

957.5
293.4
3,424.3
4,675.2
3,750.7
2,200.6
10,626.5
9,529.0
$20,155.5

5% $
687.7
1
138.4
17
3,122.3
23
3,948.4
19
2,808.1
11
1,980.4
53
8,736.9
47
9,466.5
100% $18,203.4

4% $
704.4
1
239.1
17
3,032.8
22
3,976.3
15
2,598.0
11
1,641.5
48
8,215.8
52
9,195.0
100% $17,410.8

4%
1
18
23
15
9
47
53
100%

Other than the U.S. federal government, no single client accounted for 10% or more of our revenue in
any of the past five fiscal years. Approximately 23%, 22% and 23% of our revenue was derived through
direct contracts with agencies of the U.S. federal government in the years ended September 30, 2018, 2017
and 2016, respectively. One of these contracts accounted for approximately 2%, 3% and 3% of our revenue
in  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016,  respectively.  The  work  attributed  to  the  U.S.

7

federal  government  includes  our  work  for  the  Department  of  Defense,  Department  of  Energy,
Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security.

Contracts

The  price  provisions  of  the  contracts  we  undertake  can  be  grouped  into  several  broad  categories:

cost-reimbursable contracts, guaranteed maximum price contracts, and fixed-price contracts.

Cost-Reimbursable Contracts
Cost-reimbursable contracts consist of two similar contract types: (1) cost-plus contracts and (2) time

and material price contracts.

Cost-Plus Contracts. We enter into two major types of cost-plus contracts:

Cost-Plus  Fixed  Fee. Under  cost-plus  fixed  fee  contracts,  we  charge  clients  for  our  costs,  including
both direct and indirect costs, plus a fixed negotiated fee. The total estimated cost plus the fixed negotiated
fee represents the total contract value. We recognize revenue based on the actual labor and other direct
costs incurred, plus the portion of the fixed fee earned to date.

Cost-Plus  Fixed  Rate. Under  cost-plus  fixed  rate  contracts,  we  charge  clients  for  our  direct  and
indirect costs based upon a negotiated rate. We recognize revenue based on the actual total costs expended
and the applicable fixed rate.

Some cost-plus contracts provide for award fees or a penalty based on performance criteria in lieu of a
fixed fee or fixed rate. Other contracts include a base fee component plus a performance-based award fee.
In addition, we may share award fees with subcontractors. We record accruals for fee-sharing as fees are
earned.  We  generally  recognize  revenue  to  the  extent  of  costs  actually  incurred  plus  a  proportionate
amount of the fee expected to be earned. We take the award fee or penalty on contracts into consideration
when  estimating  revenue  and  profit  rates,  and  record  revenue  related  to  the  award  fees  when  there  is
sufficient information to assess anticipated contract performance. On contracts that represent higher than
normal risk or technical difficulty, we may defer all award fees until an award fee letter is received. Once
an award fee letter is received, the estimated or accrued fees are adjusted to the actual award amount.
Some  cost-plus  contracts  provide  for  incentive  fees  based  on  performance  against  contractual
milestones. The amount of the incentive fees varies, depending on whether we achieve above, at, or below
target  results.  We  originally  recognize  revenue  on  these  contracts  based  upon  expected  results.  These
estimates  are  revised  when  necessary  based  upon  additional  information  that  becomes  available  as  the
contract progresses.

Time  and  Material  Price  Contracts. Time  and  material  contracts  are  common  for  smaller  scale
engineering and consulting services. Under these types of contracts, we negotiate hourly billing rates and
charge  our  clients  based  upon  actual  hours  expended  on  a  project.  Unlike  cost-plus  contracts,  however,
there is no predetermined fee. In addition, any direct project expenditures are passed through to the client
and are reimbursed. These contracts may also have a fixed-price element in the form of not-to-exceed or
guaranteed maximum price provisions.

Guaranteed Maximum Price Contracts
Guaranteed  maximum  price  contracts  (GMP)  are  common  for  design-build  and  commercial  and
residential projects. GMP contracts share many of the same contract provisions as cost-plus and fixed-price
contracts. A contractor performing work pursuant to a cost-plus, GMP or fixed-price contract will enter
into trade contracts directly. Both cost-plus and GMP contracts generally include an agreed lump sum or
percentage fee which is called out and separately identified and the contracts are considered ‘open’ book
providing the owner with full disclosure of the project costs. A fixed-price contract provides the owner with

8

a single lump sum amount without specifically identifying the breakdown of fee or costs and is typically
‘closed’  book  thereby  providing  the  owner  with  little  detail  as  to  the  project  costs.  In  a  GMP  contract,
unlike the cost-plus contract, we provide the owner with a guaranteed price for the overall construction
(adjusted for change orders issued by the owner) and with a schedule which includes a completion date for
the project. In addition, cost overruns in a GMP contract would generally be our responsibility and in the
event our actions or inactions result in delays to the project, we may be responsible to the owner for costs
associated with such delay. For many of our commercial and residential GMP contracts, the final price is
generally  not  established  until  we  have  awarded  a  substantial  percentage  of  the  trade  contracts  and  we
have  negotiated  additional  contractual  limitations,  such  as  mutual  waivers  of  consequential  damages  as
well as aggregate caps on liabilities and liquidated damages.

Fixed-Price Contracts
There are typically two types of fixed-price contracts. Lump sum contracts involve performing all of
the work under the contract for a specified lump sum fee and are typically subject to price adjustments if
the  scope  of  the  project  changes  or  unforeseen  conditions  arise.  In  such  cases,  we  will  submit  formal
requests for adjustment of the lump sum via formal change orders or contract amendments. The second
type,  fixed-unit  price,  involves  performing  an  estimated  number  of  units  of  work  at  an  agreed  price  per
unit, with the total payment under the contract determined by the actual number of units delivered.

Our fixed-price contracts are typically negotiated and arise in the design or construction of a project
with a specified scope rather than hard bid where the client primarily selects the lowest qualified bidder.
Fixed-price  contracts  often  arise  in  the  areas  of  construction  management  and  design-build  services.
Construction management services are typically in the form of general administrative oversight (in which
we do not assume responsibility for construction means and methods). Under our design-build projects, we
are typically responsible for the design or construction of a project with the fixed contract price negotiated
after  we  have  had  the  opportunity  to  secure  specific  bids  from  various  subcontractors  including  a
contingency fee. We may use our own design or a third party design.

Some of our fixed-price contracts require us to provide surety bonds or parent company guarantees to
assure  our  clients  that  their  project  will  be  completed  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  contracts  as
further disclosed in Note 18—Commitments and Contingencies. In such cases, we may require our primary
subcontractors to provide similar performance bonds and guarantees and to be adequately insured, and we
may flow down the terms and conditions set forth in our agreement on to our subcontractors. There may
be  risks  associated  with  completing  these  projects  profitably  if  we  are  not  able  to  perform  our  services
within the fixed-price contract terms.

For  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018,  our  revenue  was  comprised  of  47%,  23%,  and  30%

cost-reimbursable, guaranteed maximum price, and fixed-price contracts, respectively.

Joint Ventures
Some of our larger contracts may operate under joint ventures or other arrangements under which we
team with other reputable companies, typically companies with which we have worked for many years. This
is often done where the scale of the project dictates such an arrangement or when we want to strengthen
either our market position or our technical skills.

Backlog

Backlog represents revenue we expect to realize for work completed by our consolidated subsidiaries
and  our  proportionate  share  of  work  to  be  performed  by  unconsolidated  joint  ventures.  Backlog  is
expressed in terms of gross revenue and therefore may include significant estimated amounts of third party
or  pass-through  costs  to  subcontractors  and  other  parties.  Backlog  for  our  consolidated  subsidiaries  is
comprised of contracted backlog and awarded backlog. Our contracted backlog includes revenue we expect

9

to record in the future from signed contracts, and in the case of a public client, where the project has been
funded.  Our  awarded  backlog  includes  revenue  we  expect  to  record  in  the  future  where  we  have  been
awarded  the  work,  but  the  contractual  agreement  has  not  yet  been  signed.  The  net  results  of  our
unconsolidated  joint  ventures  are  recognized  as  equity  earnings,  and  awarded  and  contracted  backlog
representing  our  proportionate  share  of  work  to  be  performed  by  unconsolidated  joint  ventures  is  not
presented as revenue in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. For non-government contracts, our
backlog includes future revenue at contract rates, excluding contract renewals or extensions that are at the
discretion  of  the  client.  For  contracts  with  a  not-to-exceed  maximum  amount,  we  include  revenue  from
such contracts in backlog to the extent of the remaining estimated amount. We calculate backlog without
regard  to  possible  project  reductions  or  expansions  or  potential  cancellations  until  such  changes  or
cancellations  occur.  No  assurance  can  be  given  that  we  will  ultimately  realize  our  full  backlog.  Backlog
fluctuates due to the timing of when contracts are awarded and contracted and when contract revenue is
recognized. Many of our contracts require us to provide services over more than one year. Our backlog for
the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  increased  $6.6  billion,  or  13.9%,  to  $54.1  billion  as  compared  to
$47.5 billion for the corresponding period last year, primarily due to the increase in our MS segment.

The following summarizes contracted and awarded backlog (in billions):

Contracted backlog:

DCS segment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CS segment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
MS segment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total contracted backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Awarded backlog:

DCS segment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CS segment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
MS segment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total awarded backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Unconsolidated joint venture backlog:

CS segment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
MS segment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total unconsolidated joint venture backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total backlog:

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
DCS segment
CS segment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
MS segment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

September 30,
2018
2017

$ 9.2
9.3
3.4
$21.9

$ 7.5
7.2
14.5
$29.2

$ 2.0
1.0
$ 3.0

$16.7
18.5
18.9
$54.1

$ 8.8
12.3
3.1
$24.2

$ 7.3
4.0
8.7
$20.0

$ 2.3
1.0
$ 3.3

$16.1
18.6
12.8
$47.5

Competition

The  markets  we  serve  are  highly  fragmented  and  we  compete  with  a  large  number  of  regional,
national and international companies. We have numerous competitors, ranging from small private firms to
multi-billion dollar companies, some of which have greater financial resources or that are more specialized
and  concentrate  their  resources  in  particular  areas  of  expertise.  The  extent  of  our  competition  varies
according to the particular markets and geographic area. The degree and type of competition we face is
also influenced by the type and scope of a particular project. The technical and professional aspects of our

10

services generally do not require large upfront capital expenditures and, therefore, provide limited barriers
against new competitors.

We believe that we are well positioned to compete in our markets because of our reputation, our cost
effectiveness, our long-term client relationships, our extensive network of offices, our employee expertise,
and  our  broad  range  of  services.  In  addition,  as  a  result  of  our  extensive  national  and  international
network, we are able to offer our clients localized knowledge and expertise, as well as the support of our
worldwide professional staff.

Seasonality

We experience seasonal trends in our business. Our revenue is typically higher in the last half of the
fiscal year. The fourth quarter of our fiscal year (July 1 to September 30) is typically our strongest quarter.
We find that the U.S. federal government tends to authorize more work during the period preceding the
end of our fiscal year, September 30. In addition, many U.S. state governments with fiscal years ending on
June  30  tend  to  accelerate  spending  during  their  first  quarter,  when  new  funding  becomes  available.
Further, our construction management revenue typically increases during the high construction season of
the summer months. Within the United States, as well as other parts of the world, our business generally
benefits from milder weather conditions in our fiscal fourth quarter, which allows for more productivity
from  our  on-site  civil  services.  Our  construction  and  project  management  services  also  typically  expand
during the high construction season of the summer months. The first quarter of our fiscal year (October 1
to  December  31)  is  typically  our  weakest  quarter.  The  harsher  weather  conditions  impact  our  ability  to
complete work in parts of North America and the holiday season schedule affects our productivity during
this period. For these reasons, coupled with the number and significance of client contracts commenced
and  completed  during  a  particular  period,  as  well  as  the  timing  of  expenses  incurred  for  corporate
initiatives, it is not unusual for us to experience seasonal changes or fluctuations in our quarterly operating
results.

Risk Management and Insurance

Risk management is an integral part of our project management approach and our project execution
process.  We  have  an  Office  of  Risk  Management  that  reviews  and  oversees  the  risk  profile  of  our
operations. Also, pursuant to our internal delegations of authority, we have an internal process whereby a
group  of  senior  members  of  our  risk  management  team  evaluate  risk  through  internal  risk  analyses  of
higher-risk  projects,  contracts  or  other  business  decisions.  We  maintain  insurance  covering  professional
liability  and  claims  involving  bodily  injury  and  property  damage.  Wherever  possible,  we  endeavor  to
eliminate  or  reduce  the  risk  of  loss  on  a  project  through  the  use  of  quality  assurance/control,  risk
management, workplace safety and similar methods.

Regulations

Our business is impacted by environmental, health and safety, government procurement, anti-bribery
and  other  government  regulations  and  requirements.  Below  is  a  summary  of  some  of  the  significant
regulations that impact our business.

Environmental, Health and Safety. Our business involves the planning, design, program management,
construction  and  construction  management,  and  operations  and  maintenance  at  various  project  sites,
including but not limited to pollution control systems, nuclear facilities, hazardous waste and Superfund
sites,  contract  mining  sites,  hydrocarbon  production,  distribution  and  transport  sites,  military  bases  and
other  infrastructure-related  facilities.  We  also  regularly  perform  work,  including  oil  field  and  pipeline
construction services in and around sensitive environmental areas, such as rivers, lakes and wetlands. In
addition, we have contracts with U.S. federal government entities to destroy hazardous materials, including
chemical agents and weapons stockpiles, as well as to decontaminate and decommission nuclear facilities.

11

These  activities  may  require  us  to  manage,  handle,  remove,  treat,  transport  and  dispose  of  toxic  or
hazardous substances.

Significant  fines,  penalties  and  other  sanctions  may  be 

imposed  for  non-compliance  with
environmental  and  health  and  safety  laws  and  regulations,  and  some  laws  provide  for  joint  and  several
strict  liabilities  for  remediation  of  releases  of  hazardous  substances,  rendering  a  person  liable  for
environmental damage, without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such person. These laws and
regulations  may  expose  us  to  liability  arising  out  of  the  conduct  of  operations  or  conditions  caused  by
others,  or  for  our  acts  that  were  in  compliance  with  all  applicable  laws  at  the  time  these  acts  were
performed.  For  example,  there  are  a  number  of  governmental  laws  that  strictly  regulate  the  handling,
removal,  treatment,  transportation  and  disposal  of  toxic  and  hazardous  substances,  such  as  the
Comprehensive  Environmental  Response  Compensation  and  Liability  Act  of  1980,  and  comparable
national and state laws, that impose strict, joint and several liabilities for the entire cost of cleanup, without
regard to whether a company knew of or caused the release of hazardous substances. In addition, some
environmental regulations can impose liability for the entire clean-up upon owners, operators, generators,
transporters  and  other  persons  arranging  for  the  treatment  or  disposal  of  such  hazardous  substances
related  to  contaminated  facilities  or  project  sites.  Other  federal  environmental,  health  and  safety  laws
affecting  us  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  the  Resource  Conservation  and  Recovery  Act,  the  National
Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Air Mercury Rule, the Occupational Safety and
Health Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act,
as well as other comparable national and state laws. Liabilities related to environmental contamination or
human exposure to hazardous substances, comparable national and state laws or a failure to comply with
applicable  regulations  could  result  in  substantial  costs  to  us,  including  cleanup  costs,  fines  and  civil  or
criminal sanctions, third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, or cessation of remediation
activities.

Some  of  our  business  operations  are  covered  by  Public  Law  85-804,  which  provides  for
indemnification  by  the  U.S  federal  government  against  claims  and  damages  arising  out  of  unusually
hazardous  or  nuclear  activities  performed  at  the  request  of  the  U.S.  federal  government.  Should  public
policies and laws change, however, U.S. federal government indemnification may not be available in the
case of any future claims or liabilities relating to hazardous activities that we undertake to perform.

Government  Procurement. The  services  we  provide  to  the  U.S.  federal  government  are  subject  to
Federal  Acquisition  Regulation,  the  Truth  in  Negotiations  Act,  Cost  Accounting  Standards,  the  Services
Contract  Act,  export  controls  rules  and  Department  of  Defense  (DOD)  security  regulations,  as  well  as
many  other  laws  and  regulations.  These  laws  and  regulations  affect  how  we  transact  business  with  our
clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. A violation of specific
laws  and  regulations  could  lead  to  fines,  contract  termination  or  suspension  of  future  contracts.  Our
government  clients  can  also  terminate,  renegotiate,  or  modify  any  of  their  contracts  with  us  at  their
convenience; and many of our government contracts are subject to renewal or extension annually.

Anti-Bribery  and  other  regulations. We  are  subject  to  the  U.S.  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act  and
similar  anti-bribery  laws,  which  generally  prohibit  companies  and  their  intermediaries  from  making
improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The
U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both
private and public sectors. In addition, an organization that ‘‘fails to prevent bribery’’ committed by anyone
associated with the organization can be charged under the U.K. Bribery Act unless the organization can
establish the defense of having implemented ‘‘adequate procedures’’ to prevent bribery. To the extent we
export technical services, data and products outside of the U.S., we are subject to U.S. and international
laws  and  regulations  governing  international  trade  and  exports,  including  but  not  limited  to  the
International  Traffic  in  Arms  Regulations,  the  Export  Administration  Regulations  and  trade  sanctions
against  embargoed  countries.  We  provide  services  to  the  DOD  and  other  defense-related  entities  that
often  require  specialized  professional  qualifications  and  security  clearances.  In  addition,  as  engineering

12

design services professionals, we are subject to a variety of local, state, federal and foreign licensing and
permit requirements and ethics rules.

Personnel

Our  principal  asset  is  our  employees  and  large  percentages  of  our  employees  have  technical  and
professional backgrounds and undergraduate and/or advanced degrees. At the end of our fiscal 2018, we
employed  approximately  87,000  persons,  of  whom  approximately  44,000  were  employed  in  the  United
States.  Over  10,000  of  our  domestic  employees  are  covered  by  collective  bargaining  agreements  or  by
specific labor agreements, which expire upon completion of the relevant project.

Raw Materials

We  purchase  most  of  the  raw  materials  and  components  necessary  to  operate  our  business  from
numerous  sources.  However,  the  price  and  availability  of  raw  materials  and  components  may  vary  from
year  to  year  due  to  customer  demand,  production  capacity,  market  conditions  and  material  shortages.
While we do not currently foresee the lack of availability of any particular raw materials in the near term,
prolonged  unavailability  of  raw  materials  necessary  to  our  projects  and  services  or  significant  price
increases for those raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business in the near term.

Government Contracts

Generally,  our  government  contracts  are  subject  to  renegotiation  or  termination  of  contracts  or
subcontracts at the discretion of the U.S. federal, state or local governments, and national governments of
other countries.

Trade Secrets and Other Intellectual Property

We  rely  principally  on  trade  secrets,  confidentiality  policies  and  other  contractual  arrangements  to

protect much of our intellectual property.

Available Information

The  reports  we  file  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  including  annual  reports  on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy materials, including
any  amendments,  are  available  free  of  charge  on  our  website  at  www.aecom.com  as  soon  as  reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to the SEC. The SEC also maintains
a web site (www.sec.gov) containing reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that
we file with the SEC. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Ethics are available on our
website at www.aecom.com under the ‘‘Investors’’ section. Copies of the information identified above may
be  obtained  without  charge  from  us  by  writing  to  AECOM,  1999  Avenue  of  the  Stars,  Suite  2600,  Los
Angeles, California 90067, Attention: Corporate Secretary.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

We  operate  in  a  changing  environment  that  involves  numerous  known  and  unknown  risks  and
uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our operations. The risks described below highlight some of
the factors that have affected, and in the future could affect our operations. Additional risks we do not yet know
of  or  that  we  currently  think  are  immaterial  may  also  affect  our  business  operations.  If  any  of  the  events  or
circumstances  described  in  the  following  risks  actually  occurs,  our  business,  financial  condition  or  results  of
operations could be materially adversely affected.

13

Demand  for  our  services  is  cyclical  and  may  be  vulnerable  to  sudden  economic  downturns  and  reductions  in
government and private industry spending. If economic conditions remain uncertain and/or weaken, our revenue
and profitability could be adversely affected.

Demand  for  our  services  is  cyclical  and  may  be  vulnerable  to  sudden  economic  downturns,  interest
rate fluctuations and reductions in government and private industry spending that result in clients delaying,
curtailing  or  canceling  proposed  and  existing  projects.  For  example,  commodity  price  volatility  has
previously  impacted  our  oil  and  gas  business  and  business  regions  whose  economies  are  substantially
dependent on commodities prices such as the Middle East and has also impacted North American oil and
gas clients’ investment decisions.

In  March  2018,  President  Trump  signed  proclamations  to  impose  tariffs  on  steel  and  aluminum
imports per the US Trade Expansion Act of 1962 increasing the price for steel and aluminum in the United
States which could impact client spending. Where economies are weakening, our clients may demand more
favorable pricing or other terms while their ability to pay our invoices or to pay them in a timely manner
may  be  adversely  affected.  Our  government  clients  may  face  budget  deficits  that  prohibit  them  from
funding  proposed  and  existing  projects.  If  economic  conditions  remain  uncertain  and/or  weaken  and/or
government spending is reduced, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected.

We depend on long-term government contracts, some of which are only funded on an annual basis. If appropriations
for funding are not made in subsequent years of a multiple-year contract, we may not be able to realize all of our
anticipated revenue and profits from that project.

A  substantial  portion  of  our  revenue  is  derived  from  contracts  with  agencies  and  departments  of
national,  state  and  local  governments.  During  fiscal  2018  and  2017,  approximately  53%  and  48%,
respectively, of our revenue was derived from contracts with government entities.

Most government contracts are subject to the government’s budgetary approval process. Legislatures
typically appropriate funds for a given program on a year-by-year basis, even though contract performance
may  take  more  than  one  year.  In  addition,  public-supported  financing  such  as  state  and  local  municipal
bonds may be only partially raised to support existing infrastructure projects. As a result, at the beginning
of a program, the related contract is only partially funded, and additional funding is normally committed
only as appropriations are made in each fiscal year. These appropriations, and the timing of payment of
appropriated  amounts,  may  be  influenced  by,  among  other  things,  the  state  of  the  economy,  competing
priorities for appropriation, changes in administration or control of legislatures and the timing and amount
of  tax  receipts  and  the  overall  level  of  government  expenditures.  Similarly,  the  impact  of  an  economic
downturn  on  state  and  local  governments  may  make  it  more  difficult  for  them  to  fund  infrastructure
projects. If appropriations are not made in subsequent years on our government contracts, then we will not
realize all of our potential revenue and profit from that contract.

If we are unable to win or renew government contracts during regulated procurement processes, our operations and
financial results would be harmed.

Government  contracts  are  awarded  through  a  regulated  procurement  process.  The  federal
government has awarded multi-year contracts with pre-established terms and conditions, such as indefinite
delivery  contracts,  that  generally  require  those  contractors  that  have  previously  been  awarded  the
indefinite delivery contract to engage in an additional competitive bidding process before a task order is
issued.  In  addition,  the  federal  government  has  also  awarded  federal  contracts  based  on  a  low-price,
technically acceptable criteria emphasizing price over qualitative factors, such as past performance. As a
result of these competitive pricing pressures, our profit margins on future federal contracts may be reduced
and may require us to make sustained efforts to reduce costs in order to realize revenues and profits under
government contracts. If we are not successful in reducing the amount of costs we incur, our profitability
on  government  contracts  will  be  negatively  impacted.  In  addition,  we  may  not  be  awarded  government

14

contracts  because  of  existing  government  policies  designed  to  protect  small  businesses  and  under-
represented  minority  contractors.  Our  inability  to  win  or  renew  government  contracts  during  regulated
procurement processes could harm our operations and reduce our profits and revenues.

Governmental agencies may modify, curtail or terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if
we do not replace them, we may suffer a decline in revenue.

Most government contracts may be modified, curtailed or terminated by the government either at its
discretion or upon the default of the contractor. If the government terminates a contract at its discretion,
then we typically are able to recover only costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on
work completed prior to termination, which could prevent us from recognizing all of our potential revenue
and  profits  from  that  contract.  In  addition,  for  some  assignments,  the  U.S.  government  may  attempt  to
‘‘insource’’ the services to government employees rather than outsource to a contractor. If a government
terminates a contract due to our default, we could be liable for excess costs incurred by the government in
obtaining services from another source.

Our contracts with governmental agencies are subject to audit, which could result in adjustments to reimbursable
contract  costs  or,  if  we  are  charged  with  wrongdoing,  possible  temporary  or  permanent  suspension  from
participating in government programs.

Our books and records are subject to audit by the various governmental agencies we serve and their
representatives.  These  audits  can  result  in  adjustments  to  the  amount  of  contract  costs  we  believe  are
reimbursable  by  the  agencies  and  the  amount  of  our  overhead  costs  allocated  to  the  agencies.  If  such
matters  are  not  resolved  in  our  favor,  they  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business.  In
addition, if one of our subsidiaries is charged with wrongdoing as a result of an audit, that subsidiary, and
possibly our company as a whole, could be temporarily suspended or could be prohibited from bidding on
and receiving future government contracts for a period of time. Furthermore, as a government contractor,
we are subject to an increased risk of investigations, criminal prosecution, civil fraud actions, whistleblower
lawsuits and other legal actions and liabilities to which purely private sector companies are not, the results
of  which  could  materially  adversely  impact  our  business.  For  example,  a  qui  tam  lawsuit  related  to  our
affiliate, URS Energy and Construction, was unsealed in 2016. Qui tam lawsuits typically allege that we
have made false statements or certifications in connection with claims for payment, or improperly retained
overpayments, from the government. These suits may remain under seal (and hence, be unknown to us) for
some time while the government decides whether to intervene on behalf of the qui tam plaintiff.

We have not completed our accounting for the tax effects of the United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act legislation and
the final impact of this new tax legislation on our reported results may differ materially from our current estimates.
During the first quarter of 2018, President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act legislation into law
(Tax  Act).  We  have  not  completed  our  accounting  for  the  tax  effects  of  the  Tax  Act.  We  have  made  a
reasonable estimate of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax. We
have not completed our assessment of the Tax Act on our plans to indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings
and as such have not changed our prior conclusion that the earnings are indefinitely invested. The final
impact  of  the  Tax  Act  on  our  reported  results  in  fiscal  2018  and  beyond  may  differ  from  the  estimates
provided in this periodic report, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations
and assumptions we have made, future guidance that may be issued, and other actions we may take as a
result of the Tax Act that are different from that presently contemplated.

Our substantial leverage and significant debt service obligations could adversely affect our financial condition and
our ability to fulfill our obligations and operate our business.

We  had  approximately  $3.7  billion  of 

indebtedness)
outstanding  as  of  September  30,  2018,  of  which  $1.6  billion  was  secured  obligations  (exclusive  of

indebtedness  (excluding 

intercompany 

15

$28.7 million of outstanding undrawn letters of credit) and we have an additional $1.3 billion of availability
under  our  Credit  Agreement  (after  giving  effect  to  outstanding  letters  of  credit),  all  of  which  would  be
secured debt, if drawn. Our financial performance could be adversely affected by our substantial leverage.
We may also incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, subject to various conditions.

This high level of indebtedness could have important negative consequences to us, including, but not

limited to:

(cid:127) we may have difficulty satisfying our obligations with respect to outstanding debt obligations;
(cid:127) we  may  have  difficulty  obtaining  financing  in  the  future  for  working  capital,  acquisitions,  capital

expenditures or other purposes;

(cid:127) we may need to use all, or a substantial portion, of our available excess cash flow to pay interest and
principal on our debt, which will reduce the amount of money available to finance our operations
and  other  business  activities,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  working  capital  requirements,
acquisitions, capital expenditures or other general corporate or business activities;

(cid:127) our  debt  level  increases  our  vulnerability  to  general  economic  downturns  and  adverse  industry

conditions;

(cid:127) our debt level could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and

in our industry in general;

(cid:127) our substantial amount of debt and the amount we must pay to service our debt obligations could

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt;

(cid:127) we may have increased borrowing costs;
(cid:127) our clients, surety providers or insurance carriers may react adversely to our significant debt level;
(cid:127) we  may  have  insufficient  funds,  and  our  debt  level  may  also  restrict  us  from  raising  the  funds
necessary,  to  retire  our  debt  instruments  tendered  to  us  upon  maturity  of  our  debt  or  the
occurrence  of  a  change  of  control,  which  would  constitute  an  event  of  default  under  our  debt
instruments; and

(cid:127) our  failure  to  comply  with  the  financial  and  other  restrictive  covenants  in  our  debt  instruments
which, among other things, require us to maintain specified financial ratios and limit our ability to
incur debt and sell assets, could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could have
a material adverse effect on our business or prospects.

Our  high  level  of  indebtedness  requires  that  we  use  a  substantial  portion  of  our  cash  flow  from
operations to pay principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, which will reduce the availability of cash
to fund working capital requirements, future acquisitions, capital expenditures or other general corporate
or business activities.

In addition, a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable rates, including borrowings under
our Credit Agreement. If market interest rates increase, debt service on our variable-rate debt will rise,
which could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial position. Although we may
employ hedging strategies such that a portion of the aggregate principal amount of our term loans carries a
fixed rate of interest, any hedging arrangement put in place may not offer complete protection from this
risk. Additionally, the remaining portion of borrowings under our Credit Agreement that is not hedged will
be subject to changes in interest rates.

16

The agreements governing our debt contain a number of restrictive covenants which will limit our ability to finance
future operations, acquisitions or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our interest.
The  Credit  Agreement  and  the  indentures  governing  our  debt  contain  a  number  of  significant
covenants that impose operating and other restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. Such restrictions affect
or will affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability and the ability of some
of our subsidiaries to:

(cid:127) incur additional indebtedness;
(cid:127) create liens;
(cid:127) pay dividends and make other distributions in respect of our equity securities;
(cid:127) redeem or repurchase our equity securities;
(cid:127) distribute excess cash flow from foreign to domestic subsidiaries;
(cid:127) make investments or other restricted payments;
(cid:127) sell assets;
(cid:127) enter into transactions with affiliates; and
(cid:127) effect mergers or consolidations.
In addition, our Credit Agreement also requires us to comply with a consolidated interest coverage
ratio  and  consolidated  leverage  ratio.  Our  ability  to  comply  with  these  ratios  may  be  affected  by  events
beyond our control.

These restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet
capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans, and could adversely affect our ability to
finance our operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage
in other business activities that would be in our interest.

A breach of any of these covenants or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios could
result in a default under our debt instruments. If an event of default occurs, our creditors could elect to:
(cid:127) declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately

due and payable;

(cid:127) require us to apply all of our available cash to repay the borrowings; or
(cid:127) prevent us from making debt service payments on our borrowings.
If we were unable to repay or otherwise refinance these borrowings when due, the applicable creditors
could sell the collateral securing some of our debt instruments, which constitutes substantially all of our
domestic and foreign, wholly owned subsidiaries’ assets.

Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to
increase significantly.

Borrowings under our Credit Agreement are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate
risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase
even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash
available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. A 1.00% increase in such interest
rates would increase total interest expense under our Credit Agreement for the year ended September 30,
2018 by $12.2 million, including the effect of our interest rate swaps. We may, from time to time, enter into
additional interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order
to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of

17

our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk
and could be subject to credit risk themselves.

The Budget Control Act of 2011 could significantly reduce U.S. government spending for the services we provide.
Under  the  Budget  Control  Act  of  2011,  an  automatic  sequestration  process,  or  across-the-board
budget  cuts  (half  of  which  were  defense-related),  was  triggered  when  the  Joint  Select  Committee  on
Deficit Reduction, a committee of twelve members of Congress, failed to agree on a deficit reduction plan
for  the  U.S.  federal  budget.  Although  the  Bipartisan  Budget  Act  of  2013,  and  the  subsequent  Balanced
Budget Acts of 2015 and 2018 have provided some sequester relief until the end of fiscal year 2019, the
Budget Control Act of 2011 remains in place, extended through 2027 and absent additional legislative or
other  remedial  action,  the  sequestration  could  require  reduced  U.S.  federal  government  spending  from
fiscal  2020  through  fiscal  2027.  A  significant  reduction  in  federal  government  spending  or  a  change  in
budgetary priorities could reduce demand for our services, cancel or delay federal projects, and result in
the closure of federal facilities and significant personnel reductions, which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our operations worldwide expose us to legal, political and economic risks in different countries as well as currency
exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our business and financial results.

During  fiscal  2018,  revenue  attributable  to  our  services  provided  outside  of  the  United  States  to
non-U.S. clients was approximately 27% of our total revenue. There are risks inherent in doing business
internationally, including:

(cid:127) imposition of governmental controls and changes in laws, regulations or policies;
(cid:127) political and economic instability, such as in the Middle East and Africa;
(cid:127) civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war, or other armed conflict;
(cid:127) changes in U.S. and other national government trade policies affecting the markets for our services;
(cid:127) changes in regulatory practices, tariffs and taxes, such as Brexit;
(cid:127) potential  non-compliance  with  a  wide  variety  of  laws  and  regulations,  including  anti-corruption,

export control and anti-boycott laws and similar non-U.S. laws and regulations;

(cid:127) changes in labor conditions;
(cid:127) logistical and communication challenges; and
(cid:127) currency exchange rate fluctuations, devaluations and other conversion restrictions.
Any  of  these  factors  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  results  of  operations  or

financial condition.

In addition, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Bahrain and Egypt have cut diplomatic
ties and restricted business with Qatar by closing off access to that country with an air, sea and land traffic
embargo.  During  the  economic  embargo,  products  cannot  be  shipped  directly  to  Qatar  from  the  UAE,
Saudi Arabia or Bahrain and financial services may be limited. Our Qatarian business is a significant part
of  our  Middle  East  operations  with  approximately  several  hundred  employees.  The  economic  embargo
may  make  it  difficult  to  complete  ongoing  Qatarian  projects  and  could  reduce  future  demand  for  our
services.

18

We operate in many different jurisdictions and we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws.

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws, including
the  U.K.  Bribery  Act  of  2010,  generally  prohibit  companies  and  their  intermediaries  from  making
improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our internal
policies  mandate  compliance  with  these  anti-corruption  laws,  including  the  requirements  to  maintain
accurate information and internal controls which may fall within the purview of the FCPA, its books and
records  provisions  or  its  anti-bribery  provisions.  We  operate  in  many  parts  of  the  world  that  have
experienced governmental corruption to some degree; and, in some circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-corruption  laws  may  conflict  with  local  customs  and  practices.  Despite  our  training  and  compliance
programs, we cannot assure that our internal control policies and procedures always will protect us from
reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Our continued expansion outside the U.S.,
including in developing countries, could increase the risk of such violations in the future. In addition, from
time to time, government investigations of corruption in construction-related industries affect us and our
peers. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a
material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees
and contractors or material costs to us.

Some  of  our  services  are  performed  in  high-risk  locations,  such  as  the  Middle  East,  Africa,  and
Southwest Asia, where the country or location is suffering from political, social or economic problems, or
war or civil unrest. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may incur material costs
to  maintain  the  safety  of  our  personnel.  Despite  these  precautions,  the  safety  of  our  personnel  in  these
locations may continue to be at risk. Acts of terrorism and threats of armed conflicts in or around various
areas  in  which  we  operate  could  limit  or  disrupt  markets  and  our  operations,  including  disruptions
resulting  from  the  evacuation  of  personnel,  cancellation  of  contracts,  or  the  loss  of  key  employees,
contractors or assets.

Many of our project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites and equipment
could result in environmental disasters, employee deaths or injuries, reduced profitability, the loss of projects or
clients and possible exposure to litigation.

Our project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with mechanized equipment,
moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes, and highly regulated materials. On some project
sites,  we  may  be  responsible  for  safety  and,  accordingly,  we  have  an  obligation  to  implement  effective
safety  procedures.  If  we  fail  to  implement  these  procedures  or  if  the  procedures  we  implement  are
ineffective, we may suffer the loss of or injury to our employees, as well as expose ourselves to possible
litigation.  As  a  result,  our  failure  to  maintain  adequate  safety  standards  and  equipment  could  result  in
reduced  profitability  or  the  loss  of  projects  or  clients,  and  could  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Cybersecurity threats and information technology systems outages could adversely harm our business.

We develop, install and maintain information technology systems for our clients and employees. We
may experience errors, outages, or delays of service in our information technology systems, which could
significantly disrupt our operations, impact our clients and employees, damage our reputation, and result
in  litigation  and  regulatory  fines  or  penalties.  Client  contracts  for  the  performance  of  information
technology services, primarily with the federal government, as well as various privacy and securities laws
pertaining  to  client  and  employee  usage,  require  us  to  manage  and  protect  sensitive  and  proprietary
information.  For  example,  the  European’s  Union  General  Data  Protection  Regulation,  which  became

19

effective  in  May  2018,  extends  the  scope  of  the  European  Union  data  protection  laws  to  all  companies
processing data of European Union residents, regardless of the company’s location.

We  face  threats  to  our  information  technology  systems,  including  unauthorized  access,  computer
hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, cyber-attacks, phishing and other cybersecurity problems and
system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to our and our clients’ proprietary information.
We  rely  on  industry-accepted  security  measures  and  technology  to  securely  maintain  all  proprietary
information  on  our  information  technology  systems.  In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  we  have  been
targeted by malicious cyber-attacks. Anyone who circumvents our security measures could misappropriate
proprietary  information,  including  information  regarding  us,  our  employees  and/or  our  clients,  or  cause
interruptions in our operations. Although we devote significant resources to our cybersecurity programs
and  have  implemented  security  measures  to  protect  our  systems  and  to  prevent,  detect  and  respond  to
cybersecurity  incidents,  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  our  efforts  will  prevent  these  threats.  As  these
security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to devote additional resources to protect, prevent,
detect and respond against system disruptions and security breaches.

We  also  rely  in  part  on  third-party  software  and  information  technology  vendors  to  run  our  critical
accounting,  project  management  and  financial  information  systems.  We  depend  on  our  software  and
information technology vendors to provide long-term software and hardware support for our information
systems.  Our  software  and  information  technology  vendors  may  decide  to  discontinue  further
development,  integration  or  long-term  software  and  hardware  support  for  our  information  systems,  in
which case we may need to abandon one or more of our current information systems and migrate some or
all of our accounting, project management and financial information to other systems, thus increasing our
operational expense, as well as disrupting the management of our business operations.

Any of these events could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, while we maintain insurance, that
specifically cover these attacks, our coverage may not sufficiently cover all types of losses or claims that
may arise.

An impairment charge of goodwill could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations.

Because  we  have  grown  in  part  through  acquisitions,  goodwill  and  intangible  assets-net  represent  a
substantial  portion  of  our  assets.  Under  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  in  the  United  States
(GAAP),  we  are  required  to  test  goodwill  carried  in  our  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  for  possible
impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach and whenever events occur that indicate
impairment could exist. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business
climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting unit’s market value, legal factors, operating
performance  indicators,  competition,  sale  or  disposition  of  a  significant  portion  of  our  business,  a
significant sustained decline in our market capitalization and other factors. For example, in the year ended
September  30,  2018,  we  recorded  an  impairment  of  assets  held  for  sale,  which  included  a  goodwill
impairment  charge  of  $125.4  million  related  to  the  anticipated  disposition  of  non-core  oil  and  gas
businesses.

In addition, if we experience a decrease in our stock price and market capitalization over a sustained
period, we could have to record an impairment charge in the future. The amount of any impairment could
be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations
for the period in which the charge is taken.

20

Our business and operating results could be adversely affected by losses under fixed-price or guaranteed maximum
price contracts.

Fixed-price  contracts  require  us  to  either  perform  all  work  under  the  contract  for  a  specified
lump-sum or to perform an estimated number of units of work at an agreed price per unit, with the total
payment  determined  by  the  actual  number  of  units  performed.  In  addition,  we  may  enter  guaranteed
maximum price contracts where we guarantee a price or delivery date. For the year ended September 30,
2018, our revenue was comprised of 47%, 23%, and 30% cost-reimbursable, guaranteed maximum price,
and fixed-price contracts, respectively. Fixed-price contracts expose us to a number of risks not inherent in
cost-reimbursable contracts, including underestimation of costs, ambiguities in specifications, unforeseen
increases  in  or  failures  in  estimating  the  cost  of  raw  materials,  equipment  or  labor,  problems  with  new
technologies,  delays  beyond  our  control,  fluctuations  in  profit  margins,  failures  of  subcontractors  to
perform  and  economic  or  other  changes  that  may  occur  during  the  contract  period.  In  March  2018,
President  Trump  signed  proclamations  to  impose  tariffs  on  steel  and  aluminum  imports  increasing  the
prices for steel and aluminum in the United States which could affect the profitability of our fixed-price
construction projects. Losses under fixed-price or guaranteed contracts could be substantial and adversely
impact our results of operations.

Our failure to meet contractual schedule or performance requirements that we have guaranteed could adversely
affect our operating results.

In  some  circumstances,  we  can  incur  liquidated  or  other  damages  if  we  do  not  achieve  project
completion by a scheduled date. If we or an entity for which we have provided a guarantee subsequently
fails to complete the project as scheduled and the matter cannot be satisfactorily resolved with the client,
we may be responsible for cost impacts to the client resulting from any delay or the cost to complete the
project.  Our  costs  generally  increase  from  schedule  delays  and/or  could  exceed  our  projections  for  a
particular  project.  In  addition,  project  performance  can  be  affected  by  a  number  of  factors  beyond  our
control,  including  unavoidable  delays  from  governmental  inaction,  public  opposition,  inability  to  obtain
financing, weather conditions, unavailability of vendor materials, changes in the project scope of services
requested by our clients, industrial accidents, environmental hazards, labor disruptions and other factors.
Material performance problems for existing and future contracts could cause actual results of operations to
differ from those anticipated by us and also could cause us to suffer damage to our reputation within our
industry and client base.

We may not be able to maintain adequate surety and financial capacity necessary for us to successfully bid on and
win contracts.

In line with industry practice, we are often required to provide surety bonds, standby letters of credit
or corporate guarantees to our clients that indemnify the customer should our affiliate fail to perform its
obligations under the terms of a contract. As of September 30, 2018 and 2017, we were contingently liable
for $5.3 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively, in issued surety bonds primarily to support project execution
and we had outstanding letters of credit totaling $515.1 million and $503.8 million, respectively. A surety
may issue a performance or payment bond to guarantee to the client that our affiliate will perform under
the terms of a contract. If our affiliate fails to perform under the terms of the contract, then the client may
demand  that  the  surety  or  another  corporate  affiliate  provide  the  contracted  services.  In  addition,  we
would typically have obligations to indemnify the surety for any loss incurred in connection with the bond.
If a surety bond or a letter of credit is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an
appropriate surety bond or letter of credit, we may not be able to pursue that project, which in turn could
have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

21

We conduct a portion of our operations through joint venture entities, over which we may have limited control.
Approximately 15% of our fiscal 2018 revenue was derived from our operations through joint ventures
or similar partnership arrangements, where control may be shared with unaffiliated third parties. As with
most joint venture arrangements, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in
delayed  decisions  or  disputes.  We  also  cannot  control  the  actions  of  our  joint  venture  partners  and  we
typically have joint and several liability with our joint venture partners under the applicable contracts for
joint venture projects. These factors could potentially adversely impact the business and operations of a
joint venture and, in turn, our business and operations.

Operating through joint ventures in which we are minority holders results in us having limited control
over many decisions made with respect to projects and internal controls relating to projects. Sales of our
services provided to our unconsolidated joint ventures were approximately 2% of our fiscal 2018 revenue.
We generally do not have control of these unconsolidated joint ventures. These joint ventures may not be
subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting
that we follow. As a result, internal control problems may arise with respect to these joint ventures, which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could also
affect our reputation in the industries we serve.

We participate in joint ventures where we provide guarantees and may be adversely impacted by the failure of the
joint venture or its participants to fulfill their obligations.

We  have  investments  in  and  commitments  to  joint  ventures  with  unrelated  parties,  including  in
connection  with  construction  services,  government  services,  and  the  investment  activities  of  ACAP.  For
example, real estate and infrastructure joint ventures are inherently risky and may result in future losses
since real estate markets are impacted by economic trends and government policies that we do not control.
These  joint  ventures  from  time  to  time  may  borrow  money  to  help  finance  their  activities  and  in  some
circumstances, we are required to provide guarantees of obligations of our affiliated entities. In addition, in
connection  with  the  investment  activities  of  ACAP,  we  provide  guarantees  of  obligations,  including
guarantees for completion of projects, repayment of debt, environmental indemnity obligations and other
lender required guarantees. If these entities are not able to honor their obligations under the guarantees,
we may be required to expend additional resources or suffer losses, which could be significant.

AECOM Capital’s real estate development and investment activities are inherently risky and may result in a future
loss.

AECOM  Capital’s  real  estate  business  involves  managing,  sponsoring,  investing  and  developing
commercial  real  estate  projects  (Real  Estate  Joint  Ventures)  that  are  inherently  risky  and  may  result  in
future  losses  since  real  estate  markets  are  significantly  impacted  by  economic  trends  and  government
policies that we do not control. Our registered investment adviser jointly manages, sponsors and owns an
equity interest with its co-partner in the AECOM-Canyon Equity Fund, L.P. (the ‘‘Fund’’), which invests
and  develops  Real  Estate  Joint  Ventures  on  behalf  of  its  investors.  Real  Estate  Joint  Ventures  rely  on
substantial amounts of third party borrowing to finance their development activities including completion
guarantees,  repayment  guarantees,  environmental  indemnities  and  other  lender  required  credit  support
guarantees  that  may  be  provided  by  AECOM  or  an  affiliate  to  secure  the  Real  Estate  Joint  Venture
financing. Although the Fund and the Real Estate Venture have reserves that will be used to share Real
Estate Joint Venture cost overruns, if such reserves are depleted, then AECOM may be required to make
support  payments  to  fund  non-budgeted  cost  overruns  on  behalf  of  the  Fund  (but  not  on  behalf  of  the
Fund’s  co-partner  or  any  unaffiliated  Real  Estate  Joint  Venture  limited  partners).  Some  of  the  Fund’s
limited partners may be permitted to make additional equity co-investments in certain Real Estate Joint
Ventures for which AECOM will provide support payments, after additional specific reserves have been
depleted,  on  behalf  of  the  limited  partner  co-investor  in  the  event  of  a  Real  Estate  Joint  Venture  cost
overrun.  AECOM’s  provision  of  lender  guarantees  is  contingent  upon  the  Real  Estate  Joint  Venture

22

meeting  AECOM’s  underwriting  criteria,  including  an  affiliate  of  AECOM  acting  as  either  the
construction manager at risk or the owner’s representative for the project, no material adverse change in
AECOM’s  financial  condition,  and  the  guarantee  not  violating  a  covenant  under  a  material  AECOM
agreement.

Misconduct by our employees, partners or consultants or our failure to comply with laws or regulations applicable to
our business could cause us to lose customers or lose our ability to contract with government agencies.

As a government contractor, misconduct, fraud or other improper activities caused by our employees’,
partners’ or consultants’ failure to comply with laws or regulations could have a significant negative impact
on  our  business  and  reputation.  Such  misconduct  could  include  the  failure  to  comply  with  procurement
regulations,  environmental  regulations,  regulations  regarding  the  protection  of  sensitive  government
information, legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations
on lobbying or similar activities, and anti-corruption, anti-competition, export control and other applicable
laws or regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, misconduct by any of our
employees or consultants or our failure to make timely and accurate certifications to government agencies
regarding misconduct or potential misconduct could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of government
granted  eligibility,  cancellation  of  contracts  and  suspension  or  debarment  from  contracting  with
government agencies, any of which may adversely affect our business.

We may be required to contribute additional cash to meet our significant underfunded benefit obligations associated
with pension benefit plans we manage or multiemployer pension plans in which we participate.

We have defined benefit pension plans for employees in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada,
Australia, and Ireland. At September 30, 2018, our defined benefit pension plans had an aggregate deficit
(the  excess  of  projected  benefit  obligations  over  the  fair  value  of  plan  assets)  of  approximately
$400.5 million. In the future, our pension deficits may increase or decrease depending on changes in the
levels of interest rates, pension plan performance and other factors that may require us to make additional
cash contributions to our pension plans and recognize further increases in our net pension cost to satisfy
our funding requirements. If we are forced or elect to make up all or a portion of the deficit for unfunded
benefit plans, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

A multiemployer pension plan is typically established under a collective bargaining agreement with a
union to cover the union-represented workers of various unrelated companies. Our collective bargaining
agreements with unions will require us to contribute to various multiemployer pension plans; however, we
do  not  control  or  manage  these  plans.  For  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018,  we  contributed
$49.8 million to multiemployer pension plans. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, an
employer who contributes to a multiemployer pension plan, absent an applicable exemption, may also be
liable,  upon  termination  or  withdrawal  from  the  plan,  for  its  proportionate  share  of  the  multiemployer
pension plan’s unfunded vested benefit. If we terminate or withdraw from a multiemployer plan, absent an
applicable  exemption  (such  as  for  some  plans  in  the  building  and  construction  industry),  we  could  be
required  to  contribute  a  significant  amount  of  cash  to  fund  the  multiemployer  plan’s  unfunded  vested
benefit, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results; however, since we do not control
the multiemployer plans, we are unable to estimate any potential contributions that could be required.

23

New legal requirements could adversely affect our operating results.

Our  business  and  results  of  operations  could  be  adversely  affected  by  the  passage  of  new  climate
change, defense, environmental, infrastructure and other laws, policies and regulations. Growing concerns
about  climate  change  and  greenhouse  gases,  such  as  those  adopted  under  the  United  Nations  COP-21
Paris Agreement or the EPA Clean Power Plan, may result in the imposition of additional environmental
regulations for our clients’ fossil fuel projects. For example, legislation, international protocols, regulation
or other restrictions on emissions regulations could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some
cases,  prevent  a  project  from  going  forward,  thereby  potentially  reducing  the  need  for  our  services.  In
addition,  relaxation  or  repeal  of  laws  and  regulations,  or  changes  in  governmental  policies  regarding
environmental, defense, infrastructure or other industries we serve could result in a decline in demand for
our services, which could in turn negatively impact our revenues. We cannot predict when or whether any
of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers.

We may be subject to substantial liabilities under environmental laws and regulations.

Our services are subject to numerous environmental protection laws and regulations that are complex
and stringent. Our business involves in part the planning, design, program management, construction and
construction management, and operations and maintenance at various sites, including but not limited to,
pollution  control  systems,  nuclear  facilities,  hazardous  waste  and  Superfund  sites,  contract  mining  sites,
hydrocarbon  production,  distribution  and  transport  sites,  military  bases  and  other  infrastructure-related
facilities.  We  also  regularly  perform  work,  including  construction  services  in  and  around  sensitive
environmental areas, such as rivers, lakes and wetlands. In addition, we have contracts with U.S. federal
government entities to destroy hazardous materials, including chemical agents and weapons stockpiles, as
well as to decontaminate and decommission nuclear facilities. These activities may require us to manage,
handle, remove, treat, transport and dispose of toxic or hazardous substances. We also own and operate
several  properties  in  the  U.S.  and  Canada  that  have  been  used  for  the  storage  and  maintenance  of
equipment  and  upon  which  hydrocarbons  or  other  wastes  may  have  been  disposed  or  released.  Past
business  practices  at  companies  that  we  have  acquired  may  also  expose  us  to  future  unknown
environmental liabilities.

Significant  fines,  penalties  and  other  sanctions  may  be 

imposed  for  non-compliance  with
environmental  laws  and  regulations,  and  some  environmental  laws  provide  for  joint  and  several  strict
liabilities for remediation of releases of hazardous substances, rendering a person liable for environmental
damage, without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such person. These laws and regulations may
expose us to liability arising out of the conduct of operations or conditions caused by others, or for our acts
that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time these acts were performed. For example, there
are a number of governmental laws that strictly regulate the handling, removal, treatment, transportation
and  disposal  of  toxic  and  hazardous  substances,  such  as  Comprehensive  Environmental  Response
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, and comparable state laws, that impose strict, joint and several
liabilities  for  the  entire  cost  of  cleanup,  without  regard  to  whether  a  company  knew  of  or  caused  the
release of hazardous substances. In addition, some environmental regulations can impose liability for the
entire  cleanup  upon  owners,  operators,  generators,  transporters  and  other  persons  arranging  for  the
treatment  or  disposal  of  such  hazardous  substances  related  to  contaminated  facilities  or  project  sites.
Other  federal  environmental,  health  and  safety  laws  affecting  us  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air Act, the
Clean Air Mercury Rule, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and
the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act and the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, as well
as other comparable national and state laws. Liabilities related to environmental contamination or human
exposure  to  hazardous  substances,  or  a  failure  to  comply  with  applicable  regulations  could  result  in
substantial costs to us, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party claims for

24

property damage or personal injury or cessation of remediation activities. Our continuing work in the areas
governed by these laws and regulations exposes us to the risk of substantial liability.

Demand for our oil and gas services fluctuates.

Demand for our oil and natural gas services fluctuates, and we depend on our customers’ willingness
to  make  future  expenditures  to  explore  for,  develop  and  produce  oil  and  natural  gas  in  the  U.S.  and
Canada.  For  example,  the  past  volatility  in  the  price  of  oil  and  natural  gas  has  significantly  decreased
existing and future projects. Our customers’ willingness to undertake future projects depends largely upon
prevailing industry conditions that are influenced by numerous factors over which we have no control, such
as the anticipated future prices for natural gas and crude oil.

Failure to successfully integrate acquisitions could harm our operating results.

We  have  grown  in  part  as  a  result  of  acquisitions.  We  cannot  assure  that  suitable  acquisitions  or
investment  opportunities  will  continue  to  be  identified  or  that  any  of  these  transactions  can  be
consummated on favorable terms or at all. Any future acquisitions will involve various inherent risks, such
as:

(cid:127) our ability to accurately assess the value, strengths, weaknesses, liabilities and potential profitability

of acquisition candidates;

(cid:127) the potential loss of key personnel of an acquired business;
(cid:127) increased burdens on our staff and on our administrative, internal control and operating systems,

which may hinder our legal and regulatory compliance activities;

(cid:127) liabilities related to pre-acquisition activities of an acquired business and the burdens on our staff

and resources to comply with, conduct or resolve investigations into such activities;

(cid:127) post-acquisition integration challenges; and
(cid:127) post-acquisition deterioration in an acquired business that could result in lower or negative earnings

contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges.

Furthermore,  during  the  acquisition  process  and  thereafter,  our  management  may  need  to  assume
significant  transaction-related  responsibilities,  which  may  cause  them  to  divert  their  attention  from  our
existing  operations.  If  our  management  is  unable  to  successfully  integrate  acquired  companies,  our
operating  results  could  be  harmed.  In  addition,  even  if  the  operations  of  an  acquisition  are  integrated
successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings, or
sales or growth opportunities that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated
time frame, or at all.

We may be unable to successfully integrate or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or do so within the
intended timeframe.

We  have  been,  and  will  continue  to  be,  required  to  devote  significant  management  attention  and
resources to integrating the business practices and operations of the acquired companies with our business.
Difficulties we may encounter as part of the integration process include the following:

(cid:127) the consequences of a change in tax treatment, including the costs of integration and compliance

and the possibility that the full benefits anticipated from the acquisition will not be realized;

(cid:127) any delay in the integration of management teams, strategies, operations, products and services;
(cid:127) diversion of the attention of each company’s management as a result of the acquisition;

25

(cid:127) differences  in  business  backgrounds,  corporate  cultures  and  management  philosophies  that  may

delay successful integration;

(cid:127) the ability to retain key employees;
(cid:127) the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information

systems;

(cid:127) the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets into those of
ours in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees
and other constituencies;

(cid:127) potential  unknown  liabilities  and  unforeseen  increased  expenses  or  delays  associated  with  the

acquisition, including costs to integrate beyond current estimates;

(cid:127) the ability to deduct or claim tax attributes or benefits such as operating losses, business or foreign

tax credits; and

(cid:127) the  disruption  of,  or  the  loss  of  momentum  in,  each  company’s  ongoing  businesses  or

inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies.

Any  of  these  factors  could  adversely  affect  our  ability  to  maintain  relationships  with  customers,
suppliers,  employees  and  other  constituencies  or  our  ability  to  achieve  the  anticipated  benefits  of  the
acquisition or could reduce our earnings or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.

If we are unable to continue to access credit on acceptable terms, our business may be adversely affected.

The changing nature of the global credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds,
refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for uncommitted debt bond facilities and new
indebtedness,  replace  our  existing  revolving  and  term  credit  agreements  or  obtain  funding  through  the
issuance of our securities. We use credit facilities to support our working capital and other needs. There is
no guarantee that we can continue to renew our credit facility on terms as favorable as those in our existing
credit  facility  and,  if  we  are  unable  to  do  so,  our  costs  of  borrowing  and  our  business  may  be  adversely
affected.

Our ability to grow and to compete in our industry will be harmed if we do not retain the continued services of our
key technical and management personnel and identify, hire, and retain additional qualified personnel.

There is strong competition for qualified technical and management personnel in the sectors in which
we  compete.  We  may  not  be  able  to  continue  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  technical  and  management
personnel, such as engineers, architects and project managers, who are necessary for the development of
our business or to replace qualified personnel in the timeframe demanded by our clients. In addition, we
may occasionally enter into contracts before we have hired or retained appropriate staffing for that project.
Also,  some  of  our  personnel  hold  government  granted  eligibility  that  may  be  required  to  obtain
government projects. If we were to lose some or all of these personnel, they would be difficult to replace.
In addition, we rely heavily upon the expertise and leadership of our senior management. If we are unable
to retain executives and other key personnel, the roles and responsibilities of those employees will need to
be  filled,  which  may  require  that  we  devote  time  and  resources  to  identify,  hire  and  integrate  new
employees. Loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, key technical and management personnel could
limit our ability to successfully complete existing projects and compete for new projects.

Our revenue and growth prospects may be harmed if we or our employees are unable to obtain government granted
eligibility or other qualifications we and they need to perform services for our customers.

A number of government programs require contractors to have government granted eligibility, such as
security clearance credentials. Depending on the project, eligibility can be difficult and time-consuming to

26

obtain. If we or our employees are unable to obtain or retain the necessary eligibility, we may not be able
to win new business, and our existing customers could terminate their contracts with us or decide not to
renew them. To the extent we cannot obtain or maintain the required security clearances for our employees
working on a particular contract, we may not derive the revenue or profit anticipated from such contract.

Our  industry  is  highly  competitive  and  we  may  be  unable  to  compete  effectively,  which  could  result  in  reduced
revenue, profitability and market share.

We are engaged in a highly competitive business. The markets we serve are highly fragmented and we
compete with a large number of regional, national and international companies. These competitors may
have  greater  financial  and  other  resources  than  we  do.  Others  are  smaller  and  more  specialized,  and
concentrate their resources in particular areas of expertise. The extent of our competition varies according
to the particular markets and geographic area. In addition, the technical and professional aspects of some
of  our  services  generally  do  not  require  large  upfront  capital  expenditures  and  provide  limited  barriers
against new competitors.

The degree and type of competition we face is also influenced by the type and scope of a particular
project. Our clients make competitive determinations based upon qualifications, experience, performance,
reputation, technology, customer relationships and ability to provide the relevant services in a timely, safe
and cost-efficient manner. Increased competition may result in our inability to win bids for future projects
and loss of revenue, profitability and market share.

If we extend a significant portion of our credit to clients in a specific geographic area or industry, we may experience
disproportionately high levels of collection risk and nonpayment if those clients are adversely affected by factors
particular to their geographic area or industry.

Our  clients  include  public  and  private  entities  that  have  been,  and  may  continue  to  be,  negatively
impacted by the changing landscape in the global economy. While outside of the U.S. federal government,
no one client accounted for over 10% of our revenue for fiscal 2018, we face collection risk as a normal
part of our business where we perform services and subsequently bill our clients for such services, or when
we  make  equity  investments  in  majority  or  minority  controlled  large-scale  client  projects  and  other
long-term  capital  projects  before  the  project  completes  operational  status  or  completes  its  project
financing. In the event that we have concentrated credit risk from clients in a specific geographic area or
industry, continuing negative trends or a worsening in the financial condition of that specific geographic
area  or  industry  could  make  us  susceptible  to  disproportionately  high  levels  of  default  by  those  clients.
Such defaults could materially adversely impact our revenues and our results of operations.

Our services expose us to significant risks of liability and our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage.
Our services involve significant risks of professional and other liabilities that may substantially exceed
the fees that we derive from our services. In addition, we sometimes contractually assume liability to clients
on projects under indemnification or guarantee agreements. We cannot predict the magnitude of potential
liabilities  from  the  operation  of  our  business.  In  addition,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  our  business,  we
frequently  make  professional  judgments  and  recommendations  about  environmental  and  engineering
conditions  of  project  sites  for  our  clients.  We  may  be  deemed  to  be  responsible  for  these  professional
judgments  and  recommendations  if  they  are  later  determined  to  be  inaccurate.  Any  unfavorable  legal
ruling against us could result in substantial monetary damages or even criminal violations.

Our professional liability policies cover only claims made during the term of the policy. Additionally,
our insurance policies may not protect us against potential liability due to various exclusions in the policies
and  self-insured  retention  amounts.  Partially  or  completely  uninsured  claims,  if  successful  and  of
significant magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

27

Unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage would increase our overall risk exposure as well as
disrupt the management of our business operations.

We  maintain  insurance  coverage  from  third-party  insurers  as  part  of  our  overall  risk  management
strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. If any
of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with
adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses would increase
and the management of our business operations would be disrupted. In addition, there can be no assurance
that any of our existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration of the coverage period or
that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits.

If we do not have adequate indemnification for our services related to nuclear materials, it could adversely affect our
business and financial condition.

We  provide  services  to  the  Department  of  Energy  and  the  nuclear  energy  industry  in  the  ongoing
maintenance  and  modification,  as  well  as  the  decontamination  and  decommissioning,  of  nuclear  energy
plants.  Indemnification  provisions  under  the  Price-Anderson  Act  available  to  nuclear  energy  plant
operators and Department of Energy contractors do not apply to all liabilities that we might incur while
performing services as a radioactive materials cleanup contractor for the Department of Energy and the
nuclear  energy  industry.  If  the  Price-Anderson  Act’s  indemnification  protection  does  not  apply  to  our
services or if our exposure occurs outside the U.S., our business and financial condition could be adversely
affected  either  by  our  client’s  refusal  to  retain  us,  by  our  inability  to  obtain  commercially  adequate
insurance and indemnification, or by potentially significant monetary damages we may incur.

We  also  provide  services  to  the  United  Kingdom’s  Nuclear  Decommissioning  Authority  (NDA)
relating  to  clean-up  and  decommissioning  of  the  United  Kingdom’s  public  sector  nuclear  sites.
Indemnification provisions under the Nuclear Installations Act 1965 available to nuclear site licensees, the
Atomic Energy Authority, and the Crown, and contractual indemnification from the NDA do not apply to
all liabilities that we might incur while performing services as a clean-up and decommissioning contractor
for  the  NDA.  If  the  Nuclear  Installations  Act  1965  and  contractual  indemnification  protection  does  not
apply  to  our  services  or  if  our  exposure  occurs  outside  the  United  Kingdom,  our  business  and  financial
condition could be adversely affected either by our client’s refusal to retain us, by our inability to obtain
commercially adequate insurance and indemnification, or by potentially significant monetary damages we
may incur.

Our backlog of uncompleted projects under contract is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations and,
thus may not accurately reflect future revenue and profits.

At September 30, 2018, our contracted backlog was approximately $21.9 billion, our awarded backlog
was  approximately  $29.2  billion  and  our  unconsolidated  joint  venture  backlog  was  approximately
$3.0  billion  for  a  total  backlog  of  $54.1  billion.  Our  contracted  backlog  includes  revenue  we  expect  to
record in the future from signed contracts and, in the case of a public sector client, where the project has
been funded. Our awarded backlog includes revenue we expect to record in the future where we have been
awarded the work, but the contractual agreement has not yet been signed. We cannot guarantee that future
revenue will be realized from either category of backlog or, if realized, will result in profits. Many projects
may remain in our backlog for an extended period of time because of the size or long-term nature of the
contract.  In  addition,  from  time  to  time,  projects  are  delayed,  scaled  back  or  canceled.  These  types  of
backlog  reductions  adversely  affect  the  revenue  and  profits  that  we  ultimately  receive  from  contracts
reflected in our backlog.

28

We have submitted claims to clients for work we performed beyond the initial scope of some of our contracts. If these
clients do not approve these claims, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.

We  typically  have  pending  claims  submitted  under  some  of  our  contracts  for  payment  of  work
performed  beyond  the  initial  contractual  requirements  for  which  we  have  already  recorded  revenue.  In
general, we cannot guarantee that such claims will be approved in whole, in part, or at all. Often, these
claims  can  be  the  subject  of  lengthy  arbitration  or  litigation  proceedings,  and  it  is  difficult  to  accurately
predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and unresolved claims
are pending, we have used working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the
relevant claims. If these claims are not approved, our revenue may be reduced in future periods.

In conducting our business, we depend on other contractors, subcontractors and equipment and material providers.
If  these  parties  fail  to  satisfy  their  obligations  to  us  or  other  parties  or  if  we  are  unable  to  maintain  these
relationships, our revenue, profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected.

We depend on contractors, subcontractors and equipment and material providers in conducting our
business.  There  is  a  risk  that  we  may  have  disputes  with  our  subcontractors  arising  from,  among  other
things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the
subcontractor, or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract.
Also, to the extent that we cannot acquire equipment and materials at reasonable costs, or if the amount
we are required to pay exceeds our estimates, our ability to complete a project in a timely fashion or at a
profit  may  be  impaired.  In  addition,  if  any  of  our  subcontractors  fail  to  deliver  on  a  timely  basis  the
agreed-upon  supplies  and/or  perform  the  agreed-upon  services,  our  ability  to  fulfill  our  obligations  as  a
prime  contractor  may  be  jeopardized;  we  could  be  held  responsible  for  such  failures  and/or  we  may  be
required to purchase the supplies or services from another source at a higher price. This may reduce the
profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project for which the supplies or services are needed.

We  also  rely  on  relationships  with  other  contractors  when  we  act  as  their  subcontractor  or  joint
venture partner. Our future revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected if other contractors
eliminate  or  reduce  their  subcontracts  or  joint  venture  relationships  with  us,  or  if  a  government  agency
terminates or reduces these other contractors’ programs, does not award them new contracts or refuses to
pay under a contract. In addition, due to ‘‘pay when paid’’ provisions that are common in subcontracts in
many  countries,  including  the  U.S.,  we  could  experience  delays  in  receiving  payment  if  the  prime
contractor experiences payment delays.

If clients use our reports or other work product without appropriate disclaimers or in a misleading or incomplete
manner,  or  if  our  reports  or  other  work  product  are  not  in  compliance  with  professional  standards  and  other
regulations, our business could be adversely affected.

The reports and other work product we produce for clients sometimes include projections, forecasts
and  other  forward-looking  statements.  Such  information  by  its  nature  is  subject  to  numerous  risks  and
uncertainties,  any  of  which  could  cause  the  information  produced  by  us  to  ultimately  prove  inaccurate.
While we include appropriate disclaimers in the reports that we prepare for our clients, once we produce
such written work product, we do not always have the ability to control the manner in which our clients use
such information. As a result, if our clients reproduce such information to solicit funds from investors for
projects  without  appropriate  disclaimers  and  the  information  proves  to  be  incorrect,  or  if  our  clients
reproduce such information for potential investors in a misleading or incomplete manner, our clients or
such investors may threaten to or file suit against us for, among other things, securities law violations. For
example, in August 2016, AECOM Australia and other parties entered into a settlement related to, among
other things, alleged deficiencies in AECOM Australia’s traffic forecast. If we were found to be liable for
any claims related to our client work product, our business could be adversely affected.

29

In  addition,  our  reports  and  other  work  product  may  need  to  comply  with  professional  standards,
licensing  requirements,  securities  regulations  and  other  laws  and  rules  governing  the  performance  of
professional  services  in  the  jurisdiction  where  the  services  are  performed.  We  could  be  liable  to  third
parties who use or rely upon our reports and other work product even if we are not contractually bound to
those third parties. These events could in turn result in monetary damages and penalties.

Failure to adequately protect, maintain, or enforce our rights in our intellectual property may adversely limit our
competitive position.

Our  success  depends,  in  part,  upon  our  ability  to  protect  our  intellectual  property.  We  rely  on  a
combination of intellectual property policies and other contractual arrangements to protect much of our
intellectual property where we do not believe that trademark, patent or copyright protection is appropriate
or  obtainable.  Trade  secrets  are  generally  difficult  to  protect.  Although  our  employees  are  subject  to
confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our
confidential information and/or the infringement of our patents and copyrights. Further, we may be unable
to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our
rights.  Failure  to  adequately  protect,  maintain,  or  enforce  our  intellectual  property  rights  may  adversely
limit our competitive position.

Negotiations  with  labor  unions  and  possible  work  actions  could  divert  management  attention  and  disrupt
operations. In addition, new collective bargaining agreements or amendments to agreements could increase our
labor costs and operating expenses.

We  regularly  negotiate  with  labor  unions  and  enter  into  collective  bargaining  agreements.  The
outcome of any future negotiations relating to union representation or collective bargaining agreements
may not be favorable to us. We may reach agreements in collective bargaining that increase our operating
expenses  and  lower  our  net  income  as  a  result  of  higher  wages  or  benefit  expenses.  In  addition,
negotiations with unions could divert management attention and disrupt operations, which may adversely
affect our results of operations. If we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements,
we  may  have  to  address  the  threat  of  union-initiated  work  actions,  including  strikes.  Depending  on  the
nature of the threat or the type and duration of any work action, these actions could disrupt our operations
and adversely affect our operating results.

Our charter documents contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control.

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party
to acquire control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial to stockholders. These provisions
include the following:

(cid:127) ability  of  our  Board  of  Directors  to  authorize  the  issuance  of  preferred  stock  in  series  without

stockholder approval;

(cid:127) vesting of exclusive authority in our Board of Directors to determine the size of the board (subject

to limited exceptions) and to fill vacancies;

(cid:127) advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our Board

of Directors; and

(cid:127) prohibitions on our stockholders from acting by written consent.

Changes in tax laws could increase our worldwide tax rate and materially affect our results of operations.

Many  international  legislative  and  regulatory  bodies  have  proposed  and/or  enacted  legislation  and
begun investigations of the tax practices of multinational companies and, in the European Union (EU), the
tax policies of EU member states. Since 2013, the European Commission (EC) has been investigating tax

30

rulings granted by tax authorities in a number of EU member states with respect to specific multinational
corporations to determine whether such rulings comply with EU rules on state aid, as well as more recent
investigations of the tax regimes of EU member states. If the EC determines that a tax ruling or tax regime
violates the state aid restrictions, the tax authorities of the affected EU member state may be required to
collect  back  taxes  for  the  period  of  time  covered  by  the  ruling.  Due  to  the  large  scale  of  our  U.S.  and
international  business  activities,  many  of  these  proposed  and  enacted  changes  to  the  taxation  of  our
activities  could  increase  our  worldwide  effective  tax  rate  and  harm  results  of  operations.  Tax  changes
including limitations on the ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside of the U.S. could increase our
worldwide effective tax rate and harm results of operations.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Our corporate offices are located in approximately 31,500 square feet of space at 1999 Avenue of the
Stars, Los Angeles, California. Our other offices, including smaller administrative or project offices, consist
of an aggregate of approximately 11.1 million square feet worldwide. Virtually all of our offices are leased.
See  Note  11  in  the  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements  for  information  regarding  our  lease
obligations.  We  believe  our  current  properties  are  adequate  for  our  business  operations  and  are  not
currently underutilized. We may add additional facilities from time to time in the future as the need arises.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

As a government contractor, we are subject to various laws and regulations that are more restrictive
than  those  applicable  to  non-government  contractors.  Intense  government  scrutiny  of  contractors’
compliance  with  those  laws  and  regulations  through  audits  and  investigations  is  inherent  in  government
contracting and, from time to time, we receive inquiries, subpoenas, and similar demands related to our
ongoing  business  with  government  entities.  Violations  can  result  in  civil  or  criminal  liability  as  well  as
suspension or debarment from eligibility for awards of new government contracts or option renewals.

We are involved in various investigations, claims and lawsuits in the normal conduct of our business.
We  are  not  always  aware  if  we  or  our  affiliates  are  under  investigation  or  the  status  of  such  matters.
Although the outcome of our legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and no assurances can
be  provided,  in  the  opinion  of  our  management,  based  upon  current  information  and  discussions  with
counsel,  with  the  exception  of  the  matters  noted  in  Note  18,  Commitments  and  Contingencies,  to  the
financial statements contained in this report to the extent stated therein, none of the investigations, claims
and lawsuits in which we are involved is expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial  position,  results  of  operations,  cash  flows  or  our  ability  to  conduct  business.  See  Note  18,
Commitments and Contingencies, to the financial statements contained in this report for a discussion of
certain matters to which we are a party. The information set forth in such note is incorporated by reference
into this Item 3. From time to time, we establish reserves for litigation when we consider it probable that a
loss will occur.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

The Company does not act as the owner of any mines, but we may act as a mining operator as defined
under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 where we may be a lessee of a mine, a person who
operates,  controls  or  supervises  such  mine,  or  an  independent  contractor  performing  services  or
construction  of  such  mine.  Information  concerning  mine  safety  violations  or  other  regulatory  matters
required  by  Section  1503(a)  of  the  Dodd-Frank  Wall  Street  Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  and
Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.

31

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER

MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our  common  stock  is  listed  on  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange  (NYSE)  under  the  symbol  ‘‘ACM.’’
According to the records of our transfer agent, there were 2,213 stockholders of record as of November 5,
2018.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
None.

Equity Compensation Plans
The following table presents certain information about shares of AECOM common stock that may be

issued under our equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2018:

Column A

Column B

Column C

Plan Category
Equity compensation plans not approved by

stockholders:

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Equity compensation plans approved by

stockholders:
AECOM Stock Incentive Plans . . . . . . . . . . .
AECOM Employee Stock Purchase Plan(3) . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

Number of securities Weighted-average
exercise price of

to be issued upon

exercise of

outstanding options,

warrants, and

rights(1)

outstanding

options,
warrants,
and rights

Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance

under equity

compensation plans
(excluding securities

reflected

in Column A)

N/A

N/A

N/A

6,746,743(1)

N/A
6,746,743

$31.62(2)

N/A
$31.62

12,613,859
1,863,622
14,477,481

(1) Includes 638,570 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, 3,853,214 shares issuable upon the
vesting  of  Restricted  Stock  Units  and  2,254,959  shares  issuable  if  specified  performance  targets  are
met under Performance Earnings Program Awards (PEP).

(2) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options only.
(3) Amounts only reflected in column (c) and include all shares available for future issuance and subject

to outstanding rights.

32

Performance Measurement Comparison(1)
The following chart compares the cumulative total stockholder return of AECOM stock (ACM) with
the  cumulative  total  return  of  the  S&P  MidCap  400,  the  S&P  Composite  1500  Construction  &
Engineering,  the  S&P  500  Aerospace  &  Defense  and  the  PHLX  Oil  Service  Sector  indices  from
September 27, 2013 to September 28, 2018. We removed the PHLX Oil Service Sector indices due to our
plan to sell non-core oil and gas assets in North America.

We believe the S&P 400 MidCap, on which we are listed, is an appropriate independent broad market
index, since it measures the performance of similar mid-sized companies in numerous sectors. In addition,
we believe the S&P Composite 1500 Construction & Engineering and the S&P 500 Aerospace & Defense
indices  are  appropriate  third  party  published  industry  indices  since  they  measure  the  performance  of
engineering and construction and defense services.

Comparison of Cumulative Total Return

September 27, 2013 - September 28, 2018

200%

150%

100%

50%

0%

-50%

Sep-13

Dec-13

M ar-14

Jun-14

Sep-14

Dec-14

M ar-15

Jun-15

Sep-15

Dec-15

M ar-16

Jun-16

Sep-16

Dec-16

M ar-17

Jun-17

Sep-17

Dec-17

M ar-18

Jun-18

Sep-18

S&P 500 Aerospace & Defense

S&P 400 Mid Cap

S&P Composite 1500 Construction & Engineering

AECOM

10NOV201809240518

(1) This section is not ‘‘soliciting material,’’ is not deemed ‘‘filed’’ with the SEC and is not incorporated by
reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act or Exchange Act whether made before or after
the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing.

33

Stock Repurchase Program
On September 21, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors announced a new capital allocation policy
that authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion in AECOM common stock. Stock repurchases can be
made through open market purchases or other methods, including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. From
August 2011 through October 2018, the Company purchased a total of 32.0 million shares at an average
price of $25.29 per share, for a total cost of $810.1 million. A summary of the repurchase activity for the
three months ended September 30, 2018 is as follows:

Period

Total Number

of Shares
Purchased

Average Price
Paid Per Share

Total Number

of Shares
Purchased
as Part of
Publicly

Maximum Dollar
Value that May

Yet Be

Purchased

Announced Plans

or Programs

Under the Plans

or Programs

July 1 - 31, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
August 1 - 31, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
September 1 - 30, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
3,978,780
—
3,978,780

$ —
32.34
—
32.34

—
3,978,780
—
3,978,780

$

—
871,300,000
—
$871,300,000

(Amounts in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts

34

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

You  should  read  the  following  selected  consolidated  financial  data  along  with  ‘‘Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations’’ and our consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes, which are included in this Form 10-K. We derived the selected
consolidated financial data from our audited consolidated financial statements.

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairment of assets held for sale, including goodwill
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income (loss) before income tax expense . . . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated

subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) attributable to AECOM . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) attributable to AECOM per share:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Weighted average shares outstanding: (in millions)

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2018

$20,156
19,505
651
81
(136)
(168)
—
(3)
425
20
(268)
177
(20)
197

(61)
136

$

$ 0.86
$
0.84

159
162

Year Ended September 30,
2017

2015
(in millions, except share data)

2016

$18,203
17,519
684
142
(134)
—
(39)
1
654
7
(232)
429
8
421

$17,411
16,768
643
104
(115)
—
(214)
(43)
375
8
(258)
125
(38)
163

$17,990
17,455
535
106
(114)
—
(398)
—
129
19
(299)
(151)
(80)
(71)

2014

$8,357
7,954
403
58
(81)
—
(27)
—
353
3
(41)
315
82
233

$

$
$

$

$
$

(82)
339

2.18
2.13

156
159

(67)
96

(84)

(3)
$ (155) $ 230

0.62
0.62

$ (1.04) $ 2.36
$ (1.04) $ 2.33

155
156

150
150

97
99

Other Data:
Depreciation and amortization(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization expense of acquired intangible

assets(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital expenditures, net of disposals . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contracted backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Number of full-time and part-time employees . . . . . .

Year Ended September 30,

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

(in millions, except employee data)

$

268

$

279

$

399

$

599

$

95

97
87
$21,863
87,000

103
78
$24,234
87,000

202
137
$23,710
87,000

391
69
$24,468
92,000

24
63
$11,349
43,300

(1) Includes amortization of deferred debt issuance costs.
(2) Included in depreciation and amortization above.

35

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Working capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt excluding current portion . . . . . . . . .
AECOM Stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

As of September 30,

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

(in millions)

$

887
998
14,681
3,484
4,093

$

802
1,104
14,397
3,702
3,996

$

692
696
13,670
3,702
3,367

$

684
1,410
14,014
4,447
3,408

$ 574
978
6,123
940
2,187

36

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

This  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  contains  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  the  safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are not limited to historical facts,
but reflect the Company’s current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future events. These statements
include  forward-looking  statements  with  respect  to  the  Company,  including  the  Company’s  business  and
operations,  and  the  engineering  and  construction  industry.  Statements  that  are  not  historical  facts,  without
limitation,  including  statements  that  use  terms  such  as  ‘‘anticipates,’’  ‘‘believes,’’  ‘‘expects,’’  ‘‘estimates,’’
‘‘intends,’’  ‘‘may,’’  ‘‘plans,’’  ‘‘potential,’’  ‘‘projects,’’  and  ‘‘will’’  and  that  relate  to  our  future  revenues,
expenditures  and  business  trends;  future  accounting  estimates;  future  conversions  of  backlog;  future  capital
allocation  priorities  including  share  repurchases,  trade  receivables,  debt  pay  downs;  future  post-retirement
expenses; future tax benefits and expenses; future compliance with regulations; future legal claims and insurance
coverage; future effectiveness of our disclosure and internal controls over financial reporting; and other future
economic  and  industry  conditions,  are  forward-looking  statements.  In  light  of  the  risks  and  uncertainties
inherent in all forward-looking statements, the inclusion of such statements in this Annual Report should not be
considered as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives or plans will be achieved. Although
management  believes  that  the  assumptions  underlying  the  forward-looking  statements  are  reasonable,  these
assumptions and the forward-looking statements are subject to various factors, risks and uncertainties, many of
which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the fact that our business is cyclical and vulnerable
to economic downturns and client spending reductions; we are dependent on long-term government contracts
and subject to uncertainties related to government contract appropriations; governmental agencies may modify,
curtail or terminate our contracts; government contracts are subject to audits and adjustments of contractual
terms; we may experience losses under fixed-price contracts; we have not completed our accounting for the tax
effects  of  the  United  States  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act  legislation;  we  have  limited  control  over  operations  run
through  our  joint  venture  entities;  we  may  be  liable  for  misconduct  by  our  employees  or  consultants  or  our
failure to comply with laws or regulations applicable to our business; we may not maintain adequate surety and
financial capacity; we are highly leveraged and may not be able to service our debt and guarantees; we have
exposure to political and economic risks in different countries where we operate as well as currency exchange
rate fluctuations; we may not be able to retain and recruit key technical and management personnel; we may be
subject  to  legal  claims;  we  may  have  inadequate  insurance  coverage;  we  are  subject  to  environmental  law
compliance  and  may  not  have  adequate  nuclear  indemnification;  there  may  be  unexpected  adjustments  and
cancellations related to our backlog; we are dependent on partners and third parties who may fail to satisfy their
obligations;  we  may  not  be  able  to  manage  pension  costs;  AECOM  Capital’s  real  estate  development  and
investment  activities  are  inherently  risky;  we  may  face  cybersecurity  issues  and  data  loss;  as  well  as  other
additional risks and factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent reports we file
with  the  SEC.  Accordingly,  actual  results  could  differ  materially  from  those  contemplated  by  any  forward-
looking statement.

All  subsequent  written  and  oral  forward-looking  statements  concerning  the  Company  or  other  matters
attributable  to  the  Company  or  any  person  acting  on  its  behalf  are  expressly  qualified  in  their  entirety  by  the
cautionary  statements  above.  You  are  cautioned  not  to  place  undue  reliance  on  these  forward-looking
statements, which speak only to the date they are made. The Company is under no obligation (and expressly
disclaims any such obligation) to update or revise any forward-looking statement that may be made from time
to  time,  whether  as  a  result  of  new  information,  future  developments  or  otherwise.  Please  review  ‘‘Part  I,
Item 1A—Risk Factors’’ in this Annual Report for a discussion of the factors, risks and uncertainties that could
affect our future results.

Our  fiscal  year  consists  of  52  or  53  weeks,  ending  on  the  Friday  closest  to  September  30.  For  clarity  of
presentation,  we  present  all  periods  as  if  the  year  ended  on  September  30.  We  refer  to  the  fiscal  year  ended
September 30, 2017 as ‘‘fiscal 2017’’ and the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 as ‘‘fiscal 2018.’’

37

Overview

We are a leading fully integrated firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure
assets  for  governments,  businesses  and  organizations  throughout  the  world.  We  provide  planning,
consulting, architectural and engineering design services to commercial and government clients worldwide
in  major  end  markets  such  as  transportation,  facilities,  environmental,  energy,  water  and  government
markets. We also provide construction services, including building construction and energy, infrastructure
and industrial construction. In addition, we provide program and facilities management and maintenance,
training,  logistics,  consulting,  technical  assistance,  and  systems  integration  and  information  technology
services,  primarily  for  agencies  of  the  U.S.  government  and  also  for  national  governments  around  the
world.

Our  business  focuses  primarily  on  providing  fee-based  planning,  consulting,  architectural  and
engineering  design  services  and,  therefore,  our  business  is  labor  intensive.  We  primarily  derive  income
from our ability to generate revenue and collect cash from our clients through the billing of our employees’
time spent on client projects and our ability to manage our costs. AECOM Capital primarily derives its
income from real estate development sales.

We report our business through four segments: Design and Consulting Services (DCS), Construction
Services (CS), Management Services (MS), and AECOM Capital (ACAP). Such segments are organized
by  the  types  of  services  provided,  the  differing  specialized  needs  of  the  respective  clients,  and  how  we
manage the business. We have aggregated various operating segments into our reportable segments based
on  their  similar  characteristics,  including  similar  long-term  financial  performance,  the  nature  of  services
provided, internal processes for delivering those services, and types of customers.

Our  DCS  segment  delivers  planning,  consulting,  architectural  and  engineering  design  services  to
commercial  and  government  clients  worldwide  in  major  end  markets  such  as  transportation,  facilities,
environmental, energy, water and government. DCS revenue is primarily derived from fees from services
that we provide, as opposed to pass-through costs from subcontractors.

Our  CS  segment  provides  construction  services,  including  building  construction  and  energy,
infrastructure  and  industrial  construction,  primarily  in  the  Americas.  CS  revenue  typically  includes  a
significant amount of pass-through costs from subcontractors.

Our  MS  segment  provides  program  and  facilities  management  and  maintenance,  training,  logistics,
consulting, technical assistance, and systems integration and information technology services, primarily for
agencies  of  the  U.S.  government  and  also  for  national  governments  around  the  world.  MS  revenue
typically includes a significant amount of pass-through costs from subcontractors.

Our ACAP segment invests in real estate, public-private partnership (P3) and infrastructure projects.
ACAP  typically  partners  with  investors  and  experienced  developers  as  co-general  partners.  In  addition,
ACAP may, but is not required to, enter into contracts with our other AECOM affiliates to provide design,
engineering, construction management, development and operations and maintenance services for ACAP
funded projects.

Our  revenue  is  dependent  on  our  ability  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  and  productive  employees,
identify business opportunities, integrate and maximize the value of our recent acquisitions, allocate our
labor  resources  to  profitable  and  high  growth  markets,  secure  new  contracts  and  renew  existing  client
agreements. Demand for our services is cyclical and may be vulnerable to sudden economic downturns and
reductions in government and private industry spending, which may result in clients delaying, curtailing or
canceling proposed and existing projects. Moreover, as a professional services company, maintaining the
high quality of the work generated by our employees is integral to our revenue generation and profitability.

38

Our costs consist primarily of the compensation we pay to our employees, including salaries, fringe
benefits,  the  costs  of  hiring  subcontractors,  other  project-related  expenses  and  sales,  general  and
administrative costs.

During our first quarter ended December 31, 2017, President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
legislation that went into law (the Tax Act). The Tax Act reduces our U.S. federal corporate tax rate from
35% to a blended tax rate of 24.5% for our fiscal year ending September 30, 2018 and 21% for fiscal years
thereafter,  requires  companies  to  pay  a  one-time  transition  tax  on  accumulated  earnings  of  foreign
subsidiaries,  creates  new  taxes  on  certain  foreign  sourced  earnings,  and  eliminates  or  reduces  certain
deductions.  We  have  not  completed  our  accounting  for  the  tax  effects  of  the  Tax  Act.  We  have  made  a
reasonable estimate of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax but
we have not made any estimate of the impact on our indefinite reinvestment of earnings of certain of our
foreign subsidiaries.

In December 2015, the federal legislation referred to as the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation
Act  (the  FAST  Act)  was  authorized.  The  FAST  Act  is  a  five-year  federal  program  expected  to  provide
infrastructure  spending  on  roads,  bridges,  and  public  transit  and  rail  systems.  While  client  spending
patterns are likely to remain uneven, we expect that the passage of the FAST Act will continue to positively
impact our transportation services business.

The  U.S.  federal  government  has  proposed  significant  legislative  and  executive  infrastructure

initiatives that, if enacted, could have a positive impact to our infrastructure business.

As part of our capital allocation commitments, we repurchased common stocks under our $1 billion
authorization  and  we  intend  to  deploy  future  free  cash  flow  towards  ongoing  debt  reduction  and  stock
repurchases.

In  March  2018,  President  Trump  signed  proclamations  to  impose  tariffs  on  steel  and  aluminum
imports  per  the  US  Trade  Expansion  Act  of  1962,  increasing  the  price  for  steel  and  aluminum  in  the
United  States,  which  could  impact  client  spending  and  affect  the  profitability  of  our  fixed-price
construction projects.

We  expect  to  sell  remaining  non-core  oil  and  gas  assets  in  North  America  from  our  Construction

Services business segment within the next twelve months.

We expect to incur approximately $80 to $90 million in restructuring costs in the first half of fiscal year
2019, and we expect to evaluate our geographic exposure as part of a proposed plan to exit more than 30
countries, subject to applicable laws, to improve profitability and reduce our risk profile.

We expect to benefit from the return on AECOM Capital asset sales in fiscal year 2019.
We  cannot  determine  if  future  climate  change  and  greenhouse  gas  laws  and  policies,  such  as  the
United  Nation’s  COP-21  Paris  Agreement,  will  have  a  material  impact  on  our  business  or  our  clients’
business; however, we expect future environmental laws and policies could negatively impact demand for
our  services  related  to  fossil  fuel  projects  and  positively  impact  demand  for  our  services  related  to
environmental, infrastructure, nuclear and alternative energy projects.

Acquisitions
The  aggregate  value  of  all  consideration  for  our  acquisitions  consummated  during  the  years  ended

September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $5.6 million, $164.4 million and $5.5 million, respectively.

All of our acquisitions have been accounted for as business combinations and the results of operations
of  the  acquired  companies  have  been  included  in  our  consolidated  results  since  the  dates  of  the
acquisitions.

39

Components of Income and Expense

2018

Year Ended September 30,
2017

2016

2015

Other Financial Data:
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairment of assets held for sale, including goodwill
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Loss) gain on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(in millions)

$20,156
19,505
651
81
(136)
(168)
—
(3)
425

$

$18,203
17,519
684
142
(134)
—
(39)
1
654

$

$17,411
16,768
643
104
(115)
—
(214)
(43)
375

$

$17,990
17,455
535
106
(114)
—
(398)
—
129

$

2014

$8,357
7,954
403
58
(81)
—
(27)
—
$ 353

Revenue
We generate revenue primarily by providing planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design
services  to  commercial  and  government  clients  around  the  world.  Our  revenue  consists  of  both  services
provided by our employees and pass-through fees from subcontractors and other direct costs. We generally
utilize a cost-to-cost approach in applying the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition.
Under  this  approach,  revenue  is  earned  in  proportion  to  total  costs  incurred,  divided  by  total  costs
expected to be incurred.

Cost of Revenue
Cost  of  revenue  reflects  the  cost  of  our  own  personnel  (including  fringe  benefits  and  overhead

expense) associated with revenue.

Amortization Expense of Acquired Intangible Assets
Included in our cost of revenue is amortization of acquired intangible assets. We have ascribed value
to  identifiable  intangible  assets  other  than  goodwill  in  our  purchase  price  allocations  for  companies  we
have  acquired.  These  assets  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  backlog  and  customer  relationships.  To  the
extent we ascribe value to identifiable intangible assets that have finite lives, we amortize those values over
the  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  assets.  Such  amortization  expense,  although  non-cash  in  the  period
expensed, directly impacts our results of operations. It is difficult to predict with any precision the amount
of expense we may record relating to acquired intangible assets.

Equity in Earnings of Joint Ventures
Equity in earnings of joint ventures includes our portion of fees charged by our unconsolidated joint
ventures to clients for services performed by us and other joint venture partners along with earnings we
receive from our return on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures.

General and Administrative Expenses
General and administrative expenses include corporate expenses, including personnel, occupancy, and

administrative expenses.

40

Acquisition and Integration Expenses
Acquisition  and  integration  expenses  are  comprised  of  transaction  costs,  professional  fees,  and
personnel  costs,  including  due  diligence  and  integration  activities,  primarily  related  to  business
acquisitions.

Goodwill Impairment
See Critical Accounting Policies and Consolidated Results below.

Income Tax (Benefit) Expense
As  a  global  enterprise,  income  tax  (benefit)/expense  and  our  effective  tax  rates  can  be  affected  by
many  factors,  including  changes  in  our  worldwide  mix  of  pre-tax  losses/earnings,  the  effect  of
non-controlling  interest  in  income  of  consolidated  subsidiaries,  the  extent  to  which  the  earnings  are
indefinitely  reinvested  outside  of  the  United  States,  our  acquisition  strategy,  tax  incentives  and  credits
available  to  us,  changes  in  judgment  regarding  the  realizability  of  our  deferred  tax  assets,  changes  in
existing tax laws and our assessment of uncertain tax positions. Our tax returns are routinely audited by the
taxing authorities and settlements of issues raised in these audits can also sometimes affect our effective
tax rate.

Geographic Information
For  geographic  financial  information,  please  refer  to  Note  19  in  the  notes  to  our  consolidated

financial statements found elsewhere in the Form 10-K.

Critical Accounting Policies

Our financial statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the  United  States  (GAAP).  Highlighted  below  are  the  accounting  policies  that  management  considers
significant to understanding the operations of our business.

Revenue Recognition
We  generally  utilize  a  cost-to-cost  approach  in  applying  the  percentage-of-completion  method  of
revenue recognition, under which revenue is earned in proportion to total costs incurred, divided by total
costs expected to be incurred. Recognition of revenue and profit under this method is dependent upon a
number of factors, including the accuracy of a variety of estimates, including engineering progress, material
quantities, the achievement of milestones, penalty provisions, labor productivity and cost estimates. Due to
uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that actual completion costs may vary from
estimates. If estimated total costs on contracts indicate a loss, we recognize that estimated loss within cost
of revenue in the period the estimated loss first becomes known.

Claims Recognition
Claims are amounts in excess of the agreed contract price (or amounts not included in the original
contract  price)  that  we  seek  to  collect  from  customers  or  others  for  delays,  errors  in  specifications  and
designs,  contract  terminations,  change  orders  in  dispute  or  unapproved  contracts  as  to  both  scope  and
price or other causes of unanticipated additional costs. We record contract revenue related to claims only if
it  is  probable  that  the  claim  will  result  in  additional  contract  revenue  and  if  the  amount  can  be  reliably
estimated. In such cases, we record revenue only to the extent that contract costs relating to the claim have
been incurred. The amounts recorded, if material, are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
Costs attributable to claims are treated as costs of contract performance as incurred.

41

Government Contract Matters
Our  federal  government  and  certain  state  and  local  agency  contracts  are  subject  to,  among  other
regulations,  regulations  issued  under  the  Federal  Acquisition  Regulations  (FAR).  These  regulations  can
limit the recovery of certain specified indirect costs on contracts and subject us to ongoing multiple audits
by  government  agencies  such  as  the  Defense  Contract  Audit  Agency  (DCAA).  In  addition,  most  of  our
federal and state and local contracts are subject to termination at the discretion of the client.

Audits by the DCAA and other agencies consist of reviews of our overhead rates, operating systems
and  cost  proposals  to  ensure  that  we  account  for  such  costs  in  accordance  with  the  Cost  Accounting
Standards of the FAR (CAS). If the DCAA determines we have not accounted for such costs consistent
with CAS, the DCAA may disallow these costs. There can be no assurance that audits by the DCAA or
other governmental agencies will not result in material cost disallowances in the future.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
We record accounts receivable net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. This allowance for doubtful
accounts  is  estimated  based  on  management’s  evaluation  of  the  contracts  involved  and  the  financial
condition of our clients. The factors we consider in our contract evaluations include, but are not limited to:

(cid:127) Client type—federal or state and local government or commercial client;
(cid:127) Historical contract performance;
(cid:127) Historical collection and delinquency trends;
(cid:127) Client credit worthiness; and
(cid:127) General economic conditions.

Unbilled Accounts Receivable and Billings in Excess of Costs on Uncompleted Contracts
Unbilled accounts receivable represents the contract revenue recognized but not yet billed pursuant to

contract terms or accounts billed after the period end.

Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts represent the billings to date, as allowed under
the  terms  of  a  contract,  but  not  yet  recognized  as  contract  revenue  using  the  percentage-of-completion
accounting method.

Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
We  have  noncontrolling  interests  in  joint  ventures  accounted  for  under  the  equity  method.  Fees
received for and the associated costs of services performed by us and billed to joint ventures with respect to
work done by us for third-party customers are recorded as our revenues and costs in the period in which
such  services  are  rendered.  In  certain  joint  ventures,  a  fee  is  added  to  the  respective  billings  from  both
ourselves and the other joint venture partners on the amounts billed to the third-party customers. These
fees result in earnings to the joint venture and are split with each of the joint venture partners and paid to
the joint venture partners upon collection from the third-party customer. We record our allocated share of
these fees as equity in earnings of joint ventures.

Additionally, our ACAP segment invests in and develops real estate, public-private partnership (P3)

and infrastructure projects.

Income Taxes
We provide for income taxes in accordance with principles contained in ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes.
Under these principles, we recognize the amount of income tax payable or refundable for the current year
and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized
in our financial statements or tax returns.

42

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities  of  a  change  in  tax  rates  is  recognized  in  earnings  in  the  period  when  the  new  rate  is  enacted.
Deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more
likely than not that a portion will not be realized.

We measure and recognize the amount of tax benefit that should be recorded for financial statement
purposes  for  uncertain  tax  positions  taken  or  expected  to  be  taken  in  a  tax  return.  With  respect  to
uncertain  tax  positions,  we  evaluate  the  recognized  tax  benefits  for  recognition,  measurement,
derecognition,  classification, 
interim  period  accounting  and  disclosure
requirements.  Judgment  is  required  in  assessing  the  future  tax  consequences  of  events  that  have  been
recognized in our financial statements or tax returns.

interest  and  penalties, 

Valuation Allowance. Deferred income taxes are provided on the liability method whereby deferred
tax assets and liabilities are established for the difference between the financial reporting and income tax
basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for tax attributes such as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and tax rates on the
date of enactment of such changes to laws and tax rates.

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in our opinion, it is more likely than
not  that  some  portion  or  all  of  the  deferred  tax  assets  may  not  be  realized.  The  evaluation  of  the
recoverability of the deferred tax asset requires the Company to weigh all positive and negative evidence to
reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not
be  realized.  The  weight  given  to  the  evidence  is  commensurate  with  the  extent  to  which  it  can  be
objectively verified. Whether a deferred tax asset may be realized requires considerable judgment by us. In
considering  the  need  for  a  valuation  allowance,  we  consider  a  number  of  factors  including  the  nature,
frequency,  and  severity  of  cumulative  financial  reporting  losses  in  recent  years,  the  future  reversal  of
existing  temporary  differences,  predictability  of  future  taxable  income  exclusive  of  reversing  temporary
differences of the character necessary to realize the asset, relevant carryforward periods, taxable income in
carry-back years if carry-back is permitted under tax law, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies
that would be implemented, if necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset that would
otherwise  expire.  Whether  a  deferred  tax  asset  will  ultimately  be  realized  is  also  dependent  on  varying
factors,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  changes  in  tax  laws  and  audits  by  tax  jurisdictions  in  which  we
operate.

If  future  changes  in  judgment  regarding  the  realizability  of  our  deferred  tax  assets  lead  us  to
determine that it is more likely than not that we will not realize all or part of our deferred tax asset in the
future, we will record an additional valuation allowance. Conversely, if a valuation allowance exists and we
determine that the ultimate realizability of all or part of the net deferred tax asset is more likely than not to
be realized, then the amount of the valuation allowance will be reduced. This adjustment will increase or
decrease income tax expense in the period of such determination.

Undistributed  Non-U.S.  Earnings. The  results  of  our  operations  outside  of  the  United  States  are
consolidated  for  financial  reporting;  however,  earnings  from  investments  in  non-U.S.  operations  are
included in domestic U.S. taxable income only when actually or constructively received. No deferred taxes
have  been  provided  on  the  undistributed  gross  book-tax  basis  differences  of  our  non-U.S.  operations  of
approximately $1.7 billion because we have the ability to and intend to permanently reinvest these basis
differences overseas. If we were to repatriate these basis differences, additional taxes could be due at that
time.

We continually explore initiatives to better align our tax and legal entity structure with the footprint of
our  non-U.S.  operations  and  we  recognize  the  tax  impact  of  these  initiatives,  including  changes  in
assessment of its uncertain tax positions, indefinite reinvestment exception assertions and realizability of
deferred tax assets, earliest in the period when management believes all necessary internal and external

43

approvals  associated  with  such  initiatives  have  been  obtained,  or  when  the  initiatives  are  materially
complete.

Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets
Goodwill  represents  the  excess  of  amounts  paid  over  the  fair  value  of  net  assets  acquired  from  an
acquisition.  In  order  to  determine  the  amount  of  goodwill  resulting  from  an  acquisition,  we  perform  an
assessment  to  determine  the  value  of  the  acquired  company’s  tangible  and  identifiable  intangible  assets
and liabilities. In our assessment, we determine whether identifiable intangible assets exist, which typically
include backlog and customer relationships.

We test goodwill for impairment annually for each reporting unit in the fourth quarter of the fiscal
year and between annual tests, if events occur or circumstances change which suggest that goodwill should
be  evaluated.  Such  events  or  circumstances  include  significant  changes  in  legal  factors  and  business
climate,  recent  losses  at  a  reporting  unit,  and  industry  trends,  among  other  factors.  A  reporting  unit  is
defined  as  an  operating  segment  or  one  level  below  an  operating  segment.  Our  impairment  tests  are
performed at the operating segment level as they represent our reporting units.

During the impairment test, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit using income and market
approaches, and compare that amount to the carrying value of that reporting unit. In the event the fair
value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, goodwill is impaired, and an
impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the
reporting unit.

During  the  fourth  quarter,  we  conduct  our  annual  goodwill  impairment  test.  The  impairment
evaluation  process  includes,  among  other  things,  making  assumptions  about  variables  such  as  revenue
growth rates, profitability, discount rates, and industry market multiples, which are subject to a high degree
of judgment.

Material assumptions used in the impairment analysis included the weighted average cost of capital
(WACC) percent and terminal growth rates. For example, as of September 30, 2018, a 1% increase in the
WACC rate represents a $600 million decrease to the fair value of our reporting units. As of September 30,
2018, a 1% decrease in the terminal growth rate represents a $300 million decrease to the fair value of our
reporting units.

Pension Benefit Obligations
A  number  of  assumptions  are  necessary  to  determine  our  pension  liabilities  and  net  periodic  costs.
These  liabilities  and  net  periodic  costs  are  sensitive  to  changes  in  those  assumptions.  The  assumptions
include discount rates, long-term rates of return on plan assets and inflation levels limited to the United
Kingdom and are generally determined based on the current economic environment in each host country
at  the  end  of  each  respective  annual  reporting  period.  We  evaluate  the  funded  status  of  each  of  our
retirement plans using these current assumptions and determine the appropriate funding level considering
applicable  regulatory  requirements,  tax  deductibility,  reporting  considerations  and  other  factors.  Based
upon current assumptions, we expect to contribute $27.2 million to our international plans in fiscal 2019.
Our required minimum contributions for our U.S. qualified plans are not significant. In addition, we may
make additional discretionary contributions. We currently expect to contribute $14.3 million to our U.S.
plans (including benefit payments to nonqualified plans and postretirement medical plans) in fiscal 2019. If
the  discount  rate  was  reduced  by  25  basis  points,  plan  liabilities  would  increase  by  approximately
$70.8 million. If the discount rate and return on plan assets were reduced by 25 basis points, plan expense
would decrease by approximately $0.6 million and increase by approximately $3.4 million, respectively. If
inflation  increased  by  25  basis  points,  plan  liabilities  in  the  United  Kingdom  would  increase  by
approximately $36.6 million and plan expense would increase by approximately $2.1 million.

44

At each measurement date, all assumptions are reviewed and adjusted as appropriate. With respect to
establishing  the  return  on  assets  assumption,  we  consider  the  long  term  capital  market  expectations  for
each  asset  class  held  as  an  investment  by  the  various  pension  plans.  In  addition  to  expected  returns  for
each asset class, we take into account standard deviation of returns and correlation between asset classes.
This  is  necessary  in  order  to  generate  a  distribution  of  possible  returns  which  reflects  diversification  of
assets. Based on this information, a distribution of possible returns is generated based on the plan’s target
asset allocation.

Capital  market  expectations  for  determining  the  long  term  rate  of  return  on  assets  are  based  on
forward-looking  assumptions  which  reflect  a  20-year  view  of  the  capital  markets.  In  establishing  those
capital market assumptions and expectations, we rely on the assistance of our actuaries and our investment
consultants. We and the plan trustees review whether changes to the various plans’ target asset allocations
are  appropriate.  A  change  in  the  plans’  target  asset  allocations  would  likely  result  in  a  change  in  the
expected  return  on  asset  assumptions.  In  assessing  a  plan’s  asset  allocation  strategy,  we  and  the  plan
trustees  consider  factors  such  as  the  structure  of  the  plan’s  liabilities,  the  plan’s  funded  status,  and  the
impact  of  the  asset  allocation  to  the  volatility  of  the  plan’s  funded  status,  so  that  the  overall  risk  level
resulting from our defined benefit plans is appropriate within our risk management strategy.

Between  September  30,  2017  and  September  30,  2018,  the  aggregate  worldwide  pension  deficit
decreased from $553.0 million to $400.5 million due to rising global asset prices. If the various plans do not
experience  future  investment  gains  to  reduce  this  shortfall,  the  deficit  will  be  reduced  by  additional
contributions.

Accrued Professional Liability Costs
We  carry  professional  liability  insurance  policies  or  self-insure  for  our  initial  layer  of  professional
liability claims under our professional liability insurance policies and for a deductible for each claim even
after exceeding the self-insured retention. We accrue for our portion of the estimated ultimate liability for
the  estimated  potential  incurred  losses.  We  establish  our  estimate  of  loss  for  each  potential  claim  in
consultation  with  legal  counsel  handling  the  specific  matters  and  based  on  historic  trends  taking  into
account  recent  events.  We  also  use  an  outside  actuarial  firm  to  assist  us  in  estimating  our  future  claims
exposure. It is possible that our estimate of loss may be revised based on the actual or revised estimate of
liability of the claims.

Foreign Currency Translation
Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Results of operations for foreign entities are translated to
U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates during the period. Assets and liabilities for foreign entities
are translated using the exchange rates in effect as of the date of the balance sheet. Resulting translation
adjustments  are  recorded  as  a  foreign  currency  translation  adjustment  into  other  accumulated
comprehensive income/(loss) in stockholders’ equity.

We  limit  exposure  to  foreign  currency  fluctuations  in  most  of  our  contracts  through  provisions  that
require client payments in currencies corresponding to the currency in which costs are incurred. As a result
of  this  natural  hedge,  we  generally  do  not  need  to  hedge  foreign  currency  cash  flows  for  contract  work
performed. However, we will use foreign exchange derivative financial instruments from time to time to
mitigate foreign currency risk. The functional currency of all significant foreign operations is the respective
local currency.

45

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017

Consolidated Results

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairment of assets held for sale, including goodwill . .
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Loss) gain on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated

subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

Change

$

%

($ in millions)

$20,155.5
19,504.9
650.6
81.1
(135.7)
(168.2)
—
(2.9)
424.9
20.1
(267.5)
177.5
(19.7)
197.2

(60.7)
136.5

$

$18,203.4
17,519.7
683.7
141.6
(133.4)
—
(38.7)
0.6
653.8
6.7
(231.3)
429.2
7.7
421.5

$1,952.1
1.985.2
(33.1)
(60.5)
(2.3)
(168.2)
38.7
(3.5)
(228.9)
13.4
(36.2)
(251.7)
(27.4)
(224.3)

10.7%
11.3
(4.8)
(42.7)
1.7
NM*
(100.0)
NM*
(35.0)
200.0
15.7
(58.6)
(355.8)
(53.2)

(82.1)
339.4

21.4
$ (202.9)

(26.1)
(59.8)%

$

* NM—Not meaningful

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairment of assets held for sale, including goodwill
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Loss) gain on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . .
Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018
100.0%
96.8
3.2
0.4
(0.7)
(0.8)
0.0
0.0
2.1
0.1
(1.3)
0.9
(0.1)
1.0
(0.3)
0.7%

September 30,

2017
100.0%
96.2
3.8
0.8
(0.8)
0.0
(0.2)
0.0
3.6
0.0
(1.2)
2.4
0.1
2.3
(0.4)
1.9%

46

Revenue
Our  revenue  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  increased  $1,952.1  million,  or  10.7%,  to

$20,155.5 million as compared to $18,203.4 million for the corresponding period last year.

The increase in revenue for the year ended September 30, 2018 was primarily attributable to increases
in  our  DCS  segment  of  $656.3  million,  our  CS  segment  of  $943.3  million,  and  our  MS  segment  of
$352.5 million, as discussed further below.

In the course of providing our services, we routinely subcontract for services and incur other direct
costs on behalf of our clients. These costs are passed through to clients and, in accordance with industry
practice  and  GAAP,  are  included  in  our  revenue  and  cost  of  revenue.  Because  subcontractor  and  other
direct costs can change significantly from project to project and period to period, changes in revenue may
not  be  indicative  of  business  trends.  Subcontractor  and  other  direct  costs  for  the  years  ended
September  30,  2018  and  2017  were  $10.7  billion  and  $9.2  billion,  respectively.  Subcontractor  costs  and
other direct costs as a percentage of revenue, increased to 53% during the year ended September 30, 2018
from  51%  during  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  due  to  increased  building  construction  in  our  CS
segment, as discussed below.

Gross Profit
Our  gross  profit  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  decreased  $33.1  million,  or  4.8%,  to
$650.6 million as compared to $683.7 million for the corresponding period last year. For the year ended
September  30,  2018,  gross  profit,  as  a  percentage  of  revenue,  decreased  to  3.2%  from  3.8%  in  the  year
ended September 30, 2017.

Gross profit changes were due to the reasons noted in DCS, CS and MS segments below.

Equity in Earnings of Joint Ventures
Our equity in earnings of joint ventures for the year ended September 30, 2018 was $81.1 million as

compared to $141.6 million in the corresponding period last year.

During year ended September 30, 2017, ACAP completed a transaction to sell its 50% equity interest
in Provost Square I LLC, an unconsolidated joint venture which invested in a real estate development in
New Jersey, for $133 million, which resulted in a gain of $52 million in our fiscal 2017. During the three
months ended September 30, 2018, ACAP completed several real estate transactions that resulted in total
gains of $15.2 million and net cash proceeds of $102.8 million. Additionally, the decrease from prior year
was  due  to  approximately  $15  million  in  reduced  equity  in  earnings  from  decreased  volume  at  joint
ventures in our MS segment.

General and Administrative Expenses
Our  general  and  administrative  expenses  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  increased
$2.3 million, or 1.7%, to $135.7 million as compared to $133.4 million for the corresponding period last
year.  As  a  percentage  of  revenue,  general  and  administrative  expenses  decreased  to  0.7%  for  the  year
ended September 30, 2018 from 0.8% for the year ended September 30, 2017.

Impairment of Assets Held for Sale, Including Goodwill
Impairment  of  assets  held  for  sale,  including  goodwill,  was  $168.2  million  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 2018. The loss was due to the anticipated disposition of non-core oil and gas assets in North
America from our CS segment after the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The anticipated disposition resulted
in a remeasurement of the assets held for sale, which were recorded at their estimated fair values less costs
to  sell.  Included  in  the  impairment  of  assets  held  for  sale  was  a  goodwill  impairment  charge  of

47

$125.4 million. Goodwill associated with the assets held for sale was originally recognized in the acquisition
of URS Corporation in October 2014. Weak market demand for oil and gas services in the Canadian oil
sands, primarily due to volatile commodity prices for Western Canada Select, resulted in lower fair value
than previously measured at our annual impairment testing date as of September 30, 2017. A portion of
the assets classified as held for sale at the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2018 were sold during the year
ended  September  30,  2018.  We  expect  to  sell  the  remaining  assets  held  for  sale  within  the  next  twelve
months.

Loss / Gain on Disposal Activities
Loss  on  disposal  activities  in  the  accompanying  statements  of  operations  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 2018 was $2.9 million compared to gain on disposal activities of $0.6 million for the year
ended  September  30,  2017.  The  loss  on  disposal  activities  in  the  current  period  relates  to  incremental
losses  on  the  disposal  of  specific  non-core  oil  and  gas  assets  in  North  America  from  our  CS  segment
previously classified as assets held for sale.

Other Income
Our other income for the year ended September 30, 2018 increased $13.4 million to $20.1 million as

compared to $6.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

The  increase  in  other  income  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  was  primarily  due  to  a
$9.1 million gain realized in the quarter ended March 31, 2018 from a foreign exchange forward contract
entered into as part of the refinancing of our credit agreement.

Interest Expense
Our  interest  expense  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  was  $267.5  million  as  compared  to

$231.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

The  increase  in  interest  expense  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  was  primarily  due  to  a
$34.5 million prepayment premium of our $800 million unsecured 5.750% Senior Notes due 2022 at a price
of 104.3% during the quarter ended March 31, 2018.

Income Tax Benefit / Expense
Our income tax benefit for the year ended September 30, 2018 was $19.6 million compared to income
tax  expense  of  $7.7  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017.  The  increase  in  tax  benefit  for  the
current  period  compared  to  the  corresponding  period  last  year  is  due  primarily  to  a  $47.8  million  net
benefit related to one-time U.S. federal tax law changes, a benefit of $37.2 million related to income tax
credits and incentives, a benefit of $31.4 million related to changes in uncertain tax positions primarily in
the  U.S.  and  Canada,  a  benefit  of  $27.7  million  related  to  an  audit  settlement  in  the  U.S.,  a  benefit  of
$18.5 million related to return to provision adjustments in the U.S. primarily due to changes in foreign tax
credits, a decrease in overall pre-tax income of $251.7 million, and a reduced U.S. federal corporate tax
rate  of  24.5%  for  our  fiscal  year  ending  September  30,  2018.  These  benefits  were  partially  offset  by
valuation allowance increases resulting in tax expense of $58.7 million including $38.1 million related to
foreign tax credits as a result of U.S. federal tax law changes and tax expense of $33.9 million related to the
goodwill  impairment  charge  in  the  second  quarter  of  fiscal  2018  which  was  non-deductible  for  tax
purposes.

During the first quarter of 2018, President Trump signed what is commonly referred to as The Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) into law. The Tax Act reduced our U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to a
blended  tax  rate  of  24.5%  for  our  fiscal  year  ending  September  30,  2018  and  21%  for  fiscal  years

48

thereafter,  requires  companies  to  pay  a  one-time  transition  tax  on  accumulated  earnings  of  foreign
subsidiaries, creates new taxes on foreign sourced earnings and eliminates or reduces deductions.

Given  the  significance  of  the  Tax  Act,  the  SEC  staff  issued  Staff  Accounting  Bulletin  No.  118
(SAB  118),  which  allows  registrants  to  record  provisional  amounts  during  a  one  year  ‘‘measurement
period’’  similar  to  that  used  when  accounting  for  business  combinations.  However,  the  measurement
period  is  deemed  to  have  ended  earlier  when  the  registrant  has  obtained,  prepared  and  analyzed  the
information necessary to finalize its accounting. During the measurement period, impacts of the law are
expected to be recorded at the time a reasonable estimate for all or a portion of the effects can be made,
and provisional amounts can be recognized and adjusted as information becomes available, prepared or
analyzed.

During  the  fiscal  year  2018,  we  recorded  a  $32.0  million  provisional  tax  benefit  related  to  the
remeasurement of our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected
to  reverse  in  the  future,  which  is  generally  21%.  In  addition,  we  released  the  deferred  tax  liability  and
recorded a tax benefit related to foreign subsidiaries for which the undistributed earnings are not intended
to  be  reinvested  indefinitely  for  $79.8  million  and  accrued  current  tax  on  these  earnings  as  part  of  the
one-time transition tax.

During  the  fiscal  year  2018,  we  recorded  a  $64.0  million  provisional  amount  for  the  one-time
transition tax liability for our foreign subsidiaries. We have not yet completed our calculation of the total
foreign earnings and profits of our foreign subsidiaries and accordingly this amount may change when we
finalize the calculation of foreign earnings.

During the fourth quarter of 2018, we restructured certain operations in Canada which resulted in a
release of a valuation allowance of $13.1 million. Other operations in Canada continue to have losses and
the associated valuation allowances could be reduced if and when our current and forecast profits trend
turns  and  sufficient  evidence  exists  to  support  the  release  of  the  related  valuation  allowances
(approximately  $41  million).  During  the  second  quarter  of  2017,  valuation  allowances  in  the  amount  of
$59.9 million in the United Kingdom were released due to sufficient positive evidence.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2018,  we  effectively  settled  a  U.S.  federal  income  tax  examination  for
URS  pre-acquisition  tax  years  2012,  2013  and  2014  and  recorded  a  benefit  of  $27.7  million  related  to
various adjustments, in addition to the favorable settlement for R&D credits of $26.2 million recorded in
the second quarter of 2018. We are currently under tax audit in several jurisdictions including the U.S and
believe  the  outcomes  which  are  reasonably  possible  within  the  next  twelve  months,  including  lapses  in
statutes of limitations, could result in adjustments, but will not result in a material change in the liability
for uncertain tax positions.

We  regularly  integrate  and  consolidate  our  business  operations  and  legal  entity  structure,  and  such
internal  initiatives  could  impact  the  assessment  of  uncertain  tax  positions,  indefinite  reinvestment
assertions and the realizability of deferred tax assets.

Net Income Attributable to AECOM
The factors described above resulted in the net income attributable to AECOM of $136.5 million for
the  year  ended  September  30,  2018,  as  compared  to  the  net  income  attributable  to  AECOM  of
$339.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

49

Results of Operations by Reportable Segment

Design and Consulting Services

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

Change
$

%

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$8,223.1
7,783.9
$ 439.2

($ in millions)
$7,566.8
7,172.0
$ 394.8

$656.3
611.9
$ 44.4

8.7%
8.5
11.2%

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018
100.0%
94.7
5.3%

September 30,

2017
100.0%
94.8
5.2%

Revenue
Revenue for our DCS segment for the year ended September 30, 2018 increased $656.3 million, or

8.7%, to $8,223.1 million as compared to $7,566.8 million for the corresponding period last year.

The increase in revenue for the year ended September 30, 2018 was attributable to an increase in the
Americas of $400 million, largely due to increased work performed on a residential housing storm disaster
relief program. Additionally, the increase was due to increases in Asia Pacific (APAC) and Europe, Middle
East  and  Africa  (EMEA)  of  approximately  $110  million  and  $40  million,  respectively,  and  favorable
impacts from foreign currency of $100 million.

Gross Profit
Gross profit for our DCS segment for the year ended September 30, 2018 increased $44.4 million, or
11.2%,  to  $439.2  million  as  compared  to  $394.8  million  for  the  corresponding  period  last  year.  As  a
percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 5.3% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2018
from 5.2% in the corresponding period last year.

The  increases  in  gross  profit  and  gross  profit  as  a  percentage  of  revenue  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 2018 were primarily due to increased revenues in the Americas, including the residential
housing disaster relief program discussed above.

Construction Services

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$8,238.9
8,198.5
40.4

$

($ in millions)
$7,295.6
7,202.7
92.9

$

$943.3
995.8
$(52.5)

12.9%
13.8
(56.5)%

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

Change

$

%

50

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018
100.0%
99.5
0.5%

September 30,

2017
100.0%
98.7
1.3%

Revenue
Revenue  for  our  CS  segment  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  increased  $943.3  million,  or

12.9%, to $8,238.9 million as compared to $7,295.6 million for the corresponding period last year.

The  increase  in  revenue  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  was  primarily  attributable  to
approximately $400 million in increased revenue due to the construction of residential high-rise buildings
in the city of New York. Additionally, the increase was due to the inclusion of approximately $500 million
of revenue from entities acquired during fiscal 2018 and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.

Gross Profit
Gross profit for our CS segment for the year ended September 30, 2018 decreased $52.5 million, or
56.5%,  to  $40.4  million  as  compared  to  $92.9  million  for  the  corresponding  period  last  year.  As  a
percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 0.5% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2018
from 1.3% in the corresponding period last year.

The  decrease  in  gross  profit  and  gross  profit  as  a  percentage  of  revenue  for  the  year  ended
September  30,  2018  were  primarily  due  to  losses  in  the  oil  and  gas  business  in  North  America  of
approximately $50 million, and projects in the construction services business, partially offset by earnings
from  entities  acquired  in  fiscal  2017  and  the  revenue  increase  in  our  residential  high-rise  construction
business noted above.

Management Services

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

Change

$

%

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit

$3,693.5
3,522.5
$ 171.0

($ in millions)
$3,341.0
3,145.0
$ 196.0

$352.5
377.5
$(25.0)

10.6%
12.0
(12.8)%

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018
100.0%
95.4
4.6%

September 30,

2017
100.0%
94.1
5.9%

51

Revenue
Revenue  for  our  MS  segment  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  increased  $352.5  million,  or

10.6%, to $3,693.5 million as compared to $3,341.0 million for the corresponding period last year.

The increase in revenue for the year ended September 30, 2018 was primarily due to various projects
with the U.S. government, including projects with the United States Army in the Middle East and with the
United States Air Force.

Gross Profit
Gross profit for our MS segment for the year ended September 30, 2018 decreased $25.0 million, or
12.8%,  to  $171.0  million  as  compared  to  $196.0  million  for  the  corresponding  period  last  year.  As  a
percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 4.6% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2018
from 5.9% in the corresponding period last year.

The  decrease  in  gross  profit  and  gross  profit  as  a  percentage  of  revenue  for  the  year  ended
September  30,  2018  were  primarily  due  to  a  benefit  recorded  in  the  first  quarter  of  fiscal  2017  of
$35 million from the favorable settlement of a federal lawsuit, net of legal fees, and $23 million of incentive
fees earned on contracts with the Department of Energy, which did not repeat in the current year. These
decreases were partially offset by the benefits of approximately $15 million from an increase in anticipated
recoveries on a contract with the Department of Energy recorded in the year ended September 30, 2018.
Additionally,  the  decreases  were  offset  by  increased  gross  profits  from  projects  with  the  United  States
Army in the Middle East and with the United States Air Force, discussed above.

AECOM Capital

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

Change

$

%

($ in millions)

Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 15.2
(11.2)

$57.7
(8.7)

$(42.5)
(2.5)

(73.7)%
28.7%

During the three months ended June 30, 2017, ACAP completed a transaction to sell its 50% equity
interest  in  Provost  Square  I  LLC,  an  unconsolidated  joint  venture  which  invested  in  a  real  estate
development in New Jersey, for $133 million, which resulted in a gain of $52 million in fiscal 2017. During
the  three  months  ended  September  30,  2018,  ACAP  completed  several  real  estate  transactions  that
resulted in total gains of $15.2 million and net cash proceeds of $102.8 million.

52

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016

Consolidated Results

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated

subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

Change

$

%

$18,203.4
17,519.7
683.7
141.6
(133.4)
(38.7)
0.6
653.8
6.7
(231.3)
429.2
7.7
421.5

($ in millions)
$17,410.8
16,768.0
642.8
104.0
(115.1)
(213.6)
(42.6)
375.5
8.2
(258.1)
125.6
(37.9)
163.5

$792.6
751.7
40.9
37.6
(18.3)
174.9
43.2
278.3
(1.5)
26.8
303.6
45.6
258.0

4.6%
4.5
6.4
36.2
15.9
(81.9)
(101.4)
74.1
(18.3)
(10.4)
241.7
(120.3)
157.8

(82.1)
339.4

$

(67.4)
96.1

(14.7)
$243.3

21.8
253.2%

$

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . .
Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017
100.0%
96.2
3.8
0.8
(0.8)
(0.2)
0.0
3.6
—
(1.2)
2.4
0.1
2.3
(0.4)
1.9%

September 30,

2016
100.0%
96.3
3.7
0.6
(0.7)
(1.2)
(0.2)
2.2
—
(1.5)
0.7
(0.2)
0.9
(0.3)
0.6%

53

Revenue
Our  revenue  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  increased  $792.6  million,  or  4.6%,  to

$18,203.4 million as compared to $17,410.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.

The  increase  in  revenue  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  was  primarily  attributable  to  an
increase  in  our  CS  segment  of  $924.5  million,  partially  offset  by  a  decrease  in  our  DCS  segment  of
$89.0 million and a decrease in our MS segment of $42.9 million, as discussed further below.

In the course of providing our services, we routinely subcontract for services and incur other direct
costs on behalf of our clients. These costs are passed through to clients and, in accordance with industry
practice  and  GAAP,  are  included  in  our  revenue  and  cost  of  revenue.  Because  subcontractor  and  other
direct costs can change significantly from project to project and period to period, changes in revenue may
not  be  indicative  of  business  trends.  Subcontractor  and  other  direct  costs  for  the  years  ended
September 30, 2017 and 2016 were $9.2 billion and $8.4 billion, respectively. Subcontractor costs and other
direct costs as a percentage of revenue, increased to 51% during the year ended September 30, 2017 from
48% during the year ended September 30, 2016 due to increased building construction in our CS segment,
as discussed below.

Gross Profit
Our  gross  profit  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  increased  $40.9  million,  or  6.4%,  to
$683.7 million as compared to $642.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2016. For the year ended
September  30,  2017,  gross  profit,  as  a  percentage  of  revenue,  increased  to  3.8%  from  3.7%  in  the  year
ended September 30, 2016.

Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts includes a margin fair value liability associated
with  long-term  contracts  acquired  in  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  URS  on  October  17,  2014.
Revenue  and  the  related  income  from  operations  related  to  the  margin  fair  value  liability  recognized
during the year ended September 30, 2017 was $6.3 million, compared with $37.2 million during the year
ended September 30, 2016. This amount was offset by a decrease in amortization of intangible assets of
$83.6  million  during  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017,  compared  with  $183.3  million  during  the  year
ended September 30, 2016.

Gross profit changes were also due to the reasons noted in DCS, CS and MS Reportable Segments

below.

Equity in Earnings of Joint Ventures
Our equity in earnings of joint ventures for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $141.6 million as

compared to $104.0 million in the year ended September 30, 2016.

The increase in earnings of joint ventures for the year ended September 30, 2017 was primarily due to
the sale of ACAP’s 50% equity interest in Provost Square I LLC for $133 million, which resulted in a gain
of  $52  million  in  our  fiscal  2017  third  quarter,  partially  offset  by  decreased  earnings  from  a  United
Kingdom  nuclear  cleanup  joint  venture  for  which  our  work  was  substantially  completed  in  the  second
quarter of fiscal 2016.

General and Administrative Expenses
Our  general  and  administrative  expenses  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  increased
$18.3 million, or 15.9%, to $133.4 million as compared to $115.1 million for the year ended September 30,
2016.  As  a  percentage  of  revenue,  general  and  administrative  expenses  increased  to  0.8%  for  the  year
ended September 30, 2017 from 0.7% for the year ended September 30, 2016.

54

The  increase  in  our  general  and  administrative  expenses  was  primarily  due  to  increased  personnel

costs.

Acquisition and Integration Expenses
Acquisition  and  integration  expenses,  resulting  from  business  acquisitions,  were  comprised  of  the

following (in millions):

Severance and personnel costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Professional services, real estate-related, and other expenses . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year

Ended

September 30,
2016
2017
$ 23.4
$32.0
6.7
190.2
$213.6
$38.7

Our  cost  savings  and  acquisition  and  integration  expenses  associated  with  the  URS  integration  are

complete.

Gain / Loss on Disposal Activities
Gain  on  disposal  activities  in  the  accompanying  statements  of  operations  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 2017 was $0.6 million compared to loss on disposal activities of $42.6 million for the year
ended September 30, 2016. Losses recorded in fiscal 2016 related to the disposition of non-core energy-
related businesses, equipment and other assets that did not repeat in fiscal 2017.

Other Income
Our  other  income  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  decreased  $1.5  million  to  $6.7  million  as

compared to $8.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.

Other income is primarily comprised of interest income.

Interest Expense
Our  interest  expense  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  was  $231.3  million  as  compared  to

$258.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.

The  decrease  in  interest  expense  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  was  primarily  due  to  the
write-off of capitalized debt issuance costs related to the amendment of our credit agreement in September
2016 and a reduction in our debt balance.

Income Tax Expense / Benefit
Our income tax expense for the year ended September 30, 2017 was $7.7 million compared to income
tax benefit of $37.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2016. The effective tax rate was 1.8% and
(30.2)% for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

The increase in income tax expense for the year ended September 30, 2017 compared to the prior year
is due primarily to the tax impact of an increase in overall pre-tax income of $303.6 million, the retroactive
extension of the federal research credit in the first quarter of 2016, and the tax impacts from changes in the
mix  of  geographical  income.  In  addition,  valuation  allowance  releases  and  other  benefits  recorded  each
year contributed to the decrease in the overall tax expense in both years. As described further below, three
one-time benefits totaling $106.3 million were recognized during 2017 including the release of valuation
allowances,  indefinitely  reinvesting  a  portion  of  our  non-U.S.  undistributed  earnings  that  U.S.  tax  had

55

previously been provided for, and foreign tax credits expected to be realized in the foreseeable future. In
addition, two one-time benefits totaling $36.2 million related to valuation allowances were released during
2016.

In the fourth quarter of 2017, we executed international restructuring transactions that resulted in a
distribution  of  current  year  earnings  and  profits  and  the  associated  foreign  tax  credits.  The  distribution
resulted in the recognition of a benefit of $25.2 million related to excess foreign tax credits expected to be
realized in the foreseeable future. These current year earnings had previously been forecasted to qualify
for  the  indefinite  reinvestment  exception.  Our  change  in  assertion  for  these  investments  is  a  one-time
event and does not impact our past or future assertions regarding intent and ability to reinvest indefinitely.
In the third quarter of 2017, we recapitalized one of our European subsidiaries which resulted in us
indefinitely reinvesting a portion of our non-U.S. undistributed earnings that U.S. tax had previously been
provided for and released the associated $21.2 million deferred tax liability. These non-U.S. earnings are
now intended to be reinvested indefinitely outside of the U.S to meet the current and future cash needs of
our European operations.

In  the  second  quarter  of  2017,  valuation  allowances  in  the  amount  of  $59.9  million  in  the  United
Kingdom were released due to sufficient positive evidence. We evaluated the positive evidence against any
negative  evidence  and  determined  that  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  deferred  tax  assets  will  be
realized. This positive evidence includes an improvement in earnings, the use of net operating losses on a
taxable  basis,  and  better  management  of  pension  liabilities  due  to  positive  effects  of  pension  asset
management and stabilization of interest rates.

In  the  third  quarter  of  2016,  valuation  allowances  in  the  amount  of  $23.3  million  in  the  United
Kingdom were released due to sufficient positive evidence. We evaluated the positive evidence against any
negative  evidence  and  determined  the  valuation  allowances  were  no  longer  necessary.  This  positive
evidence includes reaching a position of cumulative income over a three-year period and the use of net
operating losses on a taxable basis. In addition, our United Kingdom affiliate has strong projected earnings
in the United Kingdom.

Also in the third quarter of 2016, our Australian affiliate made an election in Australia to combine the
tax results of the URS Australia business with the AECOM Australia business. This election resulted in the
ability to utilize the URS Australia businesses’ deferred tax assets against the combined future earnings of
the Australian group and accordingly, the valuation allowance of $12.9 million was released.

On  December  18,  2015,  President  Obama  signed  The  Protecting  Americans  from  Tax  Hikes  Act  into
law. This legislation extended various temporary tax provisions expiring on December 31, 2015, including
the permanent extension of the United States federal research credit. We recognized a discrete net benefit
in  the  first  quarter  of  2016  for  $10.1  million  attributable  to  the  retroactive  impact  of  the  extended
provisions.

Some operations in Canada continue to have losses and the associated valuation allowances could be
reduced if and when our current and forecast profits trend turns and sufficient evidence exists to support
the release of the related valuation allowance (approximately $26 million).

We  regularly  integrate  and  consolidate  our  business  operations  and  legal  entity  structure  and  such
internal  initiatives  could  impact  the  assessment  of  uncertain  tax  positions,  indefinite  reinvestment
assertions and the realizability of deferred tax assets.

Net Income Attributable to AECOM
The factors described above resulted in the net income attributable to AECOM of $339.4 million for
the  year  ended  September  30,  2017,  as  compared  to  the  net  income  attributable  to  AECOM  of
$96.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.

56

Results of Operations by Reportable Segment

Design and Consulting Services

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

Change
$

%

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$7,566.8
7,172.0
$ 394.8

($ in millions)
$7,655.8
7,273.3
$ 382.5

$ (89.0)
(101.3)
$ 12.3

(1.2)%
(1.4)
3.2%

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017
100.0%
94.8
5.2%

September 30,

2016
100.0%
95.0
5.0%

Revenue
Revenue  for  our  DCS  segment  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  decreased  $89.0  million,  or

1.2%, to $7,566.8 million as compared to $7,655.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.

The  decrease  in  revenue  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  was  primarily  attributable  to
decreases in the Americas of $110 million and a negative foreign currency impact of $70 million mostly due
to  the  strengthening  of  the  U.S.  dollar  against  the  British  pound.  These  decreases  were  offset  by  an
increase in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region of $100 million.

Gross Profit
Gross profit for our DCS segment for the year ended September 30, 2017 increased $12.3 million, or
3.2%,  to  $394.8  million  as  compared  to  $382.5  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2016.  As  a
percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 5.2% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2017
from 5.0% in the year ended September 30, 2016.

The  increase  in  gross  profit  and  gross  profit  as  a  percentage  of  revenue  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 2017 was primarily due to decreased intangible amortization expense, net of the margin fair
value adjustment, of $47 million, primarily from URS, partially offset by decreased project performance in
the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region.

Construction Services

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$7,295.6
7,202.7
92.9

$

($ in millions)
$6,371.1
6,345.7
25.4

$

$924.5
857.0
$ 67.5

14.5%
13.5
265.7%

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

Change

$

%

57

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017
100.0%
98.7
1.3%

September 30,

2016
100.0%
99.6
0.4%

Revenue
Revenue  for  our  CS  segment  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  increased  $924.5  million,  or

14.5%, to $7,295.6 million as compared to $6,371.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.

The  increase  in  revenue  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  was  primarily  attributable  to
approximately $700 million in increased revenue due to the construction of sports arenas in the Americas
and the construction of residential high-rise buildings in the city of New York. Additionally, the increase
was due to the inclusion of approximately $220 million of revenue from an entity acquired at the end of
fiscal 2016.

Gross Profit
Gross profit for our CS segment for the year ended September 30, 2017 increased $67.5 million, or
265.7%,  to  $92.9  million  as  compared  to  $25.4  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2016.  As  a
percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 1.3% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2017
from 0.4% in the year ended September 30, 2016.

The  increase  in  gross  profit  and  gross  profit  as  a  percentage  of  revenue  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 2017 was primarily due to increased profitability in our building construction businesses due
to the increases in revenue noted above. The increase was also due to improved profitability in our oil and
gas business.

Management Services

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

Change

$

%

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$3,341.0
3,145.0
$ 196.0

($ in millions)
$3,383.9
3,149.0
$ 234.9

$(42.9)
(4.0)
$(38.9)

(1.3)%
(0.1)
(16.6)%

The following table presents the percentage relationship of statement of operations items to revenue:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017
100.0%
94.1
5.9%

September 30,

2016
100.0%
93.1
6.9%

58

Revenue
Revenue  for  our  MS  segment  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  decreased  $42.9  million,  or

1.3%, to $3,341.0 million as compared to $3,383.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.

The decrease in revenue for the year ended September 30, 2017 was primarily due to the expected
accelerated  recovery  of  a  pension  related  entitlement  from  the  federal  government  of  approximately
$50 million recorded in the year ended September 30, 2016, which did not repeat in 2017.

Gross Profit
Gross profit for our MS segment for the year ended September 30, 2017 decreased $38.9 million, or
16.6%,  to  $196.0  million  as  compared  to  $234.9  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2016.  As  a
percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 5.9% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2017
from 6.9% in the year ended September 30, 2016.

The  decrease  in  gross  profit  and  gross  profit  as  a  percentage  of  revenue  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 2017 was primarily due to favorable adjustments from the prior year that did not repeat in
the  current  year.  These  adjustments  included  the  expected  accelerated  recovery  of  a  pension  related
entitlement from the federal government of approximately $50 million and favorable adjustments from an
acquisition  related  environmental  legal  matter  and  a  pension  curtailment  gain  totaling  approximately
$17  million,  net  of  noncontrolling  interests  ($20  million  impact  to  gross  profit).  These  decreases  were
partially offset by a benefit recorded in the three months ended December 31, 2016 of $35 million from the
favorable settlement of a federal lawsuit, net of legal fees.

AECOM Capital

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

($ in millions)

Change
$

%

Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$57.7
(8.7)

$ —
(6.0)

$57.7

0.0%
(2.7) 45.0%

During the three months ended June 30, 2017, AECOM Capital completed a transaction to sell its
50%  equity  interest  in  Provost  Square  I  LLC,  an  unconsolidated  joint  venture  which  invested  in  a  real
estate development in New Jersey, for $133 million, which resulted in net cash proceeds of $77 million and
a gain of $52 million in fiscal 2017.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flows
Our  principal  sources  of  liquidity  are  cash  flows  from  operations,  borrowings  under  our  credit
facilities,  and  access  to  financial  markets.  Our  principal  uses  of  cash  are  operating  expenses,  capital
expenditures,  working  capital  requirements,  acquisitions,  and  repayment  of  debt.  We  believe  our
anticipated  sources  of  liquidity  including  operating  cash  flows,  existing  cash  and  cash  equivalents,
borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility and our ability to issue debt or equity, if required,
will  be  sufficient  to  meet  our  projected  cash  requirements  for  at  least  the  next  12  months.  We  sold
non-core oil and gas assets in fiscal 2018 and we expect to sell additional non-core oil and gas assets in the
next twelve months. We expect to incur approximately $80 to $90 million in restructuring costs in the first
half of fiscal year 2019, and we also expect to evaluate our geographic exposure as part of a proposed plan
to  exit  more  than  30  countries,  subject  to  applicable  laws,  to  improve  profitability  and  reduce  our  risk
profile.

59

Generally,  we  do  not  provide  for  U.S.  taxes  or  foreign  withholding  taxes  on  gross  book-tax  basis
differences  in  our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries  because  such  basis  differences  are  able  to  and  intended  to  be
reinvested  indefinitely.  At  September  30,  2018,  we  have  not  determined  whether  we  will  continue  to
indefinitely reinvest the earnings of some foreign subsidiaries and therefore we will continue to account for
these undistributed earnings based on our existing accounting under ASC 740 and not accrue additional
tax outside of the one-time transition tax required under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on
December 22, 2017. Determination of the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liability on this
temporary difference is not practicable because of the complexities of the hypothetical calculation. Based
on the available sources of cash flows discussed above, we anticipate we will continue to have the ability to
permanently reinvest these remaining amounts.

At September 30, 2018, cash and cash equivalents were $886.7 million, an increase of $84.3 million, or
10.5%, from $802.4 million at September 30, 2017. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily
attributable  to  cash  provided  by  operating  activities  and  net  borrowings  under  our  credit  agreements,
partially offset by an early redemption of the 2014 5.75% Senior Notes due 2022 including a prepayment
premium, capital expenditures net of proceeds from disposals, net distributions to noncontrolling interest,
and repurchases of common stock.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $774.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2018,
an  increase  from  $696.7  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017.  The  increase  was  primarily
attributable to the timing of receipts and payments of working capital, which include accounts receivable,
accounts payable, accrued expenses, and billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts. The sale of
trade receivables to financial institutions during the year ended September 30, 2018 provided a net benefit
of $39.1 million as compared to a net favorable impact of $0.3 million during the year ended September 30,
2017. We expect to continue to sell trade receivables in the future as long as the terms continue to remain
favorable to us.

Net  cash  used  in  investing  activities  was  $59.1  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  as
compared  to  $202.7  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017.  This  decrease  in  cash  used  was
primarily attributable to a decrease in payments for business acquisitions of $103.1 million and an increase
in net return on investments from unconsolidated joint ventures of $39.0 million.

Net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  was  $624.9  million  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  as
compared to $386.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2017. This change was primarily attributable
to  the  repurchase  of  common  stock  under  an  accelerated  stock  repurchase  agreement  entered  into  in
August  2018  for  $150.0  million,  an  increase  in  net  distributions  made  to  noncontrolling  interests  of
$30.7 million and an increase in net repayments of debt of $48.2 million which includes net repayments
under credit agreements and redemption and issuance of unsecured senior notes.

Working Capital
Working  capital,  or  current  assets  less  current  liabilities,  decreased  $106.2  million,  or  9.6%,  to
$997.6  million  at  September  30,  2018  from  $1,103.8  million  at  September  30,  2017.  Net  accounts
receivable,  which  includes  billed  and  unbilled  costs  and  fees,  net  of  billings  in  excess  of  costs  on
uncompleted contracts, increased $312.5 million, or 7.4%, to $4,537.4 million at September 30, 2018 from
$4,224.9 million at September 30, 2017.

Days Sales Outstanding (DSO), which includes accounts receivable, net of billings in excess of costs
on uncompleted contracts, and excludes the effects of recent acquisitions, was 78 days at September 30,
2018 compared to 77 days at September 30, 2017.

In  Note  4,  Accounts  Receivable—Net,  in  the  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements,  a
comparative  analysis  of  the  various  components  of  accounts  receivable  is  provided.  Except  for  claims,
substantially all unbilled receivables are expected to be billed and collected within twelve months.

60

Unbilled receivables related to claims are recorded only if it is probable that the claim will result in
additional contract revenue and if the amount can be reliably estimated. In such cases, revenue is recorded
only  to  the  extent  that  contract  costs  relating  to  the  claim  have  been  incurred.  Award  fees  in  unbilled
receivables  are  accrued  only  when  there  is  sufficient  information  to  assess  contract  performance.  On
contracts that represent higher than normal risk or technical difficulty, award fees are generally deferred
until an award fee letter is received.

Because  our  revenue  depends  to  a  great  extent  on  billable  labor  hours,  most  of  our  charges  are
invoiced  following  the  end  of  the  month  in  which  the  hours  were  worked,  the  majority  usually  within
15 days. Other direct costs are normally billed along with labor hours. However, as opposed to salary costs,
which are generally paid on either a bi-weekly or monthly basis, other direct costs are generally not paid
until payment is received (in some cases, in the form of advances) from the customers.

Debt
Debt consisted of the following:

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

2014 Credit Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2014 Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2017 Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
URS Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: Current portion of debt and short-term borrowings
Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,433.8
800.0
1,000.0
247.9
191.8
3,673.5
(143.1)
(46.7)
$3,483.7

$ 908.7
1,600.0
1,000.0
247.7
140.0
3,896.4
(142.0)
(52.3)
$3,702.1

The following table presents, in millions, scheduled maturities of our debt as of September 30, 2018:

Fiscal Year
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

$ 143.1
92.5
341.5
304.9
458.8
2,332.7
$3,673.5

2014 Credit Agreement
We entered into a credit agreement (Credit Agreement) on October 17, 2014, which, as amended to
date, consists of (i) a term loan A facility that includes a $510 million (US) term loan A facility with a term
expiring  on  March  13,  2021  and  a  $500  million  Canadian  dollar  (CAD)  term  loan  A  facility  and  a
$250 million Australian dollar (AUD) term loan A facility, each with terms expiring on March 13, 2023;
(ii) a $600 million term loan B facility with a term expiring on March 13, 2025; and (iii) a revolving credit
facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.35 billion with a term expiring on March 13, 2023. Some of
our  subsidiaries  (Guarantors)  have  guaranteed  the  obligations  of  the  borrowers  under  the  Credit
Agreement. The borrowers’ obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on substantially

61

all of our assets and the Guarantors’ pursuant to a security and pledge agreement (Security Agreement).
The collateral under the Security Agreement is subject to release upon fulfillment of conditions specified
in the Credit Agreement and Security Agreement.

The  Credit  Agreement  contains  covenants  that  limit  our  ability  and  the  ability  of  some  of  our
subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist liens; (ii) incur or guarantee
indebtedness;  (iii)  pay  dividends  or  repurchase  stock;  (iv)  enter  into  transactions  with  affiliates;
(v)  consummate  asset  sales,  acquisitions  or  mergers;  (vi)  enter  into  various  types  of  burdensome
agreements; or (vii) make investments.

On  July  1,  2015,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  revise  the  definition  of  ‘‘Consolidated
EBITDA’’ to increase the allowance for acquisition and integration expenses related to our acquisition of
URS.

On  December  22,  2015,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  further  revise  the  definition  of
‘‘Consolidated  EBITDA’’  by  further  increasing  the  allowance  for  acquisition  and  integration  expenses
related to the acquisition of URS and to allow for an internal corporate restructuring primarily involving
our international subsidiaries.

On  September  29,  2016,  the  Credit  Agreement  and  the  Security  Agreement  were  amended  to
(1) lower the applicable interest rate margins for the term loan A and the revolving credit facilities, and
lower the applicable letter of credit fees and commitment fees to the revised consolidated leverage levels;
(2) extend the term of the term loan A and the revolving credit facility to September 29, 2021; (3) add a
new  delayed  draw  term  loan  A  facility  tranche  in  the  amount  of  $185.0  million;  (4)  replace  the  then
existing $500 million performance letter of credit facility with a $500 million basket to enter into secured
letters  of  credit  outside  the  Credit  Agreement;  and  (5)  revise  covenants,  including  the  Maximum
Consolidated Leverage Ratio so that the step down from a 5.00 to a 4.75 leverage ratio is effective as of
March 31, 2017 as well as the investment basket for our AECOM Capital business.

On  March  31,  2017,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  (1)  expand  the  ability  of  restricted
subsidiaries to borrow under ‘‘Incremental Term Loans’’; (2) revise the definition of ‘‘Working Capital’’ as
used  in  ‘‘Excess  Cash  Flow’’;  (3)  revise  the  definitions  for  ‘‘Consolidated  EBITDA’’  and  ‘‘Consolidated
Funded Indebtedness’’ to reflect the expected gain and debt repayment of an AECOM Capital disposition,
which  disposition  was  completed  on  April  28,  2017;  and  (4)  amend  provisions  relating  to  our  ability  to
undertake internal restructuring steps to accommodate changes in tax laws.

On  March  13,  2018,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  (1)  refinance  the  existing  term  loan  A
facility to include a $510 million (US) term loan A facility with a term expiring on March 13, 2021 and a
$500  million  CAD  term  loan  A  facility  and  a  $250  million  AUD  term  loan  A  facility  each  with  terms
expiring on March 13, 2023; (2) issue a new $600 million term loan B facility to institutional investors with
a  term  expiring  on  March  13,  2025;  (3)  increase  the  capacity  of  our  revolving  credit  facility  from
$1.05  billion  to  $1.35  billion  and  extend  its  term  until  March  13,  2023;  (4)  reduce  our  interest  rate
borrowing costs as follows: (a) the term loan B facility, at our election, Base Rate (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) plus 0.75% or Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1.75%, (b) the
(US) term loan A facility, at our election, Base Rate plus 0.50% or Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.50%, and
(c) the Canadian (CAD) term loan A facility, the Australian (AUD) term loan A facility, and the revolving
credit facility, an initial rate of, at our election, Base Rate plus 0.75% or Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.75%,
and after the end of our fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2018, Base Rate loans plus a margin ranging from
0.25%  to  1.00%  or  Eurocurrency  Rate  plus  a  margin  from  1.25%  to  2.00%,  based  on  the  Consolidated
Leverage  Ratio  (as  defined  in  the  Credit  Agreement);  (5)  revise  covenants  including  increasing  the
amounts  available  under  the  restricted  payment  negative  covenant  and  revising  the  Maximum
Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to include a 4.5 leverage ratio through
September 30, 2019 after which the leverage ratio steps down to 4.0.

62

Under the Credit Agreement, we are subject to a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and minimum
consolidated interest coverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. Our Consolidated Leverage Ratio
was 3.9 at September 30, 2018. Our Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio was 4.6 at September 30, 2018.
As of September 30, 2018, we were in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Agreement.

At  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  outstanding  standby  letters  of  credit  totaled  $28.7  million  and
$58.1 million, respectively, under our revolving credit facilities. As of September 30, 2018 and 2017, we had
$1,321.3 million and $991.9 million, respectively, available under our revolving credit facility.

2014 Senior Notes
On October 6, 2014, we completed a private placement offering of $800,000,000 aggregate principal
amount  of  the  unsecured  5.750%  Senior  Notes  due  2022  (2022  Notes)  and  $800,000,000  aggregate
principal amount of the unsecured 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes and, together with the
2022 Notes, the 2014 Senior Notes). On November 2, 2015, we completed an exchange offer to exchange
the unregistered 2014 Senior Notes for registered notes, as well as all related guarantees. On March 16,
2018, we redeemed all of the 2022 Notes at a redemption price that was 104.313% of the principal amount
outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest. The March 16, 2018 redemption resulted in a $34.5 million
prepayment premium, which was included in interest expense.

As  of  September  30,  2018,  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  2024  Notes  was  approximately
$844.0  million.  The  fair  value  of  the  2024  Notes  as  of  September  30,  2018  was  derived  by  taking  the
mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market
and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of the 2024 Notes.

At any time prior to July 15, 2024, we may redeem on one or more occasions all or part of the 2024
Notes  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  the  sum  of  (i)  100%  of  the  principal  amount  thereof,  plus  (ii)  a
‘‘make-whole’’ premium as of the date of the redemption, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date
of redemption. In addition, on or after July 15, 2024, the 2024 Notes may be redeemed at a redemption
price of 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.
The  indenture  pursuant  to  which  the  2024  Notes  were  issued  contains  customary  events  of  default,
including,  among  other  things,  payment  default,  exchange  default,  failure  to  provide  notices  thereunder
and provisions related to bankruptcy events. The indenture also contains customary negative covenants.

We were in compliance with the covenants relating to the 2024 Notes as of September 30, 2018.

2017 Senior Notes
On  February  21,  2017,  we  completed  a  private  placement  offering  of  $1,000,000,000  aggregate
principal amount of our unsecured 5.125% Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2017 Senior Notes) and used the
proceeds to immediately retire the remaining $127.6 million outstanding on the then existing term loan B
facility as well as repay $600 million of the term loan A facility and $250 million of the revolving credit
facility under our Credit Agreement. On June 30, 2017, we completed an exchange offer to exchange the
unregistered 2017 Senior Notes for registered notes, as well as related guarantees.

As  of  September  30,  2018,  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  2017  Senior  Notes  was  approximately
$965.0 million. The fair value of the 2017 Senior Notes as of September 30, 2018 was derived by taking the
mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market
and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of the 2017 Senior Notes. Interest will be payable on the 2017
Senior  Notes  at  a  rate  of  5.125%  per  annum.  Interest  on  the  2017  Senior  Notes  will  be  payable
semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2017. The 2017
Senior Notes will mature on March 15, 2027.

63

At any time and from time to time prior to December 15, 2026, we may redeem all or part of the 2017
Senior  Notes,  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  100%  of  their  principal  amount,  plus  a  ‘‘make  whole’’
premium as of the redemption date, and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.

In addition, at any time and from time to time prior to March 15, 2020, we may redeem up to 35% of
the  original  aggregate  principal  amount  of  the  2017  Senior  Notes  with  the  proceeds  of  one  or  more
qualified  equity  offerings,  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  105.125%,  plus  accrued  and  unpaid  interest.
Furthermore, at any time on or after December 15, 2026, we may redeem on one or more occasions all or
part of the 2017 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued
and unpaid interest.

The  indenture  pursuant  to  which  the  2017  Senior  Notes  were  issued  contains  customary  events  of
default,  including,  among  other  things,  payment  default,  exchange  default,  failure  to  provide  notices
thereunder and provisions related to bankruptcy events. The indenture also contains customary negative
covenants.

We were in compliance with the covenants relating to the 2017 Senior Notes as of September 30, 2018.

URS Senior Notes
In connection with the URS acquisition, we assumed the URS 3.85% Senior Notes due 2017 (2017
URS  Senior  Notes)  and  the  URS  5.00%  Senior  Notes  due  2022  (2022  URS  Senior  Notes),  totaling
$1.0 billion (URS Senior Notes). The URS acquisition triggered change in control provisions in the URS
Senior Notes that allowed the holders of the URS Senior Notes to redeem their URS Senior Notes at a
cash  price  equal  to  101%  of  the  principal  amount  and,  accordingly,  we  redeemed  $572.3  million  of  the
URS Senior Notes on October 24, 2014. The remaining 2017 URS Senior Notes matured and were fully
redeemed on April 3, 2017 for $179.2 million using proceeds from a $185 million delayed draw term loan A
facility tranche under the Credit Agreement. The 2022 URS Senior Notes are general unsecured senior
obligations of AECOM Global II, LLC as successor in interest to URS) and are fully and unconditionally
guaranteed on a joint-and-several basis by some former URS domestic subsidiary guarantors.

As of September 30, 2018, the estimated fair value of the 2022 URS Senior Notes was approximately
$251.0 million. The carrying value of the 2022 URS Senior Notes on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
September 30, 2018 was $247.9 million. The fair value of the 2022 URS Senior Notes as of September 30,
2018 was derived by taking the mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2)
in the secondary bond market and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of the 2022 URS Senior Notes.
As of September 30, 2018, we were in compliance with the covenants relating to the 2022 URS Senior

Notes.

Other Debt and Other Items
Other  debt  consists  primarily  of  obligations  under  capital  leases  and  loans,  and  unsecured  credit
facilities.  Our  unsecured  credit  facilities  are  primarily  used  for  standby  letters  of  credit  issued  in
connection  with  general  and  professional  liability  insurance  programs  and  for  contract  performance
guarantees.  At  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  these  outstanding  standby  letters  of  credit  totaled
$486.4 million and $445.7 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2018, we had $480.3 million available
under these unsecured credit facilities.

Effective Interest Rate
Our  average  effective  interest  rate  on  our  total  debt,  including  the  effects  of  the  interest  rate  swap
agreements,  during  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016  was  4.6%,  4.6%  and  4.4%,
respectively.

64

Interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended September 30, 2018
included a prepayment premium of $34.5 million to redeem the 2022 Notes. Additionally, amortization of
deferred  debt  issuance  costs  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  and  2017  was  $18.1  million  and
$17.5 million, respectively.

Other Commitments
We  enter  into  various  joint  venture  arrangements  to  provide  architectural,  engineering,  program
management,  construction  management  and  operations  and  maintenance  services.  The  ownership
percentage of these joint ventures is typically representative of the work to be performed or the amount of
risk assumed by each joint venture partner. Some of these joint ventures are considered variable interest.
We  have  consolidated  all  joint  ventures  for  which  we  have  control.  For  all  others,  our  portion  of  the
earnings is recorded in equity in earnings of joint ventures. See Note 6 in the notes to our consolidated
financial statements.

Other than normal property and equipment additions and replacements, expenditures to further the
implementation  of  our  various  information  technology  systems,  commitments  under  our  incentive
compensation programs, amounts we may expend to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program
and acquisitions from time to time, we currently do not have any significant capital expenditures or outlays
planned  except  as  described  below.  However,  if  we  acquire  additional  businesses  in  the  future  or  if  we
embark on other capital-intensive initiatives, additional working capital may be required.

Under our secured revolving credit facility and other facilities discussed in Other Debt above, as of
September  30,  2018,  there  was  approximately  $515.1  million  outstanding  under  standby  letters  of  credit
primarily issued in connection with general and professional liability insurance programs and for contract
performance  guarantees.  For  those  projects  for  which  we  have  issued  a  performance  guarantee,  if  the
project  subsequently  fails  to  meet  guaranteed  performance  standards,  we  may  either  incur  significant
additional  costs  or  be  held  responsible  for  the  costs  incurred  by  the  client  to  achieve  the  required
performance standards.

We recognized on our balance sheet the funded status of our pension benefit plans, measured as the
difference  between  the  fair  value  of  plan  assets  and  the  projected  benefit  obligation.  At  September  30,
2018,  our  defined  benefit  pension  plans  had  an  aggregate  deficit  (the  excess  of  projected  benefit
obligations  over  the  fair  value  of  plan  assets)  of  approximately  $400.5  million.  The  total  amounts  of
employer contributions paid for the year ended September 30, 2018 were $11.6 million for U.S. plans and
$27.8 million for non-U.S. plans. Funding requirements for each plan are determined based on the local
laws of the country where such plan resides. In some countries, the funding requirements are mandatory
while in other countries, they are discretionary. There is a required minimum contribution for one of our
domestic plans; however, we may make additional discretionary contributions. In the future, such pension
funding  may  increase  or  decrease  depending  on  changes  in  the  levels  of  interest  rates,  pension  plan
performance  and  other  factors.  In  addition,  we  have  collective  bargaining  agreements  with  unions  that
require  us  to  contribute  to  various  third  party  multiemployer  pension  plans  that  we  do  not  control  or
manage. For the year ended September 30, 2018, we contributed $49.8 million to multiemployer pension
plans.

Commitments and Contingencies
We  record  amounts  representing  our  probable  estimated  liabilities  relating  to  claims,  guarantees,
litigation, audits and investigations. We rely in part on qualified actuaries to assist us in determining the
level of reserves to establish for insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against us,
and for insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred based on actuarial analysis, but
have  not  yet  been  reported  to  our  claims  administrators  as  of  the  respective  balance  sheet  dates.  We
include  any  adjustments  to  such  insurance  reserves  in  our  consolidated  results  of  operations.  Our

65

reasonably possible loss disclosures are presented on a gross basis prior to the consideration of insurance
recoveries. We do not record gain contingencies until they are realized. In the ordinary course of business,
we may not be aware that we or our affiliates are under investigation and may not be aware of whether or
not a known investigation has been concluded.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  we  may  enter  into  various  arrangements  providing  financial  or
performance assurance to clients, lenders, or partners. Such arrangements include standby letters of credit,
surety  bonds,  and  corporate  guarantees  to  support  the  creditworthiness  or  the  project  execution
commitments of our affiliates, partnerships and joint ventures. Performance arrangements typically have
various  expiration  dates  ranging  from  the  completion  of  the  project  contract  and  extending  beyond
contract completion in some circumstances such as for warranties. We may also guarantee that a project,
when  complete,  will  achieve  specified  performance  standards.  If  the  project  subsequently  fails  to  meet
guaranteed  performance  standards,  we  may  incur  additional  costs,  pay  liquidated  damages  or  be  held
responsible  for  the  costs  incurred  by  the  client  to  achieve  the  required  performance  standards.  The
potential payment amount of an outstanding performance arrangement is typically the remaining cost of
work to be performed by or on behalf of third parties. Generally, under joint venture arrangements, if a
partner is financially unable to complete its share of the contract, the other partner(s) may be required to
complete those activities.

At  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  we  were  contingently  liable  in  the  amount  of  approximately
$515.1  million  and  $503.8  million,  respectively,  in  issued  standby  letters  of  credit  and  $5.3  billion  and
$5.7 billion, respectively, in issued surety bonds primarily to support project execution.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  we  enter  into  various  agreements  providing  financial  or
performance  assurances  to  clients  on  behalf  of  certain  unconsolidated  partnerships,  joint  ventures  and
other  jointly  executed  contracts.  These  agreements  are  entered  into  primarily  to  support  the  project
execution commitments of these entities.

In addition, in connection with the investment activities of AECOM Capital, we provide guarantees of
contractual obligations, including guarantees for completion of projects, repayment of debt, environmental
indemnity obligations and other lender required guarantees.

Our  investment  adviser  jointly  manages,  sponsors  and  owns  equity  interest  in  the  AECOM-Canyon
Equity Fund, L.P. (the ‘‘Fund’’), in which we have an ongoing capital commitment to fund investments. At
September 30, 2018, we have capital commitments of $35 million to the Fund over the next 10 years.

DOE Deactivation, Demolition, and Removal Project
Washington  Group  International,  an  Ohio  company  (WGI  Ohio),  an  affiliate  of  URS,  executed  a
cost-reimbursable  task  order  with  the  Department  of  Energy  (DOE)  in  2007  to  provide  deactivation,
demolition  and  removal  services  at  a  New  York  State  project  site  that,  during  2010,  experienced
contamination and performance issues and remains uncompleted. In February 2011, WGI Ohio and the
DOE  executed  a  Task  Order  Modification  that  changed  some  cost-reimbursable  contract  provisions  to
at-risk.  The  Task  Order  Modification,  including  subsequent  amendments,  requires  the  DOE  to  pay  all
project  costs  up  to  $106  million,  requires  WGI  Ohio  and  the  DOE  to  equally  share  in  all  project  costs
incurred  from  $106  million  to  $146  million,  and  requires  WGI  Ohio  to  pay  all  project  costs  exceeding
$146 million.

Due  to  unanticipated  requirements  and  permitting  delays  by  federal  and  state  agencies,  as  well  as
delays and related ground stabilization activities caused by Hurricane Irene in 2011, WGI Ohio has been
required to perform work outside the scope of the Task Order Modification. In December 2014, WGI Ohio
submitted  claims  against  the  DOE  pursuant  to  the  Contracts  Disputes  Acts  seeking  recovery  of
$103 million, including additional fees on changed work scope. WGI Ohio has incurred and continues to

66

incur  additional  project  costs  outside  the  scope  of  the  contract  as  a  result  of  differing  site  and  ground
conditions and intends to submit additional formal claims against the DOE.

Due  to  significant  delays  and  uncertainties  about  responsibilities  for  the  scope  of  remaining  work,
final project completion costs and other associated costs have exceeded $100 million over the contracted
and claimed amounts. WGI Ohio assets and liabilities, including the value of the above costs and claims,
were  measured  at  their  fair  value  on  October  17,  2014,  the  date  AECOM  acquired  WGI  Ohio’s  parent
company, see Note 3, which measurement has been reevaluated to account for developments pertaining to
this  matter.  Deconstruction  and  decommissioning  activities  are  completed  and  site  restoration  activities
are underway. WGI Ohio increased its receivable during the quarter ended June 30, 2018.

WGI  Ohio  can  provide  no  certainty  that  it  will  recover  the  claims  submitted  against  DOE  in
December 2014, any future claims or any other project costs after December 2014 that WGI Ohio may be
obligated to incur including the remaining project completion costs, which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations.

SR-91
One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, URS Corporation, entered into a partial fixed cost and partial
time  and  material  design  agreement  in  2012  with  a  design  build  contractor  for  a  state  route  highway
construction  project  in  Riverside  County  and  Orange  County,  California.  On  April  1,  2017,  URS
Corporation  filed  an  $8.2  million  amended  complaint  in  the  Superior  Court  of  California  against  the
design build contractor for its failure to pay for services performed under the design agreement. On July 3,
2017,  the  design  build  contractor  filed  an  amended  cross-complaint  against  URS  Corporation  and
AECOM  in  Superior  Court  alleging  breaches  of  contract,  negligent  interference  and  professional
negligence pertaining to URS Corporation’s performance of design services under the design agreement,
seeking purported damages of $70 million. On May 4, 2018, the design build contractor dismissed its claims
for  negligent  interference.  On  May  24,  2018,  URS  Corporation  filed  an  $11.9  million  second  amended
complaint in Superior Court against the design build contractor for its failure to pay for services performed
under  the  design  agreement.  URS  Corporation  and  AECOM  cannot  provide  assurances  that  URS
Corporation will be successful in the recovery of the amounts owed to it under the design agreement or in
their defense against the amounts alleged under the cross-complaint that they believe are without merit
and  that  they  intend  to  vigorously  defend  against.  The  potential  range  of  loss  in  excess  of  any  current
accrual cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, primarily because the matter involves complex factual
and legal issues; there is substantial uncertainty regarding any alleged damages, including due to liability of
and payments, by third parties; and the matter is at a discovery stage of litigation.

New York Department of Environmental Conservation
The following matter is disclosed pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 103, Instruction 5.C pertaining to
a  government  authority  environmental  claim  exceeding  $100,000  against  an  AECOM  affiliate.  In
September 2017, AECOM USA, Inc., one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, was advised by the New York
State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) of allegations that it committed environmental
permit  violations  pursuant  to  the  New  York  Environmental  Conservation  Law  (ECL)  associated  with
AECOM USA, Inc.’s oversight of a stream restoration project for Schoharie County which could result in
substantial penalties if calculated under the ECL’s maximum civil penalty provisions. AECOM USA, Inc.
disputes this claim and intends to continue to defend this matter vigorously; however, AECOM USA, Inc.,
cannot provide assurances that it will be successful in these efforts. The potential range of loss in excess of
any  current  accrual  cannot  be  reasonably  estimated  at  this  time,  primarily  because  the  matter  involves
complex  and  unique  environmental  and  regulatory  issues;  the  project  site  involves  the  oversight  and
involvement  of  various  local,  state  and  federal  government  agencies;  there  is  substantial  uncertainty
regarding any alleged damages; and the matter is in its preliminary stage of the government’s claims and
any negotiations of a consent order or other resolution.

67

Illinois Power Generating Company
Advatech,  LLC,  a  joint  venture  60%  owned  by  AECOM  Energy  &  Construction,  Inc.,  executed  a
fixed-cost  engineering,  procurement  and  construction  contract  for  a  flue-gas-desulfurization  system  at  a
coal-fired  power  plant  owned  by  Illinois  Power  Generating  Company,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of
Dynegy, Inc. (Genco). On September 2, 2016, Genco terminated Advatech’s contract for convenience and
Advatech subsequently submitted its final contractual invoice of approximately $81 million. Advatech filed
and perfected a mechanics lien on the Genco power plant property on October 17, 2016. On December 9,
2016,  Genco  filed  a  voluntary  petition  under  Chapter  11  of  the  United  States  Bankruptcy  Code  in  the
United  States  Bankruptcy  Court  for  the  Southern  District  of  Texas  and  its  plan  of  reorganization  was
approved  by  the  Bankruptcy  Court  on  January  25,  2017  (the  Bankruptcy  Plan).  Advatech’s  contractual
invoice  and  mechanics  lien  were  not  extinguished  per  the  terms  of  the  Bankruptcy  Plan  and  remain
outstanding  claims.  On  March  15,  2017,  Advatech  filed  a  demand  for  arbitration  and  on  July  21,  2017
submitted a Statement of Claim seeking reimbursement of approximately $81 million for Genco’s breach
of contract and failure to reimburse Advatech for all of the cost of work performed under the contract.
Advatech intends to vigorously prosecute this matter and seeks to collect all claimed amounts under
the terms of the contract; however, Advatech cannot provide assurance that it will be successful in these
efforts. The resolution of this matter and any potential range of loss in excess of any current accrual cannot
be  reasonably  determined  or  estimated  at  this  time,  primarily  because  the  matter  has  not  been  fully
arbitrated and presents unique regulatory, bankruptcy and contractual interpretation issues.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

The  following  summarizes  our  contractual  obligations  and  commercial  commitments  as  of

September 30, 2018:

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

Total

Less than
One Year

Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest on debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pension funding obligations(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total contractual obligations and commitments .

$3,673.5
1,162.3
1,312.0
41.5
$6,189.3

$143.1
200.6
253.3
41.5
$638.5

One to

Three Years
(in millions)
$ 434.0
385.0
377.3
—
$1,196.3

Three to More than
Five Years
Five Years

$ 763.7
317.5
247.8

$2,332.7
259.2
433.6

$1,329.0

$3,025.5

(1) Represents  expected  fiscal  2019  contributions  to  fund  our  defined  benefit  pension  and  other
postretirement  plans.  Contributions  beyond  one  year  have  not  been  included  as  amounts  are  not
determinable.

New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting

In  May  2014,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (FASB)  issued  new  accounting  guidance
which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The new accounting guidance
establishes  principles  for  recognizing  revenue  upon  the  transfer  of  promised  goods  or  services  to
customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
services. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively
with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. Our evaluation of the impact of
the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements, including the expected impact on our business
processes, systems, and controls, and potential differences in the timing or method of revenue recognition
for our contracts, is substantially complete. We adopted the new standard on October 1, 2018, using the
modified  retrospective  method,  which  requires  recognizing  the  net  cumulative  effects  of  adoption  as  an
adjustment to retained earnings. Based on our current evaluation, we believe the impacts of adoption will

68

be combining contracts that were previously segmented into a single performance obligation. However, we
do  not  anticipate  that  adoption  will  have  a  material  impact  on  our  financial  results  and  estimate  the
adjustment to retained earnings due to adoption will not be material.

In February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which changes accounting requirements
for leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from all leases,
including those classified as operating leases under previous accounting guidance, on the balance sheet. It
also  requires  disclosure  of  key  information  about  leasing  arrangements  to  increase  transparency  and
comparability  among  organizations.  The  new  guidance  will  be  effective  for  our  fiscal  year  beginning
October  1,  2019  with  early  adoption  permitted.  The  new  guidance  must  be  adopted  using  a  modified
retrospective transition approach and provides for some practical expedients. We are currently evaluating
the impact that the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.

In  February  2016,  the  FASB  issued  new  accounting  guidance  to  clarify  that  a  change  in  the
counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument under previous
guidance  does  not,  in  and  of  itself,  require  redesignation  of  that  hedging  relationship  provided  that  all
other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. We adopted the new guidance on October 1, 2017; and
the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which eliminates the requirement to apply
the equity method of accounting retrospectively when a reporting entity obtains significant influence over a
previously held investment. We adopted the new guidance on October 1, 2017; and the adoption of this
guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In June 2016, the FASB issued a new credit loss standard that changes the impairment model for most
financial  assets  and  some  other  instruments.  The  new  guidance  will  replace  the  current  ‘‘incurred  loss’’
approach with an ‘‘expected loss’’ model for instruments measured at amortized cost. It also simplifies the
accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. The guidance will be effective
for our fiscal year starting October 1, 2020. We are currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance
will have on our consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance clarifying how entities should classify cash
receipts  and  cash  payments  on  the  statement  of  cash  flows.  The  new  guidance  also  clarifies  how  the
predominance  principle  should  be  applied  when  cash  receipts  and  cash  payments  have  aspects  of  more
than one class of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1,
2018 and early adoption is permitted. We do not expect that the new guidance will have a material impact
on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

In October 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance on how a single decision maker considers its
indirect  interests  when  performing  the  primary  beneficiary  analysis  under  the  variable  interest  model.
Under the new guidance, the single decision maker will consider its indirect interests on a proportionate
basis. We adopted the new guidance on October 1, 2017 and the adoption of this guidance did not have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In January 2017, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that changes the definition of a business
to  assist  companies  with  evaluating  when  a  set  of  transferred  assets  and  activities  is  a  business.  This
guidance requires the buyer to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is
concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of assets. We elected to adopt this guidance on July 1,
2018,  and  the  adoption  of  this  guidance  did  not  have  a  material  impact  on  our  consolidated  financial
statements.

In  January  2017,  the  FASB  issued  new  accounting  guidance  to  simplify  the  test  for  goodwill
impairment.  This  guidance  eliminates  step  two  from  the  goodwill  impairment  test.  Under  the  new
guidance, an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount
of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. However, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount

69

of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. We early adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2018 and the
adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In  March  2017,  the  FASB  issued  new  guidance  on  how  employers  that  sponsor  defined  benefit
pension  or  other  postretirement  benefit  plans  present  the  net  periodic  benefit  cost  in  the  income
statement.  Under  the  new  guidance,  employers  will  present  the  service  cost  component  of  net  periodic
benefit  cost  in  the  same  income  statement  line  items  as  other  employee  compensation  costs.  The  new
guidance was effective for us on October 1, 2018. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In August 2017, the FASB issued new accounting guidance on derivatives and hedging. This guidance
better  aligns  an  entity’s  risk  management  activities  and  financial  reporting  for  hedging  relationships
through  change  to  both  the  designation  and  measurement  guidance  for  qualifying  hedging  relationships
and  the  presentation  of  hedging  results.  We  early  adopted  the  guidance  on  January  1,  2018  and  the
adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In  October  2017,  the  FASB  issued  additional  guidance  regarding  accounting  for  intercompany
transfers  of  assets  other  than  inventory.  The  new  guidance  will  require  companies  to  account  for  the
income  tax  consequences  of  intercompany  transfers  of  assets  other  than  inventory  in  the  period  the
transfer occurs. We adopted this guidance on October 1, 2018, and estimate the adoption of this guidance
will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We  enter  into  various  joint  venture  arrangements  to  provide  architectural,  engineering,  program
management,  construction  management  and  operations  and  maintenance  services.  The  ownership
percentage of these joint ventures is typically representative of the work to be performed or the amount of
risk assumed by each joint venture partner. Some of these joint ventures are considered variable interest
entities. We have consolidated all joint ventures for which we have control. For all others, our portion of
the  earnings  are  recorded  in  equity  in  earnings  of  joint  ventures.  See  Note  6  in  the  notes  to  our
consolidated financial statements. We do not believe that we have any off-balance sheet arrangements that
have  or  are  reasonably  likely  to  have  a  current  or  future  effect  on  our  financial  condition,  changes  in
financial  condition,  revenues  or  expenses,  results  of  operations,  liquidity,  capital  expenditures  or  capital
resources that would be material to investors.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Financial Market Risks
We are exposed to market risk, primarily related to foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate
exposure  of  our  debt  obligations  that  bear  interest  based  on  floating  rates.  We  actively  monitor  these
exposures. Our objective is to reduce, where we deem appropriate to do so, fluctuations in earnings and
cash flows associated with changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. In order to accomplish this
objective, we sometimes enter into derivative financial instruments, such as forward contracts and interest
rate hedge contracts. It is our policy and practice to use derivative financial instruments only to the extent
necessary to manage our exposures. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

Foreign Exchange Rates
We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk resulting from our operations outside of the
U.S. We use foreign currency forward contracts from time to time to mitigate foreign currency risk. We
limit  exposure  to  foreign  currency  fluctuations  in  most  of  our  contracts  through  provisions  that  require
client payments in currencies corresponding to the currency in which costs are incurred. As a result of this

70

natural hedge, we generally do not need to hedge foreign currency cash flows for contract work performed.
The functional currency of our significant foreign operations is the respective local currency.

Interest Rates
Our Credit Agreement and certain other debt obligations are subject to variable rate interest which
could be adversely affected by an increase in interest rates. As of September 30, 2018 and 2017, we had
$1,433.8  million  and  $908.7  million,  respectively,  in  outstanding  borrowings  under  our  term  credit
agreements  and  our  revolving  credit  facility.  Interest  on  amounts  borrowed  under  these  agreements  is
subject  to  adjustment  based  on  specified  levels  of  financial  performance.  The  applicable  margin  that  is
added  to  the  borrowing’s  base  rate  can  range  from  0.25%  to  2.00%.  For  the  year  ended  September  30,
2018, our weighted average floating rate borrowings were $1,920.1 million, or $1,224.5 million excluding
borrowings with effective fixed interest rates due to interest rate swap agreements. If short term floating
interest rates had increased by 1.00%, our interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2018 would
have  increased  by  $12.2  million.  We  invest  our  cash  in  a  variety  of  financial  instruments,  consisting
principally  of  money  market  securities  or  other  highly  liquid,  short-term  securities  that  are  subject  to
minimal credit and market risk.

71

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

AECOM

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

September 30, 2018

Audited Annual Consolidated Financial Statements
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2018 and 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016 .
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended September 30, 2018,

2017, and 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2018, 2017,

and 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016 .
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

73
76
77

78

79
80
81

72

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of AECOM

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AECOM (the ‘‘Company’’) as of
September 30, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income
(loss), stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,
2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively
referred  to  as  the  ‘‘consolidated  financial  statements’’).  In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30,
2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended September 30, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board  (United  States)  (‘‘PCAOB’’),  the  Company’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of
September 30, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report
dated November 13, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is
to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company’s  financial  statements  based  on  our  audits.  We  are  a  public
accounting  firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are  free  of  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud.  Our  audits  included  performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a
test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as  evaluating  the  overall  presentation  of  the  financial  statements.  We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1990.

Los Angeles, CA
November 13, 2018

73

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of AECOM

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We  have  audited  AECOM’s  (the  ‘‘Company’’)  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of
September  30,  2018,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control—Integrated  Framework  issued  by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the ‘‘COSO
criteria’’).  In  our  opinion,  AECOM  maintained,  in  all  material  respects,  effective  internal  control  over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2018, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board  (United  States)  (‘‘PCAOB’’),  the  2018  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  dated
November 13, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The  Company’s  management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in
the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal  control  based  on  the  assessed  risk,  and  performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A  company’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable
assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for
external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company’s  internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to
permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements.

74

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Los Angeles, CA
November 13, 2018

75

AECOM

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in thousands, except share data)

ASSETS

September 30, 2018

September 30, 2017

CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash in consolidated joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable—net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income taxes receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT—NET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS—NET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURES . . . . . . . . .
GOODWILL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
INTANGIBLE ASSETS—NET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Short-term debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income taxes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current portion of long-term debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY—NET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PENSION BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LONG-TERM DEBT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 18)

AECOM STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY:

Common stock—authorized, 300,000,000 shares of $0.01 par value as of
September 30, 2018 and 2017; issued and outstanding 156,983,356 and
157,529,419 shares as of September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively . . . . .
Additional paid-in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL AECOM STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

642,168
244,565
886,733
5,468,821
585,152
59,800
126,816
7,127,322
614,062
159,396
310,661
5,921,116
319,892
228,682
$14,681,131

$

8,353
2,726,047
2,267,046
39,802
931,431
22,300
134,698
6,129,677
329,457
47,273
412,604
3,483,746
10,402,757

1,570
3,846,392
(703,330)
948,148
4,092,780
185,594
4,278,374
$14,681,131

$

665,871
136,491
802,362
5,127,743
696,718
—
55,399
6,682,222
621,357
171,331
364,223
5,992,881
415,096
149,846
$14,396,956

$

1,221
2,249,872
2,245,519
38,176
902,812
—
140,779
5,578,379
322,199
20,515
559,068
3,702,109
10,182,270

1,575
3,733,572
(700,661)
961,640
3,996,126
218,560
4,214,686
$14,396,956

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

76

AECOM

Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in thousands, except per share data)

Gross profit

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairment of assets held for sale, including goodwill . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Loss) gain on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated

subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net income attributable to AECOM per share:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Weighted average shares outstanding:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

$20,155,512
19,504,863
650,649
81,133
(135,787)
(168,178)
—
(2,949)
424,868
20,135
(267,519)
177,484
(19,643)
197,127

$18,203,402
17,519,682
683,720
141,582
(133,309)
—
(38,709)
572
653,856
6,636
(231,310)
429,182
7,706
421,476

(60,659)
136,468

0.86
0.84

$

$
$

$

$
$

(82,086)
339,390

2.18
2.13

$17,410,825
16,768,001
642,824
104,032
(115,088)
—
(213,642)
(42,589)
375,537
8,180
(258,162)
125,555
(37,917)
163,472

(67,363)
96,109

0.62
0.62

$

$
$

159,101
162,261

155,728
159,135

154,772
156,073

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

77

AECOM

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(in thousands)

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax:

Net unrealized gain on derivatives, net of tax . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pension adjustments, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . .

Noncontrolling interests in comprehensive income of

consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AECOM,

net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

$197,127

$421,476

$ 163,472

1,693
(82,717)
79,523
(1,501)
195,626

4,605
65,389
87,061
157,055
578,531

5,987
(65,224)
(164,911)
(224,148)
(60,676)

(61,827)

(82,220)

(65,697)

$133,799

$496,311

$(126,373)

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

78

AECOM

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity

(in thousands)

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . .
Issuance of stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from exercise of options . . . . . .
Stock based compensation . . . . . . . . . . .
Other transactions with noncontrolling

interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contributions from noncontrolling interests
Distributions to noncontrolling interests
. .
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cumulative effect of accounting standard

adoption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income . . . . . . . . .
Issuance of stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from exercise of options . . . . . .
Stock based compensation . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition of noncontrolling interests
. . .
Other noncontrolling interests
. . . . . . . .
Contributions from noncontrolling interests
Distributions to noncontrolling interests
. .
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2017 . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . .
Issuance of stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of stock under stock

repurchase program . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from exercise of options . . . . . .
Stock based compensation . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncontrolling interests
. . . . . . . .
Contributions from noncontrolling interests
Distributions to noncontrolling interests
. .
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 . .

Comprehensive Retained Stockholders’ Controlling Stockholders’

Additional

Paid-In
Capital

Accumulated

Other

Loss

$3,518,999

$(635,100)

Common

Stock
$1,513

(222,482)

21
1
4

28,065
(25,893)
9,942
73,406

Earnings
$ 522,336
96,109

1,539

3,604,519

(857,582)

156,921

41
(7)
2

66,624
(25,071)
4,876
83,774
(1,150)

1,575

3,733,572

(700,661)

(2,669)

42

(40)
(8)
1

68,069

(31,093)
2,749
73,095

618,445
339,390

3,805

961,640
136,468

(149,960)

Total

AECOM

Equity

$3,407,748
96,109
(222,482)
28,086
(25,892)
9,946
73,406

3,366,921
339,390

3,805
156,921
66,665
(25,078)
4,878
83,774
(1,150)

3,996,126
136,468
(2,669)
68,111

(150,000)
(31,101)
2,750
73,095

Non-

Interests
$ 223,195
67,363
(1,666)

(155)
2,006
(105,175)
185,568
82,086

134

9,808
2,282
(61,318)
218,560
60,659
1,168

(5,012)
7,729
(97,510)
$ 185,594

Total

Equity

$3,630,943
163,472
(224,148)
28,086
(25,892)
9,946
73,406

(155)
2,006
(105,175)
3,552,489
421,476

3,805
157,055
66,665
(25,078)
4,878
83,774
(1,150)
9,808
2,282
(61,318)
4,214,686
197,127
(1,501)
68,111

(150,000)
(31,101)
2,750
73,095
(5,012)
7,729
(97,510)
$4,278,374

$1,570

$3,846,392

$(703,330)

$ 948,148

$4,092,780

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

79

AECOM

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(in thousands)

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.
.
.

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net income .
.
.
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
Depreciation and amortization .
.
.
.
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures .
.
.
.
Distribution of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures .
.
Non-cash stock compensation .
.
.
.
Prepayment premium on redemption of unsecured senior notes .
.
Impairment of assets held for sale, including goodwill
.
.
.
.
.
Foreign currency translation .
.
.
.
.
Write-off of debt issuance costs .
.
.
.
.
Deferred income tax expense (benefit) .
.
.
.
Pension curtailment and settlement gains
.
.
.
.
Loss (gain) on disposal activities .
.
Other .
.
.
.
.
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
Accounts receivable .
.
.
.
Prepaid expenses and other assets .
.
Accounts payable .
.
.
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
.
Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts .
Other long-term liabilities
.
.
.
Income taxes payable .
.

.
.
Net cash provided by operating activities .

.
.
.
.
.
.
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired .
.
Proceeds from purchase price adjustment on business acquisition .
Cash acquired from consolidation of joint venture .
.
.
.
Proceeds from disposal of businesses, net of cash disposed .
.
.
Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures .
.
.
.
Return of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures .
.
.
.
.
Proceeds from sales of investments .
.
.
.
.
Payments for purchase of investments .
.
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Payments for capital expenditures
.
.
.
.

.
Net cash used in investing activities .

.
.
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
Proceeds from borrowings under credit agreements .
.
.
Repayments of borrowings under credit agreements
.
.
Issuance of unsecured senior notes .
.
.
.
Redemption of unsecured senior notes
.
.
.
Prepayment premium on redemption of unsecured senior notes .
.
.
Cash paid for debt issuance costs
.
.
.
Proceeds from issuance of common stock .
Proceeds from exercise of stock options .
.
.
.
Payments to repurchase common stock under the share repurchase program .
.
Payments to repurchase common stock .
.
.
Net distributions to noncontrolling interests .
.
.
Other financing activities .
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH .
.
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS .
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR .
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR .
.

.
Net cash used in financing activities .

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.
.

.
.

.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
.

Common stock issued in acquisitions .

.

.

.

.

.

.

Debt assumed from acquisitions

Interest paid .

.

.

.

.

.

Net income taxes paid .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

$

197,127

$

421,476

$

163,472

267,570
(81,133)
118,712
73,095
34,504
168,178
(48,270)
7,048
36,746
—
2,949
(472)

(381,787)
(75,980)
474,950
16,848
2,729
(39,887)
1,626
774,553

—
2,203
7,630
19,537
(91,030)
105,769
7,174
(23,492)
26,401
(113,279)
(59,087)

8,529,014
(8,040,262)
—
(800,000)
(34,504)
(12,181)
35,233
2,750
(150,000)
(29,466)
(89,781)
(35,671)
(624,868)
(6,227)
84,371
802,362
886,733

$

$

$

$

$

—

—

271,842

40,589

278,631
(141,582)
137,031
83,774
—
—
6,007
—
(49,856)
—
(572)
(15,062)

(432,769)
(21,780)
292,496
(53,126)
234,116
(68,714)
26,584
696,654

(103,075)
—
—
2,200
(59,684)
35,407
900
—
7,895
(86,354)
(202,711)

5,953,249
(7,071,602)
1,000,000
(179,208)
—
(13,041)
30,093
4,878
—
(25,078)
(59,036)
(26,745)
(386,490)
2,764
110,217
692,145
802,362

$

$

$

$

$

36,611

31,353

226,090

11,540

398,730
(104,032)
149,215
73,406
—
—
(25,494)
7,749
(110,122)
(7,818)
42,589
2,430

337,291
(16,257)
16,616
(154,096)
(22,949)
53,411
10,014
814,155

(5,534)
—
—
39,699
(76,707)
5,160
11,745
(214)
54,622
(191,386)
(162,615)

4,706,225
(5,199,961)
—
—
—
(10,447)
28,192
9,946
—
(25,892)
(103,169)
(42,873)
(637,979)
(5,309)
8,252
683,893
692,145

—

1,805

216,125

13,109

$

$

$

$

$

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.

.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

80

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECOM

1. Significant Accounting Policies

Organization—AECOM  and  its  consolidated  subsidiaries  design,  build,  finance  and  operate
infrastructure  assets  for  governments,  businesses  and  organizations  around  the  world.  The  Company
provides planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design services to commercial and government
clients worldwide in major end markets such as transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, water and
government. The Company also provides construction services, including building construction and energy,
infrastructure and industrial construction, primarily in the Americas. In addition, the Company provides
program  and  facilities  management  and  maintenance,  training,  logistics,  consulting,  technical  assistance,
and  systems  integration  and  information  technology  services,  primarily  for  agencies  of  the  U.S.
government and also for national governments around the world.

Fiscal Year—The Company reports results of operations based on 52 or 53-week periods ending on the
Friday nearest September 30. For clarity of presentation, all periods are presented as if the year ended on
September  30.  Fiscal  years  2018,  2017  and  2016  each  contained  52  weeks  and  ended  on  September  28,
September 29, and September 30, respectively.

Use  of  Estimates—The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at  the  date  of  the  financial  statements  and  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the
reporting period. The more significant estimates affecting amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements relate to revenues under long-term contracts and self-insurance accruals. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Principles of Consolidation and Presentation—The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of all majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. All
inter-company accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Also see Note 6 regarding joint ventures
and variable interest entities.

Revenue  Recognition—The  Company  generally  utilizes  a  cost-to-cost  approach  in  applying  the
percentage-of-completion  method  of  revenue  recognition.  Under  this  approach,  revenue  is  earned  in
proportion to total costs incurred, divided by total costs expected to be incurred. Recognition of revenue
and profit is dependent upon a number of factors, including the accuracy of a variety of estimates made at
the balance sheet date, engineering progress, material quantities, the achievement of milestones, penalty
provisions,  labor  productivity  and  cost  estimates  made  at  the  balance  sheet  date.  Due  to  uncertainties
inherent  in  the  estimation  process,  actual  completion  costs  may  vary  from  estimates.  If  estimated  total
costs on contracts indicate a loss, the Company recognizes that estimated loss within cost of revenues in
the period the estimated loss first becomes known. Liabilities recorded related to accrued contract losses
were not material as of September 30, 2018 and 2017.

In  the  course  of  providing  its  services,  the  Company  routinely  subcontracts  for  services  and  incurs
other direct costs on behalf of its clients. These costs are passed through to clients and, in accordance with
industry  practice  and  GAAP,  are  included  in  the  Company’s  revenue  and  cost  of  revenue.  Because
subcontractor services and other direct costs can change significantly from project to project and period to
period, changes in revenue may not be indicative of business trends. These subcontractor and other direct
costs  for  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016  were  $10.7  billion,  $9.2  billion  and
$8.4 billion, respectively.

81

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Cost-Reimbursable Contracts
Cost-reimbursable  contracts  consists  of  two  similar  contract  types:  (1)  cost-plus  contracts  and

(2) time-and-materials price contracts.

Cost-Plus Contracts. The Company enters into two major types of cost-plus contracts:

Cost-Plus Fixed Fee. Under cost-plus fixed fee contracts, the Company charges clients for its costs,
including both direct and indirect costs, plus a fixed negotiated fee. The total estimated cost plus the fixed
negotiated fee represents the total contract value. The Company recognizes revenue based on the actual
labor and other direct costs incurred, plus the portion of the fixed fee it has earned to date.

Cost-Plus  Fixed  Rate. Under  the  Company’s  cost-plus  fixed  rate  contracts,  the  Company  charges
clients  for  its  direct  and  indirect  costs  based  upon  a  negotiated  rate.  The  Company  recognizes  revenue
based on the actual total costs it has expended and the applicable fixed rate.

Certain cost-plus contracts provide for award fees or a penalty based on performance criteria in lieu of
a fixed fee or fixed rate. Other contracts include a base fee component plus a performance-based award
fee. In addition, the Company may share award fees with subcontractors. The Company records accruals
for  fee-sharing  as  fees  are  earned.  The  Company  generally  recognizes  revenue  to  the  extent  of  costs
actually incurred plus a proportionate amount of the fee expected to be earned. The Company takes the
award  fee  or  penalty  on  contracts  into  consideration  when  estimating  revenue  and  profit  rates,  and  it
records  revenue  related  to  the  award  fees  when  there  is  sufficient  information  to  assess  anticipated
contract  performance.  On  contracts  that  represent  higher  than  normal  risk  or  technical  difficulty,  the
Company  may  defer  all  award  fees  until  an  award  fee  letter  is  received.  Once  an  award  fee  letter  is
received, the estimated or accrued fees are adjusted to the actual award amount.

Certain  cost-plus  contracts  provide  for  incentive  fees  based  on  performance  against  contractual
milestones. The amount of the incentive fees varies, depending on whether the Company achieves above,
at,  or  below  target  results.  The  Company  originally  recognizes  revenue  on  these  contracts  based  upon
expected  results.  These  estimates  are  revised  when  necessary  based  upon  additional  information  that
becomes available as the contract progresses.

Time-and-Materials Price Contracts
Time-and-Materials  Price  Contracts. Under  time-and-materials  contracts,  the  Company  negotiates
hourly billing rates and charges its clients based on the actual time that it expends on a project. In addition,
clients reimburse the Company for its actual out-of-pocket costs of materials and other direct incidental
expenditures  that  it  incurs  in  connection  with  its  performance  under  the  contract.  Profit  margins  on
time-and-materials contracts fluctuate based on actual labor and overhead costs that it directly charges or
allocates  to  contracts  compared  to  negotiated  billing  rates.  Many  of  the  Company’s  time-and-materials
contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue relating to these contracts is
recognized as if these contracts were a fixed-price contract.

Guaranteed Maximum Price Contracts
Guaranteed Maximum Price. Guaranteed maximum price contracts (GMP) are common for design-
build and commercial and residential projects. GMP contracts share many of the same contract provisions
as  cost-plus  and  fixed-price  contracts.  A  contractor  performing  work  pursuant  to  a  cost-plus,  GMP  or

82

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
fixed-price contract will all enter into trade contracts directly. Both cost-plus and GMP contracts generally
include  an  agreed  lump  sum  or  percentage  fee  which  is  called  out  and  separately  identified  and  the
contracts are considered ‘open’ book providing the owner with full disclosure of the project costs. A fixed-
price  contract  provides  the  owner  with  a  single  lump  sum  amount  without  specifically  identifying  the
breakdown of fee or costs and is typically ‘closed’ book thereby providing the owner with little detail as to
the project costs. In a GMP contract, unlike the cost-plus contract, the Company provides the owner with a
guaranteed price for the overall construction (adjusted for change orders issued by the owner) and with a
schedule which includes a completion date for the project. In addition, cost overruns in a GMP contract
would generally be the Company’s responsibility and in the event the Company’s actions or inactions result
in delays to the project, the Company may be responsible to the owner for costs associated with such delay.
For  many  of  the  Company’s  commercial  and  residential  GMP  contracts,  the  final  price  is  generally  not
established  until  the  Company  have  awarded  a  substantial  percentage  of  the  trade  contracts  and  it  has
negotiated additional contractual limitations, such as mutual waivers of consequential damages as well as
aggregate caps on liabilities and liquidated damages.

Fixed-Price Contracts
Fixed-Price. Fixed-price  contracting  is  the  predominant  contracting  method  outside  of  the  United
States. There are typically two types of fixed-price contracts. The first and more common type, lump-sum,
involves performing all of the work under the contract for a specified lump-sum fee. Lump-sum contracts
are typically subject to price adjustments if the scope of the project changes or unforeseen conditions arise.
The second type, fixed-unit price, involves performing an estimated number of units of work at an agreed
price  per  unit,  with  the  total  payment  under  the  contract  determined  by  the  actual  number  of  units
delivered. The Company recognizes revenue on fixed-price contracts using the percentage-of-completion
method  described  above.  Prior  to  completion,  recognized  profit  margins  on  any  fixed-price  contract
depend on the accuracy of the Company’s estimates and will increase to the extent that its actual costs are
below the estimated amounts. Conversely, if the Company’s costs exceed these estimates, its profit margins
will decrease and the Company may realize a loss on a project. The Company recognizes anticipated losses
on contracts in the period in which they become evident.

During  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016,  the  types  of  contracts  comprising  the

Company’s revenue were as follows:

Cost reimbursable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Guaranteed maximum price . . . . . . . . . . .
Fixed price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018
47%
23%
30%

September 30,

2017
48%
23%
29%

September 30,

2016
53%
15%
32%

Cost-reimbursable contracts include cost-plus and time-and-materials price contracts.

Contract Claims—Claims are amounts in excess of the agreed contract price (or amounts not included
in the original contract price) that the Company seeks to collect from customers or others for delays, errors
in  specifications  and  designs,  contract  terminations,  change  orders  in  dispute  or  unapproved  as  to  both
scope and price or other causes of unanticipated additional costs. The Company records contract revenue
related to claims only if it is probable that the claim will result in additional contract revenue and if the

83

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
amount  can  be  reliably  estimated.  In  such  cases,  the  Company  records  revenue  only  to  the  extent  that
contract costs relating to the claim have been incurred.

Government Contract Matters—The Company’s federal government and certain state and local agency
contracts  are  subject  to,  among  other  regulations,  regulations  issued  under  the  Federal  Acquisition
Regulations (FAR). These regulations can limit the recovery of certain specified indirect costs on contracts
and  subjects  the  Company  to  ongoing  multiple  audits  by  government  agencies  such  as  the  Defense
Contract Audit Agency (DCAA). In addition, most of the Company’s federal and state and local contracts
are subject to termination at the discretion of the client.

Audits  by  the  DCAA  and  other  agencies  consist  of  reviews  of  the  Company’s  overhead  rates,
operating systems and cost proposals to ensure that the Company accounted for such costs in accordance
with the Cost Accounting Standards of the FAR (CAS). If the DCAA determines the Company has not
accounted  for  such  costs  consistent  with  CAS,  the  DCAA  may  disallow  these  costs.  There  can  be  no
assurance  that  audits  by  the  DCAA  or  other  governmental  agencies  will  not  result  in  material  cost
disallowances in the future.

Cash and Cash Equivalents—The Company’s cash equivalents include highly liquid investments which

have an initial maturity of three months or less.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts—The Company records its accounts receivable net of an allowance for
doubtful accounts. This allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated based on management’s evaluation of
the contracts involved and the financial condition of its clients. The factors the Company considers in its
contract evaluations include, but are not limited to:

(cid:127) Client type—federal or state and local government or commercial client;
(cid:127) Historical contract performance;
(cid:127) Historical collection and delinquency trends;
(cid:127) Client credit worthiness; and
(cid:127) General economic conditions.

Derivative Financial Instruments—The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets

or liabilities and carries them at fair value.

For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are
designated  as  cash  flow  hedges,  the  effective  portion  of  the  gain  or  loss  on  the  derivative  instrument  is
reported  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  in  stockholders’  equity  and
reclassified  into  income  in  the  same  period  or  periods  during  which  the  hedged  transaction  affects
earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognized in
current  income.  To  receive  hedge  accounting  treatment,  cash  flow  hedges  must  be  highly  effective  in
offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions.

The  net  gain  or  loss  on  the  effective  portion  of  a  derivative  instrument  that  is  designated  as  an
economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure generated by the re-measurement of certain
assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  a  non-functional  currency  in  a  foreign  operation  is  reported  in  the

84

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
same manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to these
derivative instruments are recognized in current income.

Derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are adjusted to fair value through current income.

Fair  Value  of  Financial  Instruments—The  Company  determines  the  fair  values  of  its  financial
instruments, including short-term investments, debt instruments and derivative instruments, and pension
and  post-retirement  plan  assets  based  on  inputs  or  assumptions  that  market  participants  would  use  in
pricing  an  asset  or  a  liability.  The  Company  categorizes  its  instruments  using  a  valuation  hierarchy  for
disclosure of the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad
levels  as  follows:  Level  1  inputs  are  quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or
liabilities; Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that
are  observable  for  the  asset  or  liability,  either  directly  or  indirectly  through  market  corroboration,  for
substantially the full term of the financial instrument; Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the
Company’s assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. The classification of a financial
asset or liability within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
fair value measurement.

The  carrying  amounts  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  accounts  receivable  and  accounts  payable
approximate fair value because of the short maturities of these instruments. The carrying amount of the
revolving  credit  facility  approximates  fair  value  because  the  interest  rates  are  based  upon  variable
reference rates.

The Company’s fair value measurement methods may produce a fair value calculation that may not be
indicative  of  net  realizable  value  or  reflective  of  future  fair  values.  Although  the  Company  believes  its
valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those used by other market participants, the use of
different  methodologies  or  assumptions  to  determine  fair  value  could  result  in  a  different  fair  value
measurement at the reporting date.

Property and Equipment—Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated over their
estimated  useful  lives  using  the  straight-line  method.  Expenditures  for  maintenance  and  repairs  are
expensed as incurred. Typically, estimated useful lives range from ten to forty-five years for buildings, three
to  ten  years  for  furniture  and  fixtures  and  three  to  twelve  years  for  computer  systems  and  equipment.
Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful
lives or the remaining terms of the underlying lease agreement.

Long-lived Assets—Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the assets may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of an asset to be
held and used is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected from the use
and  eventual  disposition  of  the  asset.  For  assets  to  be  held  and  used,  impairment  losses  are  recognized
based upon the excess of the asset’s carrying amount over the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets
to be disposed, impairment losses are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost
to sell.

Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets—Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid over the fair
value of net assets acquired from an acquisition. In order to determine the amount of goodwill resulting
from  an  acquisition,  the  Company  performs  an  assessment  to  determine  the  value  of  the  acquired
company’s  tangible  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  and  liabilities.  In  its  assessment,  the  Company

85

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
determines  whether  identifiable  intangible  assets  exist,  which  typically  include  backlog  and  customer
relationships.  Intangible  assets  are  amortized  over  the  period  in  which  the  contractual  or  economic
benefits of the intangible assets are expected to be realized.

The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually for each reporting unit in the fourth quarter of
the  fiscal  year  and  between  annual  tests,  if  events  occur  or  circumstances  change  which  suggest  that
goodwill should be evaluated. Such events or circumstances include significant changes in legal factors and
business climate, recent losses at a reporting unit, and industry trends, among other factors. A reporting
unit  is  defined  as  an  operating  segment  or  one  level  below  an  operating  segment.  The  Company’s
impairment tests are performed at the operating segment level as they represent the Company’s reporting
units.

During the impairment test, the Company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit using income
and  market  approaches,  and  compares  that  amount  to  the  carrying  value  of  that  reporting  unit.  In  the
event  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit  is  determined  to  be  less  than  the  carrying  value,  goodwill  is
impaired, and an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill
allocated to the reporting unit. See also Note 3.

Pension Plans—The Company has certain defined benefit pension plans. The Company calculates the
market-related  value  of  assets,  which  is  used  to  determine  the  return-on-assets  component  of  annual
pension expense and the cumulative net unrecognized gain or loss subject to amortization. This calculation
reflects the Company’s anticipated long-term rate of return and amortization of the difference between the
actual return (including capital, dividends, and interest) and the expected return over a five-year period.
Cumulative  net  unrecognized  gains  or  losses  that  exceed  10%  of  the  greater  of  the  projected  benefit
obligation or the market related value of plan assets are subject to amortization.

Insurance Reserves—The Company maintains insurance for certain insurable business risks. Insurance
coverage  contains  various  retention  and  deductible  amounts  for  which  the  Company  accrues  a  liability
based upon reported claims and an actuarially determined estimated liability for certain claims incurred
but not reported. It is generally the Company’s policy not to accrue for any potential legal expense to be
incurred  in  defending  the  Company’s  position.  The  Company  believes  that  its  accruals  for  estimated
liabilities associated with professional and other liabilities are sufficient and any excess liability beyond the
accrual  is  not  expected  to  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  Company’s  results  of  operations  or
financial position.

Foreign Currency Translation—The Company’s functional currency is generally the U.S. dollar, except
for foreign operations where the functional currency is generally the local currency. Results of operations
for foreign entities are translated to U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates during the period. Assets
and  liabilities  for  foreign  entities  are  translated  using  the  exchange  rates  in  effect  as  of  the  date  of  the
balance sheet. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a foreign currency translation adjustment
into other accumulated comprehensive income/(loss) in stockholders’ equity.

The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts from time to time to mitigate foreign currency
risk.  The  Company  limits  exposure  to  foreign  currency  fluctuations  in  most  of  its  contracts  through
provisions  that  require  client  payments  in  currencies  corresponding  to  the  currency  in  which  costs  are
incurred. As a result of this natural hedge, the Company generally does not need to hedge foreign currency
cash flows for contract work performed.

86

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Noncontrolling  Interests—Noncontrolling  interests  represent  the  equity  investments  of  the  minority
owners in the Company’s joint ventures and other subsidiary entities that the Company consolidates in its
financial statements.

Income  Taxes—The  Company  files  a  consolidated  U.S.  federal  corporate  income  tax  return  and
combined / consolidated state tax returns and separate company state tax returns. The Company accounts
for certain income and expense items differently for financial reporting and income tax purposes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax
basis  of  assets  and  liabilities,  applying  enacted  statutory  tax  rates  in  effect  for  the  year  in  which  the
differences  are  expected  to  reverse.  In  determining  the  need  for  a  valuation  allowance,  management
reviews  both  positive  and  negative  evidence,  including  the  nature,  frequency,  and  severity  of  cumulative
financial  reporting  losses  in  recent  years,  the  future  reversal  of  existing  temporary  differences,
predictability  of  future  taxable  income  exclusive  of  reversing  temporary  differences  of  the  character
necessary  to  realize  the  asset,  relevant  carryforward  periods,  taxable  income  in  carry-back  years  if
carry-back  is  permitted  under  tax  law,  and  prudent  and  feasible  tax  planning  strategies  that  would  be
implemented, if necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset that would otherwise expire.
Based upon management’s assessment of all available evidence, the Company has concluded that it is more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance, will be realized.

2. New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting

In  May  2014,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (FASB)  issued  new  accounting  guidance
which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The new accounting guidance
establishes  principles  for  recognizing  revenue  upon  the  transfer  of  promised  goods  or  services  to
customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
services. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively
with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company’s evaluation of the
impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements, including the expected impact on its
business  processes,  systems,  and  controls,  and  potential  differences  in  the  timing  or  method  of  revenue
recognition  for  its  contracts,  is  substantially  complete.  The  Company  adopted  the  new  standard  on
October 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective method, which requires recognizing the net cumulative
effects of adoption as an adjustment to retained earnings. Based on its current evaluation, the Company
believes  the  impacts  of  adoption  to  be  primarily  related  to  combining  contracts  that  were  previously
segmented into a single performance obligation. However, the Company does not anticipate that adoption
will have a material impact on its financial results and estimates the adjustment to retained earnings due to
adoption will not be material.

In February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which changes accounting requirements
for leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from all leases,
including those classified as operating leases under previous accounting guidance, on the balance sheet. It
also  requires  disclosure  of  key  information  about  leasing  arrangements  to  increase  transparency  and
comparability  among  organizations.  The  new  guidance  will  be  effective  for  the  Company’s  fiscal  year
beginning  October  1,  2019  with  early  adoption  permitted.  The  new  guidance  must  be  adopted  using  a
modified  retrospective  transition  approach  and  provides  for  some  practical  expedients.  The  Company  is
currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.

87

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

2. New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting (Continued)

In  February  2016,  the  FASB  issued  new  accounting  guidance  to  clarify  that  a  change  in  the
counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument under previous
guidance  does  not,  in  and  of  itself,  require  redesignation  of  that  hedging  relationship  provided  that  all
other  hedge  accounting  criteria  continue  to  be  met.  The  Company  adopted  the  new  guidance  on
October  1,  2017;  and  the  adoption  of  this  guidance  did  not  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Company’s
consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which eliminates the requirement to apply
the equity method of accounting retrospectively when a reporting entity obtains significant influence over a
previously held investment. The Company adopted the new guidance on October 1, 2017; and the adoption
of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

In June 2016, the FASB issued a new credit loss standard that changes the impairment model for most
financial  assets  and  some  other  instruments.  The  new  guidance  will  replace  the  current  ‘‘incurred  loss’’
approach with an ‘‘expected loss’’ model for instruments measured at amortized cost. It also simplifies the
accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. The guidance will be effective
for the Company’s fiscal year starting October 1, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
that the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance clarifying how entities should classify cash
receipts  and  cash  payments  on  the  statement  of  cash  flows.  The  new  guidance  also  clarifies  how  the
predominance  principle  should  be  applied  when  cash  receipts  and  cash  payments  have  aspects  of  more
than one class of cash flows. The new guidance will be effective for the Company in its fiscal year beginning
October 1, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect that the new guidance will
have a material impact on its consolidated statement of cash flows.

In October 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance on how a single decision maker considers its
indirect  interests  when  performing  the  primary  beneficiary  analysis  under  the  variable  interest  model.
Under the new guidance, the single decision maker will consider its indirect interests on a proportionate
basis. The Company adopted the new guidance on October 1, 2017 and the adoption of this guidance did
not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

In January 2017, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that changes the definition of a business
to  assist  companies  with  evaluating  when  a  set  of  transferred  assets  and  activities  is  a  business.  This
guidance requires the buyer to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is
concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of assets. The Company elected to adopt this guidance
on  July  1,  2018,  and  the  adoption  of  this  guidance  did  not  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Company’s
consolidated financial statements.

In  January  2017,  the  FASB  issued  new  accounting  guidance  to  simplify  the  test  for  goodwill
impairment.  This  guidance  eliminates  step  two  from  the  goodwill  impairment  test.  Under  the  new
guidance, an entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount
of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. However, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount
of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The Company early adopted the new guidance on January 1,
2018  and  the  adoption  of  this  guidance  did  not  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Company’s  consolidated
financial statements.

In  March  2017,  the  FASB  issued  new  guidance  on  how  employers  that  sponsor  defined  benefit
pension  or  other  postretirement  benefit  plans  present  the  net  periodic  benefit  cost  in  the  income

88

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

2. New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting (Continued)
statement.  Under  the  new  guidance,  employers  will  present  the  service  cost  component  of  net  periodic
benefit  cost  in  the  same  income  statement  line  items  as  other  employee  compensation  costs.  The  new
guidance was effective for the Company on October 1, 2018. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a
material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

In August 2017, the FASB issued new accounting guidance on derivatives and hedging. This guidance
better  aligns  an  entity’s  risk  management  activities  and  financial  reporting  for  hedging  relationships
through  change  to  both  the  designation  and  measurement  guidance  for  qualifying  hedging  relationships
and the presentation of hedging results. The Company early adopted the guidance on January 1, 2018 and
the  adoption  of  this  guidance  did  not  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  financial
statements.

In  October  2017,  the  FASB  issued  additional  guidance  regarding  accounting  for  intercompany
transfers  of  assets  other  than  inventory.  The  new  guidance  will  require  companies  to  account  for  the
income  tax  consequences  of  intercompany  transfers  of  assets  other  than  inventory  in  the  period  the
transfer occurs. The Company adopted this guidance on October 1, 2018, and estimates the adoption of
this guidance will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets

The  Company  completed  one  acquisition  during  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  and  two
acquisitions  during  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017  for  a  total  consideration  of  $5.6  million  and
$164.4 million, respectively. The business combinations did not meet the quantitative thresholds to require
separate  disclosures  based  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  net  assets,  investments  and  net  income.  The
acquisitions  were  accounted  for  under  the  purchase  method  of  accounting.  As  such,  the  purchase
considerations were allocated to acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their fair
values. The determination of fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires the Company to make
estimates  and  use  valuation  techniques  when  market  value  is  not  readily  available.  Transaction  costs
associated with business acquisitions are expensed as they are incurred.

On  October  17,  2014,  the  Company  completed  the  acquisition  of  the  U.S.  headquartered  URS
Corporation  (URS),  an  international  provider  of  engineering,  construction,  and  technical  services.  In
connection therewith, the Company acquired backlog and customer relationship intangible assets valued at
$973.8 million representing the fair value of existing contracts and the underlying customer relationships
that have lives ranging from 1 to 11 years (weighted average lives of approximately 3 years) in connection
with  the  URS  acquisition.  Acquired  accrued  expenses  and  other  current  liabilities  include  URS  project
liabilities and approximately $240 million related to estimated URS legal settlements and uninsured legal
damages; see Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies, including legal matters related to former URS
affiliates.

Amortization of intangible assets relating to URS, included in cost of revenue, was $68.4 million and
$83.6  million  during  the  twelve  months  ended  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  respectively.  Additionally,
included  in  equity  in  earnings  of  joint  ventures  and  noncontrolling  interests  was  intangible  amortization
expense  of  $7.1  million  and  $(8.5)  million,  respectively,  during  the  twelve  months  ended  September  30,
2018 and $9.4 million and $(8.5) million, respectively, during the twelve months ended September 30, 2017
related to joint venture fair value adjustments.

89

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)

Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts includes a margin fair value liability associated
with long-term contracts acquired. This margin fair value liability was $20.6 million at September 30, 2018
and $8.6 million at September 30, 2017, and is recognized as revenue on a percentage-of-completion basis
as  the  applicable  projects  progress.  Income  from  operations  related  to  the  margin  fair  value  liability
recognized  during  the  twelve  months  ended  September  30,  2018  and  2017  was  $21.1  million  and
$6.3 million, respectively.

Acquisition  and  integration  expenses,  relating  to  business  acquisitions,  in  the  accompanying

consolidated statements of operations are comprised of the following (in millions):

Fiscal

Year Ended
Sept 30, 2017

Severance and personnel costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Professional services, real estate-related, and other expenses . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

$32.0
6.7
$38.7

Included  in  severance  and  personnel  costs  for  the  twelve  months  ended  September  30,  2017  was
$9.8 million of severance expense, which was substantially all paid as of September 30, 2018. All acquisition
and integration expenses are classified within the Corporate segment, as presented in Note 19. Acquisition
and integration expenses associated with the URS acquisition are complete.

In the second quarter of fiscal 2018, management approved a plan to sell non-core oil and gas assets in
North  America,  included  in  the  Company’s  Construction  Services  segment  (the  Disposal  Group).  The
Company  classified  the  related  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Disposal  Group  as  held  for  sale  in  the
consolidated balance sheet. In the third quarter of fiscal 2018, the Company sold a portion of the assets in
the Disposal Group and recognized a $2.1 million loss on disposal. The remaining unsold portion of the
Disposal  Group  remains  classified  as  held  for  sale.  The  Company  recorded  losses  related  to  the
remeasurement  of  the  Disposal  Group  based  on  estimated  fair  value  less  costs  to  sell  resulting  in  total
asset  impairments  of  $168.2  million,  recorded  in  Impairment  of  assets  held  for  sale,  including  goodwill.
Fair value was estimated using Level 3 inputs, such as forecasted cash flows, and Level 2 inputs, including
bid prices from potential buyers. In connection with the classification of the Disposal Group as held for
sale,  the  Company  tested  the  amount  of  goodwill  and  other  intangible  assets  allocated  to  the  Disposal
Group  for  impairment.  The  Company  recorded  an  impairment  of  goodwill  during  the  year  ended
September  30,  2018  of  $125.4  million  and  an  impairment  of  intangible  and  other  noncurrent  assets  of
$42.8 million. As of September 30, 2018, current assets held for sale were primarily comprised of accounts
receivable of $44.5 million and property, plant and equipment of $14.9 million. As of September 30, 2018,
current  liabilities  held  for  sale  were  primarily  comprised  of  accounts  payable  of  $22.3  million.  The
Company  expects  to  complete  the  sale  of  the  remaining  Disposal  Group  assets  within  the  next  twelve
months.

Loss  on  disposal  activities  of  $42.6  million  in  the  accompanying  statements  of  operations  for  the
twelve  months  ended  September  30,  2016  included  losses  on  the  disposition  of  non-core  energy  related
businesses, equipment and other assets acquired with URS and reported within the Construction Services
segment. Net assets related to the loss on disposal activities were $112.8 million at the date of disposal.

90

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)

The  changes  in  the  carrying  value  of  goodwill  by  reportable  segment  for  the  fiscal  years  ended

September 30, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:

Fiscal Year 2018

September 30,

2017

Measurement

Period

Adjustment

Design and Consulting Services . . . . . .
Construction Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Management Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$3,218.9
1,049.9
1,724.1
$5,992.9

$ —
91.0
—
$91.0

Foreign
Exchange
Impact

$(29.7)
(6.6)
(1.1)
$(37.4)

September 30,

2018

$3,189.2
1,008.9
1,723.0
$5,921.1

Impairment

(in millions)
$ —
(125.4)
—
$(125.4)

Fiscal Year 2017

September 30,

2016

Acquisitions

Design and Consulting Services . . . . . . . .
Construction Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Management Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$3,198.2
915.2
1,710.4
$5,823.8

$
3.8
123.3
—
$127.1

Disposed
(in millions)
$(1.8)
—
—
$(1.8)

Foreign
Exchange
Impact

September 30,

2017

$18.7
11.4
13.7
$43.8

$3,218.9
1,049.9
1,724.1
$5,992.9

The gross amounts and accumulated amortization of the Company’s acquired identifiable intangible
assets with finite useful lives as of September 30, 2018 and 2017, included in intangible assets—net, in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were as follows:

September 30, 2018

September 30, 2017

Gross
Accumulated Intangible
Amount Amortization Assets, Net Amount Amortization Assets, Net

Accumulated Intangible Gross

Backlog and customer relationships . . $1,285.1
Trademark / tradename . . . . . . . . . .
18.3
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,303.4

$(966.0)
(17.5)
$(983.5)

(in millions)

$319.1
0.8
$319.9

$1,283.6
18.3
$1,301.9

$(870.2)
(16.6)
$(886.8)

$413.4
1.7
$415.1

Amortization

Period
(years)

1 - 11
0.3 - 2

91

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)

Amortization expense of acquired intangible assets included within cost of revenue was $96.7 million,
$102.7 million, and $202.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
The  following  table  presents  estimated  amortization  expense  of  existing  intangible  assets  for  the
succeeding years:

Fiscal Year
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(in millions)

$ 83.7
69.8
56.8
44.0
39.5
26.1
$319.9

4. Accounts Receivable—Net

Net accounts receivable consisted of the following:

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

Billed . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unbilled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contract retentions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total accounts receivable—gross . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Allowance for doubtful accounts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total accounts receivable—net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$2,697.7
2,161.0
661.7
5,520.4
(51.6)
$5,468.8

$2,317.8
2,293.5
568.6
5,179.9
(52.2)
$5,127.7

Billed accounts receivable represent amounts billed to clients that have yet to be collected. Unbilled
accounts  receivable  represents  the  contract  revenue  recognized  but  not  yet  billed  pursuant  to  contract
terms  or  accounts  billed  after  the  period  end.  Substantially  all  unbilled  receivables  as  of  September  30,
2018 and 2017 are expected to be billed and collected within twelve months, except for claims. Significant
claims  recorded  in  unbilled  receivables  and  other  non-current  assets  were  $266.0  million  and
$227.7  million  as  of  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  respectively,  and  included  an  amount  related  to  the
DOE  Deactivation,  Demolition,  and  Removal  Project  discussed  further  in  Note  18.  Contract  retentions
represent  amounts  invoiced  to  clients  where  payments  have  been  withheld  pending  the  completion  of
certain  milestones,  other  contractual  conditions  or  upon  the  completion  of  the  project.  These  retention
agreements vary from project to project and could be outstanding for several months or years.

Allowances  for  doubtful  accounts  have  been  determined  through  specific  identification  of  amounts
considered to be uncollectible and potential write-offs, plus a non-specific allowance for other amounts for
which some potential loss has been determined to be probable based on current and past experience.

Other  than  the  U.S.  government,  no  single  client  accounted  for  more  than  10%  of  the  Company’s

outstanding receivables at September 30, 2018 and 2017.

92

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

4. Accounts Receivable—Net (Continued)

The  Company  sold  trade  receivables  to  financial  institutions,  of  which  $334.2  million  and
$325.2 million were outstanding as of September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Company does not
retain  financial  or  legal  obligations  for  these  receivables  that  would  result  in  material  losses.  The
Company’s  ongoing  involvement  is  limited  to  the  remittance  of  customer  payments  to  the  financial
institutions with respect to the sold trade receivables.

5. Property and Equipment

Property and equipment, at cost, consists of the following:

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

Useful Lives

(years)

(in millions)
$

Building and land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Leasehold improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Computer systems and equipment . . . . . . . .
Furniture and fixtures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated depreciation and amortization .
Property and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . .

Total

$

75.2
399.2
741.2
132.5
1,348.1
(734.0)
$ 614.1

63.6
404.6
694.6
135.9
1,298.7
(677.3)
$ 621.4

10 - 45
1 - 20
3 - 12
3 - 10

Depreciation  expense  for  the  fiscal  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016  were
$158.5 million, $157.1 million, and $171.7 million, respectively. Depreciation is calculated using primarily
the  straight-line  method  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  assets,  or  in  the  case  of  leasehold
improvements and capitalized leases, the lesser of the remaining term of the lease or its estimated useful
life.

6. Joint Ventures and Variable Interest Entities

The Company’s joint ventures provide architecture, engineering, program management, construction
management,  operations  and  maintenance  services  and  invests  in  real  estate,  public-private  partnership
(P3)  and  infrastructure  projects.  Joint  ventures,  the  combination  of  two  or  more  partners,  are  generally
formed  for  a  specific  project.  Management  of  the  joint  venture  is  typically  controlled  by  a  joint  venture
executive  committee,  comprised  of  representatives  from  the  joint  venture  partners.  The  joint  venture
executive committee normally provides management oversight and controls decisions which could have a
significant impact on the joint venture.

Some of the Company’s joint ventures have no employees and minimal operating expenses. For these
joint  ventures,  the  Company’s  employees  perform  work  for  the  joint  venture,  which  is  then  billed  to  a
third-party customer by the joint venture. These joint ventures function as pass through entities to bill the
third-party customer. For consolidated joint ventures of this type, the Company records the entire amount
of the services performed and the costs associated with these services, including the services provided by
the other joint venture partners, in the Company’s result of operations. For certain of these joint ventures
where a fee is added by an unconsolidated joint venture to client billings, the Company’s portion of that fee
is recorded in equity in earnings of joint ventures.

93

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

6. Joint Ventures and Variable Interest Entities (Continued)

The Company also has joint ventures that have their own employees and operating expenses, and to
which the Company generally makes a capital contribution. The Company accounts for these joint ventures
either as consolidated entities or equity method investments based on the criteria further discussed below.
The Company follows guidance on the consolidation of variable interest entities (VIEs) that requires
companies to utilize a qualitative approach to determine whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE.
The  process  for  identifying  the  primary  beneficiary  of  a  VIE  requires  consideration  of  the  factors  that
indicate  a  party  has  the  power  to  direct  the  activities  that  most  significantly  impact  the  joint  venture’s
economic  performance,  including  powers  granted  to  the  joint  venture’s  program  manager,  powers
contained in the joint venture governing board and, to a certain extent, a company’s economic interest in
the joint venture. The Company analyzes its joint ventures and classifies them as either:

(cid:127) a  VIE  that  must  be  consolidated  because  the  Company  is  the  primary  beneficiary  or  the  joint
venture  is  not  a  VIE  and  the  Company  holds  the  majority  voting  interest  with  no  significant
participative rights available to the other partners; or

(cid:127) a VIE that does not require consolidation and is treated as an equity method investment because
the Company is not the primary beneficiary or the joint venture is not a VIE and the Company does
not hold the majority voting interest.

As  part  of  the  above  analysis,  if  it  is  determined  that  the  Company  has  the  power  to  direct  the
activities that most significantly impact the joint venture’s economic performance, the Company considers
whether  or  not  it  has  the  obligation  to  absorb  losses  or  rights  to  receive  benefits  of  the  VIE  that  could
potentially be significant to the VIE.

Contractually required support provided to the Company’s joint ventures is discussed in Note 18.
Summary of financial information of the consolidated joint ventures is as follows:

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total AECOM equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total owners’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities and owners’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,013.7
192.7
$1,206.4
$ 724.2
12.7
736.9
284.2
185.3
469.5
$1,206.4

$ 832.1
188.8
$1,020.9
$ 524.9
12.4
537.3
274.7
208.9
483.6
$1,020.9

Total  revenue  of  the  consolidated  joint  ventures  was  $2,525.0  million,  $1,933.5  million,  and
$1,935.2  million  for  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016,  respectively.  The  assets  of  the
Company’s consolidated joint ventures are restricted for use only by the particular joint venture and are
not available for the general operations of the Company.

94

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

6. Joint Ventures and Variable Interest Entities (Continued)

Summary  of  financial  information  of  the  unconsolidated  joint  ventures,  as  derived  from  their

unaudited financial statements, is as follows:

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

Current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Joint ventures’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities and joint ventures’ equity . . . . . . . . .
AECOM’s investment in joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,903.3
938.3
$2,841.6
$1,658.5
224.3
1,882.8
958.8
$2,841.6
$ 310.7

$1,912.2
749.8
$2,662.0
$1,570.2
185.1
1,755.3
906.7
$2,662.0
$ 364.2

Twelve Months Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$5,571.9
5,325.4
$ 246.5
$ 238.6

$5,561.8
5,305.5
$ 256.3
$ 244.8

Summary of AECOM’s equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures is as follows:

September 30,

2018

Pass through joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

$34.1
47.0
$81.1

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

September 30,

2016

$ 36.6
105.0
$141.6

$ 21.9
82.1
$104.0

Included in equity of earnings above, the Company recorded a gain of $52 million from a sale of its
50% equity interest in Provost Square I LLC, an unconsolidated joint venture that invested in a real estate
development in New Jersey, in fiscal year ended September 30, 2017.

7. Pension Benefit Obligations

In  the  U.S.,  the  Company  sponsors  various  qualified  defined  benefit  pension  plans.  Benefits  under
these plans generally are based on the employee’s years of creditable service and compensation; however,
all U.S. defined benefit plans are closed to new participants and have frozen accruals.

95

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)

The  Company  also  sponsors  various  non-qualified  plans  in  the  U.S.;  all  of  these  plans  are  frozen.
Outside the U.S., the Company sponsors various pension plans, which are appropriate to the country in
which the Company operates, some of which are government mandated.

The following tables provide reconciliations of the changes in the U.S. and international plans’ benefit
obligations,  reconciliations  of  the  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  assets  for  the  last  three  years  ended
September 30, and reconciliations of the funded status as of September 30 of each year.

Change in benefit obligation:

Benefit obligation at beginning of year . . .
Service cost
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Participant contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits and expenses paid . . . . . . . . . . .
Actuarial (gain) loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plan settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plan amendments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plan curtailments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation (gain) loss . .
Benefit obligation at end of year . . . . . . .

September 30,

2018

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

(in millions)

$683.0
4.9
0.2
20.7
(37.8)
(38.5)
—
0.6
—
—
$633.1

$1,333.5
1.1
0.4
32.0
(53.7)
(87.7)
(3.0)
—
(0.1)
(33.7)
$1,188.8

$720.0
4.3
0.1
19.2
(37.9)
(22.7)
—
—
—
—
$683.0

$1,406.2
1.3
0.4
28.3
(48.3)
(98.6)

$718.2
4.3
0.1
22.0
(37.4)
52.3
— (32.9)
0.2
—
(6.8)
—
—
44.2
$1,333.5
$720.0

$1,239.2
1.0
0.5
39.2
(41.9)
377.1
(0.7)
—
—
(208.2)
$1,406.2

September 30,

2018

U.S.

Int’l

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

U.S.

Int’l
(in millions)

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

Change in plan assets

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year .
Actual return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Employer contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Participant contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits and expenses paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plan settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation gain (loss) . . . . .
Fair value of plan assets at end of year . . . . . .

$470.4
$993.1
11.1
29.3
11.6
27.8
0.2
0.4
(37.8)
(53.7)
—
(3.0)
— (28.0)
$965.9

$455.5

$456.9
39.0
12.3
0.1
(37.9)
—
—
$470.4

96

$973.2
9.6
25.8
0.4
(48.3)

$459.0
49.6
18.5
0.1
(37.4)
— (32.9)

$ 925.8
215.9
20.2
0.5
(41.9)
(0.7)
— (146.6)
$ 973.2

32.4
$993.1

$456.9

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)

September 30,

2018

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

(in millions)

Reconciliation of funded status:
Funded status at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . .
Contribution made after measurement date .
Net amount recognized at end of year . . . . .

$(177.6) $(222.9) $(212.6) $(340.4) $(263.1) $(433.0)
N/A
$(177.6) $(222.9) $(212.6) $(340.4) $(263.1) $(433.0)

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

The  following  table  sets  forth  the  amounts  recognized  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  as  of

September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016:

Amounts recognized in the consolidated

balance sheets:
Other non-current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued expenses and other current

liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pension benefit obligations . . . . . . . . . . .
Net amount recognized in the balance

sheet

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

September 30,

2018

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

(in millions)

$

2.5

$ 19.1

$

2.3

$ 13.9

$

2.0

$

5.3

(9.5)
(170.6)

—
(242.0)

(10.1)
(204.8)

—
(354.3)

(9.3)
(255.8)

—
(438.3)

$(177.6) $(222.9) $(212.6) $(340.4) $(263.1) $(433.0)

The  following  table  details  the  reconciliation  of  amounts  in  the  consolidated  statements  of

stockholders’ equity for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016:

September 30,

2018

U.S.

Int’l

Fiscal Year Ended
September 30,

2017

U.S.

Int’l
(in millions)

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

Reconciliation of amounts in consolidated

statements of stockholders’ equity:
Prior service (cost) credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total recognized in accumulated other

comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ (0.8) $
(72.5)

4.1
(186.4)

$ (0.2) $
(94.6)

4.4
(263.7)

(0.2) $

$
(129.6)

4.4
(343.3)

$(73.3) $(182.3) $(94.8) $(259.3) $(129.8) $(338.9)

97

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)

The  following  table  details  the  components  of  net  periodic  benefit  cost  for  the  Company’s  pension

plans for fiscal years ended September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016:

Components of net periodic (benefit) cost:

Service costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation . . . .
Expected return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of prior service credits . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of net loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Curtailment gain recognized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlement (gain) loss recognized . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net periodic (benefit) cost

September 30,

2018

U.S.

Int’l

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

U.S.
Int’l
(in millions)

$ 4.9
20.7
(31.5)
0.1
4.0
—
—

$ 1.1
32.0
(43.1)
(0.1)
8.2
—
0.3

$ 1.3
28.3
(41.5)
(0.2)
13.0
—
—
$ (1.8) $ (1.6) $ (3.2) $ 0.9

$ 4.3
19.2
(31.0)
—
4.3
—
—

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

$ 4.3
22.0
(30.8)
—
4.0
(6.8)
(0.9)

$ 1.0
39.2
(48.0)
(0.2)
5.4
—
0.1
$ (8.2) $ (2.5)

The  amount  of  applicable  deferred  income  taxes  included  in  other  comprehensive  income  arising
from a change in net prior service cost and net gain/loss was $19.1 million, $27.6 million, and $26.2 million
in the years ended September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Amounts  included  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss  as  of  September  30,  2018  that  are
expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost during fiscal 2019 are (in millions):

Amortization of prior service credit
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of net actuarial losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

U.S.
Int’l
$(0.1) $ 0.2
(3.6)
(4.1)
$(3.7) $(3.9)

The table below provides additional year-end information for pension plans with accumulated benefit

obligations in excess of plan assets.

September 30,

2018

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

(in millions)

Projected benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . .
Fair value of plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,220.3
1,215.7
782.1
Funding requirements for each pension plan are determined based on the local laws of the country
where  such  pension  plan  resides.  In  certain  countries,  the  funding  requirements  are  mandatory  while  in
other countries, they are discretionary. The Company currently intends to contribute $27.2 million to the
international plans in fiscal 2019. The required minimum contributions for U.S. plans are not significant.

$1,002.6
991.9
760.7

$1,158.3
1,145.7
804.2

$610.4
610.4
451.5

$658.4
658.4
466.4

$694.8
694.8
453.2

98

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)
In  addition,  the  Company  may  make  discretionary  contributions.  The  Company  currently  intends  to
contribute $14.3 million to U.S. plans in fiscal 2019.

The table below provides the expected future benefit payments, in millions:

Year Ending September 30,
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2024 - 2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

U.S.

Int’l

$ 42.9
42.6
41.7
41.7
41.3
204.4
$414.6

$ 59.0
54.9
56.6
58.4
60.5
327.9
$617.3

The underlying assumptions for the pension plans are as follows:

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

Weighted-average assumptions to determine benefit

obligation:
Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Salary increase rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted-average assumptions to determine net periodic

benefit cost:
Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Salary increase rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets . . . . .

4.15% 2.91% 3.64% 2.67% 3.41% 2.35%
N/A
2.61%

2.79% N/A

2.76% N/A

3.60% 2.67% 3.41% 2.35% 4.10% 3.80%
N/A
2.65%
7.00% 4.73% 7.00% 5.10% 6.72% 5.74%

2.76% N/A

2.61% N/A

Pension costs are determined using the assumptions as of the beginning of the plan year. The funded

status is determined using the assumptions as of the end of the plan year.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  Company’s  target  allocation  for  2018  and  pension  plan  asset

allocation, both U.S. and international, as of September 30, 2018 and 2017:

Target

Allocations
Int’l
U.S.

Percentage of Plan Assets

as of September 30,

2018

2017

U.S.

Int’l

U.S.

Int’l

Asset Category:
Equities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

99

40% 25% 40% 38% 43% 27%
51
1
8

36
7
19

35
10
30

38
2
33

50
1
9

47
1
9

100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)

The  Company’s  domestic  and  foreign  plans  seek  a  competitive  rate  of  return  relative  to  an
appropriate level of risk depending on the funded status and obligations of each plan and typically employ
both  active  and  passive  investment  management  strategies.  The  Company’s  risk  management  practices
include  diversification  across  asset  classes  and  investment  styles  and  periodic  rebalancing  toward  asset
allocation targets. The target asset allocation selected for each plan reflects a risk/return profile that the
Company believes is appropriate relative to each plan’s liability structure and return goals.

To develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, the Company considered the
historical  returns  and  the  future  expectations  for  returns  for  each  asset  class,  as  well  as  the  target  asset
allocation of the pension portfolio and the diversification of the portfolio. This resulted in the selection of
a  7.00%  and  4.73%  weighted-average  long-term  rate  of  return  on  assets  assumption  for  the  fiscal  year
ended September 30, 2018 for U.S. and non-U.S. plans, respectively.

As  of  September  30,  2018,  the  fair  values  of  the  Company’s  pension  plan  assets  by  major  asset

categories were as follows:

Fair Value Measurement as of

September 30, 2018

Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)
(in millions)
$ 34.6
—

69.6
51.7
—
—
—
(7.0)
$148.9

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

$ —
—

—
—
15.0
—
30.0
—
$45.0

Investments
measured at

NAV

$ —
—

—
—
—
951.0
—
—
$951.0

Total

Quoted
Prices in

Carrying
Value as of

Active
September 30, Markets
(Level 1)

2018

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity and debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment funds

Diversified and equity funds . . . . . . . . .
Fixed income funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Hedge funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common collective funds . . . . . . . . . . .
Assets held by insurance company . . . . . .
Derivative instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

71.7
153.4

152.0
55.3
15.0
951.0
30.0
(7.0)
$1,421.4

$ 37.1
153.4

82.4
3.6
—
—
—
—
$276.5

100

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)

As  of  September  30,  2017,  the  fair  values  of  the  Company’s  pension  plan  assets  by  major  asset

categories were as follows:

Fair Value Measurement as of

September 30, 2017

Total

Quoted
Prices in

Carrying
Value as of

Active
September 30, Markets
(Level 1)

2017

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity and debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment funds

Diversified and equity funds . . . . . . . . .
Fixed income funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Hedge funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common collective funds . . . . . . . . . . .
Assets held by insurance company . . . . . .
Derivative instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

22.9
7.9

180.0
153.7
14.0
1,068.9
31.3
(15.2)
$1,463.5

$13.1
6.2

6.4
3.5
—
—
—
—
$29.2

Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)
(in millions)
$

9.8
1.7

173.6
150.2
—
—
—
(15.2)
$320.1

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

$ —
—

—
—
14.0
—
31.3
—
$45.3

Investments
measured at

NAV

$

—
—

—
—
—
1,068.9
—
—
$1,068.9

Changes  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  in  the  fair  value  of  the  Company’s  recurring

post-retirement plan Level 3 assets are as follows:

Actual return on Actual return
on plan assets,

September 30,

2017

Beginning
balance

plan assets,
relating to

assets

still held at
reporting date

relating to
assets sold
during the

period

Transfer

into /
Purchases,
sales and
(out of)
settlements Level 3

Change
due to

rate

exchange September 30,

2018

changes Ending balance

Investment funds

Hedge funds . . . . .

$45.3

$0.4

$—

$0.2

$— $(0.9)

$45.0

Changes  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2017,  in  the  fair  value  of  the  Company’s  recurring

post-retirement plan Level 3 assets are as follows:

(in millions)

Actual return on Actual return
on plan assets,

September 30,

2016

Beginning
balance

plan assets,
relating to

assets

still held at
reporting date

relating to
assets sold
during the

period

Transfer

into /
Purchases,
sales and
(out of)
settlements Level 3

Change
due to

rate

exchange September 30,

2017

changes Ending balance

Investment funds

Hedge funds . . . . .

$43.3

$(0.7)

$—

$1.7

$—

$1.0

$45.3

Cash  equivalents  are  mostly  comprised  of  short-term  money-market  instruments  and  are  valued  at

cost, which approximates fair value.

(in millions)

101

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)

For equity investment funds not traded on an active exchange, or if the closing price is not available,
the trustee obtains indicative quotes from a pricing vendor, broker, or investment manager. These funds
are  categorized  as  Level  2  if  the  custodian  obtains  corroborated  quotes  from  a  pricing  vendor  or
categorized  as  Level  3  if  the  custodian  obtains  uncorroborated  quotes  from  a  broker  or  investment
manager.

Fixed income investment funds categorized as Level 2 are valued by the trustee using pricing models
that  use  verifiable  observable  market  data  (e.g.,  interest  rates  and  yield  curves  observable  at  commonly
quoted  intervals),  bids  provided  by  brokers  or  dealers,  or  quoted  prices  of  securities  with  similar
characteristics.

Hedge  funds  categorized  as  Level  3  are  valued  based  on  valuation  models  that  include  significant
unobservable inputs and cannot be corroborated using verifiable observable market data. Hedge funds are
valued  by  independent  administrators.  Depending  on  the  nature  of  the  assets,  the  general  partners  or
independent  administrators  use  both  the  income  and  market  approaches  in  their  models.  The  market
approach consists of analyzing market transactions for comparable assets while the income approach uses
earnings  or  the  net  present  value  of  estimated  future  cash  flows  adjusted  for  liquidity  and  other  risk
factors. As of September 30, 2018, there were no material changes to the valuation techniques.

Common collective funds are valued based on net asset value (NAV) per share or unit as a practical
expedient  as  reported  by  the  fund  manager,  multiplied  by  the  number  of  shares  or  units  held  as  of  the
measurement  date.  Accordingly,  these  NAV-based  investments  have  been  excluded  from  the  fair  value
hierarchy. These collective investment funds have minimal redemption notice periods and are redeemable
daily at the NAV, less transaction fees, without significant restrictions. There are no significant unfunded
commitments related to these investments.

Multiemployer Pension Plans

The Company participates in over 200 construction-industry multiemployer pension plans. Generally,
the  plans  provide  defined  benefits  to  substantially  all  employees  covered  by  collective  bargaining
agreements. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, a contributor to a multiemployer plan
is  liable,  upon  termination  or  withdrawal  from  a  plan,  for  its  proportionate  share  of  a  plan’s  unfunded
vested liability. The Company’s aggregate contributions to these multiemployer plans were $49.8 million
and $48.8 million for the years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. At September 30, 2018
and  2017,  none  of  the  plans  in  which  the  Company  participates  are  individually  significant  to  its
consolidated financial statements.

102

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

8. Debt

Debt consisted of the following:

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

2014 Credit Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2014 Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2017 Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
URS Senior Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: Current portion of debt and short-term borrowings
Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,433.8
800.0
1,000.0
247.9
191.8
3,673.5
(143.1)
(46.7)
$3,483.7

$ 908.7
1,600.0
1,000.0
247.7
140.0
3,896.4
(142.0)
(52.3)
$3,702.1

The  following  table  presents,  in  millions,  scheduled  maturities  of  the  Company’s  debt  as  of

September 30, 2018:

Fiscal Year
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

$ 143.1
92.5
341.5
304.9
458.8
2,332.7
$3,673.5

2014 Credit Agreement
The  Company  entered  into  a  credit  agreement  (Credit  Agreement)  on  October  17,  2014,  which,  as
amended to date, consists of (i) a term loan A facility that includes a $510 million (US) term loan A facility
with a term expiring on March 13, 2021 and a $500 million Canadian dollar (CAD) term loan A facility and
a $250 million Australian dollar (AUD) term loan A facility, each with terms expiring on March 13, 2023;
(ii) a $600 million term loan B facility with a term expiring on March 13, 2025; and (iii) a revolving credit
facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.35 billion with a term expiring on March 13, 2023. Some of
subsidiaries  of  the  Company  (Guarantors)  have  guaranteed  the  obligations  of  the  borrowers  under  the
Credit  Agreement.  The  borrowers’  obligations  under  the  Credit  Agreement  are  secured  by  a  lien  on
substantially  all  of  the  assets  of  the  Company  and  the  Guarantors  pursuant  to  a  security  and  pledge
agreement (Security Agreement). The collateral under the Security Agreement is subject to release upon
fulfillment of conditions specified in the Credit Agreement and Security Agreement.

The  Credit  Agreement  contains  covenants  that  limit  the  ability  of  the  Company  and  the  ability  of
some of its subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist liens; (ii) incur or
guarantee indebtedness; (iii) pay dividends or repurchase stock; (iv) enter into transactions with affiliates;

103

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

8. Debt (Continued)
(v)  consummate  asset  sales,  acquisitions  or  mergers;  (vi)  enter  into  various  types  of  burdensome
agreements; or (vii) make investments.

On  July  1,  2015,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  revise  the  definition  of  ‘‘Consolidated
EBITDA’’  to  increase  the  allowance  for  acquisition  and  integration  expenses  related  to  the  Company’s
acquisition of URS.

On  December  22,  2015,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  further  revise  the  definition  of
‘‘Consolidated  EBITDA’’  by  further  increasing  the  allowance  for  acquisition  and  integration  expenses
related to the acquisition of URS and to allow for an internal corporate restructuring primarily involving
the Company’s international subsidiaries.

On  September  29,  2016,  the  Credit  Agreement  and  the  Security  Agreement  were  amended  to
(1) lower the applicable interest rate margins for the term loan A and the revolving credit facilities, and
lower the applicable letter of credit fees and commitment fees to the revised consolidated leverage levels;
(2) extend the term of the term loan A and the revolving credit facility to September 29, 2021; (3) add a
new  delayed  draw  term  loan  A  facility  tranche  in  the  amount  of  $185.0  million;  (4)  replace  the  then
existing $500 million performance letter of credit facility with a $500 million basket to enter into secured
letters  of  credit  outside  the  Credit  Agreement;  and  (5)  revise  covenants,  including  the  Maximum
Consolidated Leverage Ratio so that the step down from a 5.00 to a 4.75 leverage ratio is effective as of
March 31, 2017 as well as the investment basket for the Company’s AECOM Capital business.

On  March  31,  2017,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  (1)  expand  the  ability  of  restricted
subsidiaries to borrow under ‘‘Incremental Term Loans’’; (2) revise the definition of ‘‘Working Capital’’ as
used  in  ‘‘Excess  Cash  Flow’’;  (3)  revise  the  definitions  for  ‘‘Consolidated  EBITDA’’  and  ‘‘Consolidated
Funded Indebtedness’’ to reflect the expected gain and debt repayment of an AECOM Capital disposition,
which disposition was completed on April 28, 2017; and (4) amend provisions relating to the Company’s
ability to undertake internal restructuring steps to accommodate changes in tax laws.

On  March  13,  2018,  the  Credit  Agreement  was  amended  to  (1)  refinance  the  existing  term  loan  A
facility to include a $510 million (US) term loan A facility with a term expiring on March 13, 2021 and a
$500  million  CAD  term  loan  A  facility  and  a  $250  million  AUD  term  loan  A  facility  each  with  terms
expiring on March 13, 2023; (2) issue a new $600 million term loan B facility to institutional investors with
a term expiring on March 13, 2025; (3) increase the capacity of the Company’s revolving credit facility from
$1.05 billion to $1.35 billion and extend its term until March 13, 2023; (4) reduce the Company’s interest
rate  borrowing  costs  as  follows:  (a)  the  term  loan  B  facility,  at  the  Company’s  election,  Base  Rate  (as
defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 0.75% or Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
plus  1.75%,  (b)  the  (US)  term  loan  A  facility,  at  the  Company’s  election,  Base  Rate  plus  0.50%  or
Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.50%, and (c) the Canadian (CAD) term loan A facility, the Australian (AUD)
term  loan  A  facility,  and  the  revolving  credit  facility,  an  initial  rate  of,  at  the  Company’s  election,  Base
Rate  plus  0.75%  or  Eurocurrency  Rate  plus  1.75%,  and  after  the  end  of  the  Company’s  fiscal  quarter
ended June 30, 2018, Base Rate loans plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00% or Eurocurrency Rate
plus a margin from 1.25% to 2.00%, based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit
Agreement); (5) revise covenants including increasing the amounts available under the restricted payment
negative  covenant  and  revising  the  Maximum  Consolidated  Leverage  Ratio  (as  defined  in  the  Credit
Agreement) to include a 4.5 leverage ratio through September 30, 2019 after which the leverage ratio steps
down to 4.0.

104

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

8. Debt (Continued)

Under the Credit Agreement, the Company is subject to a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and
minimum  consolidated  interest  coverage  ratio  at  the  end  of  each  fiscal  quarter.  The  Company’s
Consolidated  Leverage  Ratio  was  3.9  at  September  30,  2018.  The  Company’s  Consolidated  Interest
Coverage Ratio was 4.6 at September 30, 2018. As of September 30, 2018, the Company was in compliance
with the covenants of the Credit Agreement.

At  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  outstanding  standby  letters  of  credit  totaled  $28.7  million  and
$58.1 million, respectively, under the Company’s revolving credit facilities. As of September 30, 2018 and
2017,  the  Company  had  $1,321.3  million  and  $991.9  million,  respectively,  available  under  its  revolving
credit facility.

2014 Senior Notes
On October 6, 2014, the Company completed a private placement offering of $800,000,000 aggregate
principal  amount  of  the  unsecured  5.750%  Senior  Notes  due  2022  (2022  Notes)  and  $800,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the unsecured 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes and, together
with the 2022 Notes, the 2014 Senior Notes). On November 2, 2015, the Company completed an exchange
offer to exchange the unregistered 2014 Senior Notes for registered notes, as well as all related guarantees.
On March 16, 2018, the Company redeemed all of the 2022 Notes at a redemption price that was 104.313%
of  the  principal  amount  outstanding  plus  accrued  and  unpaid  interest.  The  March  16,  2018  redemption
resulted in a $34.5 million prepayment premium, which was included in interest expense.

As  of  September  30,  2018,  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  2024  Notes  was  approximately
$844.0  million.  The  fair  value  of  the  2024  Notes  as  of  September  30,  2018  was  derived  by  taking  the
mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market
and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of the 2024 Notes.

At any time prior to July 15, 2024, the Company may redeem on one or more occasions all or part of
the 2024 Notes at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus
(ii) a ‘‘make-whole’’ premium as of the date of the redemption, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the
date  of  redemption.  In  addition,  on  or  after  July  15,  2024,  the  2024  Notes  may  be  redeemed  at  a
redemption price of 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of
redemption.

The  indenture  pursuant  to  which  the  2024  Notes  were  issued  contains  customary  events  of  default,
including,  among  other  things,  payment  default,  exchange  default,  failure  to  provide  notices  thereunder
and provisions related to bankruptcy events. The indenture also contains customary negative covenants.
The Company was in compliance with the covenants relating to the 2024 Notes as of September 30,

2018.

2017 Senior Notes
On  February  21,  2017,  the  Company  completed  a  private  placement  offering  of  $1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its unsecured 5.125% Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2017 Senior Notes) and
used the proceeds to immediately retire the remaining $127.6 million outstanding on the then existing term
loan B facility as well as repay $600 million of the term loan A facility and $250 million of the revolving
credit facility under its Credit Agreement. On June 30, 2017, the Company completed an exchange offer to
exchange the unregistered 2017 Senior Notes for registered notes, as well as related guarantees.

105

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

8. Debt (Continued)

As  of  September  30,  2018,  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  2017  Senior  Notes  was  approximately
$965.0 million. The fair value of the 2017 Senior Notes as of September 30, 2018 was derived by taking the
mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market
and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of the 2017 Senior Notes. Interest will be payable on the 2017
Senior  Notes  at  a  rate  of  5.125%  per  annum.  Interest  on  the  2017  Senior  Notes  will  be  payable
semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2017. The 2017
Senior Notes will mature on March 15, 2027.

At any time and from time to time prior to December 15, 2026, the Company may redeem all or part
of the 2017 Senior Notes, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus a ‘‘make
whole’’ premium as of the redemption date, and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.

In addition, at any time and from time to time prior to March 15, 2020, the Company may redeem up
to 35% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Senior Notes with the proceeds of one or
more  qualified  equity  offerings,  at  a  redemption  price  equal  to  105.125%,  plus  accrued  and  unpaid
interest. Furthermore, at any time on or after December 15, 2026, the Company may redeem on one or
more occasions all or part of the 2017 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal
amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

The  indenture  pursuant  to  which  the  2017  Senior  Notes  were  issued  contains  customary  events  of
default,  including,  among  other  things,  payment  default,  exchange  default,  failure  to  provide  notices
thereunder and provisions related to bankruptcy events. The indenture also contains customary negative
covenants.

The  Company  was  in  compliance  with  the  covenants  relating  to  the  2017  Senior  Notes  as  of

September 30, 2018.

URS Senior Notes
In  connection  with  the  URS  acquisition,  the  Company  assumed  the  URS  3.85%  Senior  Notes  due
2017  (2017  URS  Senior  Notes)  and  the  URS  5.00%  Senior  Notes  due  2022  (2022  URS  Senior  Notes),
totaling $1.0 billion (URS Senior Notes). The URS acquisition triggered change in control provisions in
the  URS  Senior  Notes  that  allowed  the  holders  of  the  URS  Senior  Notes  to  redeem  their  URS  Senior
Notes  at  a  cash  price  equal  to  101%  of  the  principal  amount  and,  accordingly,  the  Company  redeemed
$572.3  million  of  the  URS  Senior  Notes  on  October  24,  2014.  The  remaining  2017  URS  Senior  Notes
matured and were fully redeemed on April 3, 2017 for $179.2 million using proceeds from a $185 million
delayed draw term loan A facility tranche under the Credit Agreement. The 2022 URS Senior Notes are
general unsecured senior obligations of AECOM Global II, LLC as successor in interest to URS) and are
fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint-and-several basis by some former URS domestic subsidiary
guarantors.

As of September 30, 2018, the estimated fair value of the 2022 URS Senior Notes was approximately
$251.0 million. The carrying value of the 2022 URS Senior Notes on the Company’s Consolidated Balance
Sheets as of September 30, 2018 was $247.9 million. The fair value of the 2022 URS Senior Notes as of
September 30, 2018 was derived by taking the mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market
input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of the 2022
URS Senior Notes.

106

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

8. Debt (Continued)

As of September 30, 2018, the Company were in compliance with the covenants relating to the 2022

URS Senior Notes.

Other Debt and Other Items
Other  debt  consists  primarily  of  obligations  under  capital  leases  and  loans,  and  unsecured  credit
facilities. The Company’s unsecured credit facilities are primarily used for standby letters of credit issued
in  connection  with  general  and  professional  liability  insurance  programs  and  for  contract  performance
guarantees.  At  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  these  outstanding  standby  letters  of  credit  totaled
$486.4 million and $445.7 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2018, the Company had $480.3 million
available under these unsecured credit facilities.

Effective Interest Rate
The Company’s average effective interest rate on its total debt, including the effects of the interest
rate  swap  agreements,  during  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016  was  4.6%,  4.6%  and
4.4%, respectively.

Interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended September 30, 2018
included a prepayment premium of $34.5 million to redeem the 2022 Notes. Additionally, amortization of
deferred  debt  issuance  costs  for  the  year  ended  September  30,  2018  and  2017  was  $18.1  million  and
$17.5 million, respectively.

9. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements

The Company uses certain interest rate derivative contracts to hedge interest rate exposures on the
Company’s  variable  rate  debt.  The  Company  enters  into  foreign  currency  derivative  contracts  with
financial institutions to reduce the risk that its cash flows and earnings will be adversely affected by foreign
currency  exchange  rate  fluctuations.  The  Company’s  hedging  program  is  not  designated  for  trading  or
speculative purposes.

The  Company  recognizes  derivative  instruments  as  either  assets  or  liabilities  on  the  accompanying
consolidated  balance  sheets  at  fair  value.  The  Company  records  changes  in  the  fair  value  (i.e.,  gains  or
losses)  of  the  derivatives  that  have  been  designated  as  accounting  hedges  in  the  accompanying
consolidated  statements  of  operations  as  cost  of  revenue,  interest  expense  or  to  accumulated  other
comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Cash Flow Hedges
The Company uses interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges to fix the variable
interest  rates  on  portions  of  the  Company’s  debt.  The  Company  also  uses  foreign  currency  contracts
designated as cash flow hedges to hedge forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other
than the U.S. dollar. The Company initially reports any gain on the effective portion of a cash flow hedge
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Depending on the type of cash flow hedge, the
gain is subsequently reclassified to either interest expense when the interest expense on the variable rate
debt is recognized, or to cost of revenue when the hedged revenues are recorded. If the hedged transaction
becomes probable of not occurring, any gain or loss related to interest rate swap agreements or foreign
currency  contracts  would  be  recognized  in  other  income  (expense).  Further,  the  Company  excludes  the

107

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

9. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
change in the time value of the foreign currency contracts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The
Company  records  the  premium  paid  or  time  value  of  a  contract  on  the  date  of  purchase  as  an  asset.
Thereafter, the Company recognizes any change to this time value in cost of revenue.

The notional principal in U.S. dollar (USD), Canadian dollar (CAD), and Australian dollar (AUD),
fixed rates and related expiration dates of the Company’s outstanding interest rate swap agreements were
as follows:

September 30, 2018

Notional Amount

Currency
AUD
CAD
USD

Notional Amount

(in millions)

200.0
400.0
200.0

Date

Expiration

Fixed
Rate
2.19% February 2021
2.49% September 2022
2.60% February 2023

September 30, 2017

Notional Amount

Currency
USD
USD

Notional Amount

(in millions)

300.0
300.0

Expiration

Fixed
Rate
1.63%
1.54% September 2018

June 2018

Date

The  notional  principal  of  outstanding  foreign  currency  contracts  to  purchase  AUD  was
AUD 65.2 million (or $49.1 million) at September 30, 2018. The notional principal of outstanding foreign
currency contracts to purchase AUD was AUD 15.1 million (or $11.3 million) at September 30, 2017.

Other Foreign Currency Forward Contracts
The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts which are not designated as accounting hedges
to  hedge  intercompany  transactions  and  other  monetary  assets  or  liabilities  denominated  in  currencies
other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. Gains and losses on these contracts were not material
for the years ended September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016.

Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s non-pension financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair values relate to derivative

instruments and were not material at September 30, 2018 or 2017.

See  Note  17  for  accumulated  balances  and  reporting  period  activities  of  derivatives  related  to
reclassifications  out  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  or  loss  for  the  years  ended
September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss from
the  Company’s  foreign  currency  options  were  immaterial  for  all  years  presented.  Amounts  reclassified
from  accumulated  other  comprehensive  loss  into  income  from  the  foreign  currency  options  were
immaterial for all years presented. Additionally, there were no material losses recognized in income due to
amounts excluded from effectiveness testing from the Company’s interest rate swap agreements.

During  the  year  ended  September  30,  2015,  the  Company  entered  into  a  contingent  consideration
arrangement in connection with a business acquisition. Under the arrangement, the Company agreed to
pay cash to the sellers if certain financial performance thresholds are achieved in the future. The fair value

108

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

9. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
of  the  contingent  consideration  liability,  net  of  amounts  paid,  as  of  September  30,  2018  and  2017  was
$11 million and $13 million, respectively. This liability is a Level 3 fair value measurement recorded within
other accrued liabilities, and was valued based on estimated future net cash flows. Any future changes in
the fair value of this contingent consideration liability will be recognized in earnings during the applicable
period.

10. Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
principally  of  cash  investments  and  trade  receivables.  The  Company’s  cash  balances  and  short-term
investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in
the  U.S.,  Canada,  Europe,  Australia,  Middle  East  and  Hong  Kong.  If  the  Company  extends  significant
credit to clients in a specific geographic area or industry, the Company may experience disproportionately
high levels of default if those clients are adversely affected by factors particular to their geographic area or
industry. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the large number
of customers comprising the Company’s customer base, including, in large part, governments, government
agencies  and  quasi-government  organizations,  and  their  dispersion  across  many  different  industries  and
geographies. See Note 19 regarding the Company’s foreign revenues. In order to mitigate credit risk, the
Company continually reviews the credit worthiness of its major private clients.

11. Leases

The Company and its subsidiaries are lessees in non-cancelable leasing agreements for office buildings
and equipment. The related payments are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term, including,
as applicable, any free-rent period during which the Company has the right to use the asset. For leases with
renewal options where the renewal is reasonably assured, the lease term, including the renewal period is
used  to  determine  the  appropriate  lease  classification  and  to  compute  periodic  rental  expense.  The
following table presents, in millions, amounts payable under non-cancelable operating lease commitments
during the following fiscal years:

Year Ending September 30,
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

$ 253.3
211.5
165.8
136.0
111.8
433.6
$1,312.0

Rent expense for leases for the years ended September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was approximately
$268.5 million, $265.9 million, and $383.7 million, respectively. When the Company is required to restore
leased facilities to original condition, provisions are made over the period of the lease.

109

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

12. Stockholders’ Equity

Common Stock Units—Common stock units are only redeemable for common stock. In the event of
liquidation of the Company, holders of stock units are entitled to no greater rights than holders of common
stock. See also Note 13.

Accelerated  Share  Repurchase—In  August  2018,  the  Company  entered  into  an  accelerated  share
repurchase  (ASR)  with  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  National  Association  (JPMorgan)  to  repurchase
$150  million  of  its  common  stock.  During  the  quarter  ended  September  30,  2018,  JPMorgan  delivered
4.0  million  shares  to  the  Company,  at  which  point  the  Company’s  shares  outstanding  were  reduced  and
accounted  for  as  a  reduction  to  retained  earnings.  The  initial  share  delivery  represented  the  minimum
amount of shares JPMorgan was contractually obligated to provide under the ASR agreement. The ASR
completed on October 11, 2018, which resulted in the delivery of an additional 0.6 million shares to the
Company from JPMorgan.

13. Share-Based Payments

Defined Contribution Plans—Substantially all permanent domestic employees are eligible to participate
in  defined  contribution  plans  provided  by  the  Company.  Under  these  plans,  participants  may  make
contributions into a variety of funds, including a fund that is fully invested in Company stock. Employees
are not required to allocate any funds to Company stock; however, the Company does provide an annual
Company match in AECOM shares. Employees may generally reallocate their account balances on a daily
basis; however, employees classified as insiders are restricted under the Company’s insider trading policy.
Compensation expense relating to these employer contributions related to AECOM stock under defined
contribution  plans  for  fiscal  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016  was  $32.3  million,
$32.9 million, and $26.8 million, respectively.

Stock  Incentive  Plans—Under  the  2016  Stock  Incentive  Plan,  the  Company  has  up  to  12.6  million
securities remaining available for future issuance as of September 30, 2018. Stock options may be granted
to employees and non-employee directors with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the
stock on the date of grant. Unexercised options expire seven years after date of grant.

110

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

13. Share-Based Payments (Continued)

During the three years in the period ended September 30, 2018, option activity was as follows:

Number of

Options

(in millions)

Balance, September 30, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance, September 30, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance, September 30, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance, September 30, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercisable as of September 30, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercisable as of September 30, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercisable as of September 30, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1.3
—
(0.4)
—
0.9
—
(0.2)
—
0.7
—
(0.1)
—
0.6
0.3
0.1
—

Weighted
Average

Exercise Price

28.26
—
23.96
—
30.36
—
26.42
—
31.11
—
27.79
—
31.62
26.99
27.79
N/A

The  following  table  summarizes  information  concerning  outstanding  and  exercisable  options  as  of

September 30, 2018:

Options Outstanding

Options Exercisable

Number

Outstanding Weighted

September 30, Remaining

Average Weighted
Average
Contractual Exercise

Aggregate
Intrinsic

Value

as of

2018

Number

Exercisable

as of

2018

September 30, Remaining

Weighted
Average Weighted
Average
Contractual Exercise

(in millions)

Life

Price

(in millions)

(in millions)

Life

Price

Exercise Price

$31.62 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0.6

5.43

$31.62

$0.7

—

—

—

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2018,

2017 and 2016 was $0.9 million, $1.2 million, and $0.6 million, respectively.

The fair value of the Company’s employee stock option awards is estimated on the date of grant. The
expected term of awards granted represents the period of time the awards are expected to be outstanding.
The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury bond rates with maturities equal to the expected term
of the option on the grant date. The Company uses historical data as a basis to estimate the probability of
forfeitures. No stock options were granted during the years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017.

111

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

13. Share-Based Payments (Continued)

The  Company  grants  stock  units  to  employees  under  its  Performance  Earnings  Program  (PEP),
whereby  units  are  earned  and  issued  dependent  upon  meeting  established  cumulative  performance
objectives and vest over a three-year service period. Additionally, the Company issues restricted stock units
to employees which are earned based on service conditions. The grant date fair value of PEP awards and
restricted  stock  unit  awards  is  that  day’s  closing  market  price  of  the  Company’s  common  stock.  The
weighted  average  grant  date  fair  value  of  PEP  awards  was  $37.69,  $38.15,  and  $29.91  during  the  years
ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016,  respectively.  The  weighted  average  grant  date  fair  value  of
restricted  stock  unit  awards  was  $36.83,  $37.96,  and  $29.82  during  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,
2017 and 2016, respectively. Total compensation expense related to these share-based payments including
stock  options  was  $73.1  million,  $83.8  million,  and  $73.4  million  during  the  years  ended  September  30,
2018,  2017  and  2016,  respectively.  Unrecognized  compensation  expense  related  to  total  share-based
payments outstanding as of September 30, 2018 and 2017 was $94.3 million and $96.8 million, respectively,
to  be  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  awards’  respective  vesting  periods  which  are  generally
three years.

14. Income Taxes

Income  before  income  taxes  included  income  from  domestic  operations  of  $317.9  million,
$322.2  million,  and  $51.6  million  for  fiscal  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016  and  income
(loss) from foreign operations of $(140.4) million, $107.0 million, and $74.0 million for fiscal years ended
September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016.

Income tax (benefit) expense was comprised of:

September 30,

2018

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

September 30,

2016

Current:

Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current income tax expense . . . .

Deferred:

Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total deferred income tax expense

(benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total income tax (benefit) expense . . .

$(122.4)
19.0
47.1
(56.3)

14.5
39.0
(16.8)

36.7
$ (19.6)

$ 10.3
17.9
29.3
57.5

(8.3)
10.4
(51.9)

(49.8)
$ 7.7

$ 33.7
12.4
26.1
72.2

(63.4)
(5.4)
(41.3)

(110.1)
$ (37.9)

112

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

14. Income Taxes (Continued)

The major elements contributing to the difference between the U.S. federal statutory rate of 24.5%
for fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 and 35% for fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 and
the effective tax rate are as follows:

Tax at federal statutory rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State income tax, net of federal benefit . . . . . . . . .
Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairment, nondeductible for tax . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign residual income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nondeductible costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Change in tax rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impact of changes in tax law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax credits and incentives . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Change in uncertain tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Audit settlement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Return to provision, primarily foreign tax credits . .
Exclusion of tax on non-controlling interests . . . . .
Tax exempt income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign tax rate differential
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other items, net
Total income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

September 30,

2018

Amount

%

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

Amount

%
(in millions)

September 30,

2016

Amount

%

$ 43.5
17.8
58.7
33.9
10.3
3.5
0.1
(47.8)
(37.2)
(31.4)
(27.7)
(18.5)
(14.9)
(7.4)
(1.6)
(0.9)
$(19.6)

24.5% $150.3
24.3
10.0
33.1
(51.2)
19.1
—
(9.2)
5.8
5.8
1.9
0.1
—
(26.9)
—
(56.8)
(21.0)
9.5
(17.7)
(15.6)
—
(10.4)
—
(28.2)
(8.4)
(17.9)
(4.2)
(19.2)
(0.9)
(0.5)
0.3
7.7
(11.1)% $

35.0% $ 43.9
5.6
5.7
(11.9)
(54.8)
—
—
17.8
(2.1)
6.1
1.4
—
34.6
—
—
(24.6)
(13.2)
(5.0)
2.2
—
—
—
—
(24.7)
(6.6)
(17.6)
(4.2)
(4.5)
(19.7)
—
0.5
1.8% $(37.9)

35.0%
4.5
(43.6)
—
14.2
4.8
27.6
—
(19.6)
(4.0)
—
—
(19.7)
(14.0)
(15.7)
0.3

(30.2)%

During the first quarter of 2018, President Trump signed what is commonly referred to as The Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) into law. The Tax Act reduced the Company’s U.S. federal corporate tax rate
from 35% to a blended tax rate of 24.5% for its fiscal year ending September 30, 2018 and 21% for fiscal
years thereafter, requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign
subsidiaries, creates new taxes on foreign sourced earnings and eliminates or reduces deductions. Given
the significance of the Tax Act, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (SAB 118), which
allows registrants to record provisional amounts during a one year ‘‘measurement period’’ similar to that
used  when  accounting  for  business  combinations.  However,  the  measurement  period  is  deemed  to  have
ended  earlier  when  the  registrant  has  obtained,  prepared  and  analyzed  the  information  necessary  to
finalize its accounting. During the measurement period, impacts of the law are expected to be recorded at
the time a reasonable estimate for all or a portion of the effects can be made, and provisional amounts can
be recognized and adjusted as information becomes available, prepared or analyzed.

During the fiscal year 2018, the Company recorded a $32.0 million provisional tax benefit related to
the  remeasurement  of  its  U.S.  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  based  on  the  rates  at  which  they  are
expected to reverse in the future, which is generally 21%. In addition, the Company released the deferred
tax liability and recorded a tax benefit related to foreign subsidiaries for which the undistributed earnings
are  not  intended  to  be  reinvested  indefinitely  for  $79.8  million  and  accrued  $64  million  of  tax  expense
related  to  the  one-time  transition  tax.  The  Company  has  not  yet  completed  its  calculation  of  the  total

113

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

14. Income Taxes (Continued)
foreign earnings and profits of its foreign subsidiaries and accordingly this amount may change when the
Company finalizes the calculation of foreign earnings.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2018,  the  Company  recorded  a  valuation  allowance  of  $38.1  million
against foreign tax credits related to deferred tax assets in the U.S. In its determination of the realizability
of its deferred tax assets, the Company evaluated positive evidence consisting of forecasts of foreign tax
credit utilization against future foreign source income, earnings trends over a sustainable period, positive
economic conditions in the industries the Company operates in, possible prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies  (net  of  costs  to  implement  the  tax  planning  strategies)  and  actual  usage  of  foreign  tax  credit
carryforwards. The Company also evaluated negative evidence consisting of significant foreign tax credits
and U.S. tax law changes that restrict the usage of foreign tax credits. This evaluation was conducted on a
tax  jurisdictional  basis  or  legal  entity  basis,  as  applicable,  and  based  on  the  weighing  of  all  positive  and
negative evidence, a determination was made as to the realizability of the deferred tax assets on that same
basis.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2018,  the  Company  restructured  certain  operations  in  Canada  which
resulted in a release of a valuation allowance of $13.1 million. Certain operations in Canada continue to
forecast losses and the valuation allowances could be reduced if the earnings trends reverse. During the
second quarter of 2017, valuation allowances in the amount of $59.9 million in the United Kingdom were
released due to sufficient positive evidence obtained during that quarter.

Generally,  the  Company  would  reverse  its  valuation  allowance  in  a  particular  tax  jurisdiction  if  the
positive  evidence  examined,  such  as  projected  and  sustainable  earnings  or  a  tax-planning  strategy  that
allows for the usage of the deferred tax asset, is sufficient to overcome significant negative evidence, such
as large net operating loss carryforwards or a cumulative history of losses in recent years. In the United
States, the valued deferred tax assets have a restricted life or use under relevant tax law and, therefore, it is
unlikely  that  the  valuation  allowance  related  to  these  assets  will  reverse.  In  addition,  the  Company  is
continually  investigating  tax  planning  strategies  that,  if  prudent  and  feasible,  may  be  implemented  to
realize a deferred tax asset that would otherwise expire unutilized. The identification and internal/external
approval (as relevant) of such a prudent and feasible tax planning strategy could cause a reduction in the
valuation allowance.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2018,  the  Company  effectively  settled  a  U.S.  federal  income  tax
examination for URS pre-acquisition tax years 2012, 2013 and 2014 and recorded a benefit of $27.7 million
related to various adjustments, in addition to the favorable settlement for R&D credits of $26.2 million
recorded in the second quarter of 2018. The Company is currently under tax audit in several jurisdictions
including the U.S and believe the outcomes which are reasonably possible within the next twelve months,
including  lapses  in  statutes  of  limitations,  could  result  in  adjustments,  but  will  not  result  in  a  material
change in the liability for uncertain tax positions.

In  the  fourth  quarter  of  2017,  the  Company  executed  international  restructuring  transactions  that
resulted in a distribution of current year earnings and profits and the associated foreign tax credits. The
distribution  resulted  in  the  recognition  of  a  benefit  of  $25.2  million  related  to  excess  foreign  tax  credits
expected  to  be  realized  in  the  foreseeable  future.  These  current  year  earnings  had  previously  been
forecasted to qualify for the indefinite reinvestment criterion. The Company’s change in assertion for these
investments was a one-time event and did not impact the Company’s past or future assertions regarding
intent and ability to reinvest indefinitely.

114

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

14. Income Taxes (Continued)

In  the  third  quarter  of  2017,  the  Company  recapitalized  one  of  its  European  subsidiaries  which
resulted in the Company indefinitely reinvesting a portion of its non-U.S. undistributed earnings that U.S.
tax had previously been provided for and released the associated $21.2 million deferred tax liability. These
non-U.S.  earnings  are  now  intended  to  be  reinvested  indefinitely  outside  of  the  U.S.  to  meet  the
Company’s current and future cash needs of its European operations.

The deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:

Deferred tax assets:

Compensation and benefit accruals not currently

deductible . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net operating loss carryforwards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Self-insurance reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Research and experimentation and other tax credits
. .
Pension liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Deferred tax liabilities:

Unearned revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquired intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment in subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

$ 108.3
252.4
13.5
178.1
88.2
63.4
27.8
731.7

(121.1)
(135.9)
(56.0)
(109.5)
(422.5)
(197.1)
$ 112.1

$ 144.2
338.2
23.8
167.5
142.1
160.7
25.0
1,001.5

(190.8)
(158.6)
(121.7)
(241.2)
(712.3)
(138.4)
$ 150.8

As of September 30, 2018, the Company has available unused federal, state and foreign net operating
loss (NOL) carryforwards of $50.3 million, $707.0 million and $968.4 million, respectively, which expire at
various  dates  over  the  next  several  years;  the  federal  NOL  carryforwards  and  some  foreign  NOL
carryforwards never expire. In addition, as of September 30, 2018, the Company has unused federal and
state research and development credits of $79.1 million and $33.4 million, respectively, foreign tax credits
of $61.8 million, and California Enterprise Zone Tax Credits of $6.8 million which expire at various dates
over the next several years.

As of September 30, 2018 and 2017, gross deferred tax assets were $731.7 million and $1,001.5 million,
respectively.  The  Company  has  recorded  a  valuation  allowance  of  $197.1  million  and  $138.4  million  at
September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively, primarily related to foreign tax credits, state and foreign net
operating  loss  carryforwards  and  credits  and  deferred  tax  assets  related  to  certain  pension  obligations
(primarily in the United Kingdom and Canada). The Company has performed an assessment of positive
and  negative  evidence,  including  the  nature,  frequency,  and  severity  of  cumulative  financial  reporting

115

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

14. Income Taxes (Continued)
losses in recent years, the future reversal of existing temporary differences, predictability of future taxable
income exclusive of reversing temporary differences of the character necessary to realize the asset, relevant
carryforward  periods,  taxable  income  in  carry-back  years  if  carry-back  is  permitted  under  tax  law,  and
prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would be implemented, if necessary, to protect against the
loss of the deferred tax asset that would otherwise expire. Although realization is not assured, based on the
Company’s assessment, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that the remaining gross
deferred tax asset (exclusive of deferred tax liabilities) of $534.6 million will be realized and, as such, no
additional  valuation  allowance  has  been  provided.  The  net  increase  in  the  valuation  allowance  of
$58.7 million is primarily attributable to changes in valuation allowances of $36.3 million for foreign tax
credits  and  increases  in  valuation  allowances  for  unbenefitable  losses,  partially  offset  by  the  release  of
$13.1 million of valuation allowances for Canada and the utilization of $7.7 million of foreign net operating
loss carryforwards in the current year.

Generally,  the  Company  does  not  provide  for  U.S.  taxes  or  foreign  withholding  taxes  on  gross
book-tax  differences  in  its  non-U.S.  subsidiaries  because  such  basis  differences  of  approximately
$1.7 billion are able to and intended to be reinvested indefinitely. As of September 30, 2018, the Company
has not completed its assessment of the Tax Act on its plans to indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings and as
such  has  not  changed  its  prior  conclusion  that  the  earnings  are  indefinitely  reinvested.  If  these  basis
differences were distributed, foreign tax credits could become available under current law to partially or
fully reduce the resulting U.S. income tax liability. There may also be additional U.S. or foreign income tax
liability upon repatriation, although the calculation of such additional taxes is not practicable.

During  the  first  quarter  of  2017,  the  Company  adopted  a  new  accounting  standard  that  amended
certain  aspects  of  the  accounting  for  employee  share-based  payments  and  as  a  result  recorded  an
adjustment of $3.8 million to equity to recognize net operating loss carryforwards attributable to excess tax
benefits on stock compensation that had not been previously recognized to additional paid in capital.

As  of  September  30,  2018  and  2017,  the  Company  had  a  liability  for  unrecognized  tax  benefits,
including  potential  interest  and  penalties,  net  of  related  tax  benefit,  totaling  $71.9  million  and
$109.5 million, respectively. The gross unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2018 and 2017 were
$60.0 million and $102.1 million, respectively, excluding interest, penalties, and related tax benefit. Of the
$60.0  million,  approximately  $42.4  million  would  be  included  in  the  effective  tax  rate  if  recognized.  A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

Balance at the beginning of the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross increase in current period’s tax positions . . . . . . . .
Gross increase in prior years’ tax positions . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross decrease in prior years’ tax positions . . . . . . . . . . .
Decrease due to settlement with tax authorities . . . . . . .
Decrease due to lapse of statute of limitations . . . . . . . .
Gross change due to foreign exchange fluctuations . . . . .
Balance at the end of the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$102.1
4.0
2.2
(14.4)
(31.9)
(1.7)
(0.3)
$ 60.0

$ 87.9
10.8
5.3
—
(1.0)
(1.1)
0.2
$102.1

116

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

14. Income Taxes (Continued)

The Company classifies interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within the income tax
expense line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2018, the
accrued  interest  and  penalties  were  $15.5  million  and  $4.1  million,  respectively,  excluding  any  related
income  tax  benefits.  At  September  30,  2017,  the  accrued  interest  and  penalties  were  $15.1  million  and
$4.1 million, respectively, excluding any related income tax benefits.

The Company files income tax returns in numerous tax jurisdictions, including the U.S., and numerous
U.S. states and non-U.S. jurisdictions around the world. The statute of limitations varies by jurisdiction in
which  the  Company  operates.  Because  of  the  number  of  jurisdictions  in  which  the  Company  files  tax
returns, in any given year the statute of limitations in certain jurisdictions may expire without examination
within the 12-month period from the balance sheet date.

While it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly
increase or decrease within the next twelve months, an estimate of the range of possible change cannot be
made.

15. Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share (EPS) excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income attributable
to AECOM by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is
computed  by  dividing  net  income  attributable  to  AECOM  by  the  weighted  average  number  of  common
shares  outstanding  and  potential  common  shares  for  the  period.  The  Company  includes  as  potential
common shares the weighted average dilutive effects of equity awards using the treasury stock method. For
the periods presented, equity awards excluded from the calculation of potential common shares were not
significant.

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the denominators of basic and diluted earnings per

share:

September 30,

2018

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

September 30,

2016

Denominator for basic earnings per share .
Potential common shares . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Denominator for diluted earnings per

share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

159.1
3.2

162.3

155.7
3.4

159.1

154.8
1.3

156.1

117

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

16. Other Financial Information

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:

Accrued salaries and benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued contract costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other accrued expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended

September 30,

2018

September 30,

2017

(in millions)

$1,035.9
861.0
370.1
$2,267.0

$1,018.5
911.9
315.1
$2,245.5

Accrued  contract  costs  above  include  balances  related  to  professional  liability  accruals  of
$519.5 million and $547.9 million as of September 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The remaining accrued
contract costs primarily relate to costs for services provided by subcontractors and other non-employees.
Liabilities  recorded  related  to  accrued  contract  losses  were  not  material  as  of  September  30,  2018  and
2017. The Company did not have material revisions to estimates for contracts where revenue is recognized
using the percentage-of-completion method during the twelve months ended September 30, 2018.

During the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded revenue related to the
expected  accelerated  recovery  of  a  pension  related  entitlement  from  the  federal  government  of
approximately $50 million, which is included in accounts receivable-net at September 30, 2018 and 2017.
The entitlement resulted from pension costs that are reimbursable through certain government contracts
in accordance with Cost Accounting Standards. The accelerated recognition resulted from an amendment
to  freeze  pension  benefits  under  URS  Federal  Services,  Inc.  Employees  Retirement  Plan.  The  actual
amount of reimbursement may vary from the Company’s expectation.

17. Reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

The  accumulated  balances  and  reporting  period  activities  for  the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,
2017 and 2016 related to reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss are summarized as
follows (in millions):

Balances at September 30, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss) before

reclassification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other

comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balances at September 30, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Pension
Related

Adjustments
$(204.0)

Foreign
Currency
Translation
Adjustments
$(420.1)

Loss on
Derivative
Instruments
$(11.0)

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Loss

$(635.1)

(171.5)

(63.6)

1.2

(233.9)

6.6
$(368.9)

—
$(483.7)

4.8
$ (5.0)

11.4
$(857.6)

118

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

17. Reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Continued)

Balances at September 30, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss) before

reclassification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other

comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balances at September 30, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Balances at September 30, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss) before

reclassification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other

comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balances at September 30, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Pension
Related

Adjustments
$(368.9)

Foreign
Currency
Translation
Adjustments
$(483.7)

Loss on
Derivative
Instruments

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Loss

$(5.0)

$(857.6)

73.8

65.3

13.2
$(281.9)

—
$(418.4)

2.3

2.3
$(0.4)

141.4

15.5
$(700.7)

Pension
Related

Adjustments
$(281.9)

Foreign
Currency
Translation
Adjustments
$(418.4)

Loss on
Derivative
Instruments

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Loss

$(0.4)

$(700.7)

69.9

(83.8)

9.7
$(202.3)

—
$(502.2)

0.7

0.9
$ 1.2

(13.2)

10.6
$(703.3)

18. Commitments and Contingencies

The  Company  records  amounts  representing  its  probable  estimated  liabilities  relating  to  claims,
guarantees, litigation, audits and investigations. The Company relies in part on qualified actuaries to assist
it in determining the level of reserves to establish for insurance-related claims that are known and have
been asserted against it, and for insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred based on
actuarial  analysis,  but  have  not  yet  been  reported  to  the  Company’s  claims  administrators  as  of  the
respective balance sheet dates. The Company includes any adjustments to such insurance reserves in its
consolidated results of operations. The Company’s reasonably possible loss disclosures are presented on a
gross  basis  prior  to  the  consideration  of  insurance  recoveries.  The  Company  does  not  record  gain
contingencies until they are realized. In the ordinary course of business, the Company may not be aware
that  it  or  its  affiliates  are  under  investigation  and  may  not  be  aware  of  whether  or  not  a  known
investigation has been concluded.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  the  Company  may  enter  into  various  arrangements  providing
financial  or  performance  assurance  to  clients,  lenders,  or  partners.  Such  arrangements  include  standby
letters  of  credit,  surety  bonds,  and  corporate  guarantees  to  support  the  creditworthiness  or  the  project
execution  commitments  of  its  affiliates,  partnerships  and  joint  ventures.  Performance  arrangements
typically have various expiration dates ranging from the completion of the project contract and extending
beyond  contract  completion  in  certain  circumstances  such  as  for  warranties.  The  Company  may  also
guarantee  that  a  project,  when  complete,  will  achieve  specified  performance  standards.  If  the  project
subsequently  fails  to  meet  guaranteed  performance  standards,  the  Company  may  incur  additional  costs,
pay liquidated damages or be held responsible for the costs incurred by the client to achieve the required
performance  standards.  The  potential  payment  amount  of  an  outstanding  performance  arrangement  is

119

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

18. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)
typically the remaining cost of work to be performed by or on behalf of third parties. Generally, under joint
venture  arrangements,  if  a  partner  is  financially  unable  to  complete  its  share  of  the  contract,  the  other
partner(s) may be required to complete those activities.

At  September  30,  2018,  the  Company  was  contingently  liable  in  the  amount  of  approximately
$515.1 million in issued standby letters of credit and $5.3 billion in issued surety bonds primarily to support
project execution.

In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into various agreements providing financial or
performance  assurances  to  clients  on  behalf  of  certain  unconsolidated  partnerships,  joint  ventures  and
other  jointly  executed  contracts.  These  agreements  are  entered  into  primarily  to  support  the  project
execution commitments of these entities.

In addition, in connection with the investment activities of AECOM Capital, the Company provides
guarantees  of  certain  obligations,  including  guarantees  for  completion  of  projects,  repayment  of  debt,
environmental indemnity obligations and other lender required guarantees.

The  Company’s  investment  adviser  jointly  manages,  sponsors  and  owns  equity  interest  in  the
AECOM-Canyon  Equity  Fund,  L.P.  (the  ‘‘Fund’’),  in  which  the  Company  has  an  ongoing  capital
commitment  to  fund  investments.  At  September  30,  2018,  the  Company  has  capital  commitments  of
$35 million to the Fund over the next 10 years.

DOE Deactivation, Demolition, and Removal Project
Washington  Group  International,  an  Ohio  company  (WGI  Ohio),  an  affiliate  of  URS,  executed  a
cost-reimbursable  task  order  with  the  Department  of  Energy  (DOE)  in  2007  to  provide  deactivation,
demolition  and  removal  services  at  a  New  York  State  project  site  that,  during  2010,  experienced
contamination and performance issues and remains uncompleted. In February 2011, WGI Ohio and the
DOE  executed  a  Task  Order  Modification  that  changed  some  cost-reimbursable  contract  provisions  to
at-risk.  The  Task  Order  Modification,  including  subsequent  amendments,  requires  the  DOE  to  pay  all
project  costs  up  to  $106  million,  requires  WGI  Ohio  and  the  DOE  to  equally  share  in  all  project  costs
incurred  from  $106  million  to  $146  million,  and  requires  WGI  Ohio  to  pay  all  project  costs  exceeding
$146 million.

Due  to  unanticipated  requirements  and  permitting  delays  by  federal  and  state  agencies,  as  well  as
delays and related ground stabilization activities caused by Hurricane Irene in 2011, WGI Ohio has been
required to perform work outside the scope of the Task Order Modification. In December 2014, WGI Ohio
submitted  claims  against  the  DOE  pursuant  to  the  Contracts  Disputes  Acts  seeking  recovery  of
$103 million, including additional fees on changed work scope. WGI Ohio has incurred and continues to
incur  additional  project  costs  outside  the  scope  of  the  contract  as  a  result  of  differing  site  and  ground
conditions and intends to submit additional formal claims against the DOE.

Due  to  significant  delays  and  uncertainties  about  responsibilities  for  the  scope  of  remaining  work,
final project completion costs and other associated costs have exceeded $100 million over the contracted
and claimed amounts. WGI Ohio assets and liabilities, including the value of the above costs and claims,
were  measured  at  their  fair  value  on  October  17,  2014,  the  date  AECOM  acquired  WGI  Ohio’s  parent
company, see Note 3, which measurement has been reevaluated to account for developments pertaining to
this  matter.  Deconstruction  and  decommissioning  activities  are  completed  and  site  restoration  activities
are underway. WGI Ohio increased its receivable during the quarter ended June 30, 2018.

120

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

18. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)

WGI  Ohio  can  provide  no  certainty  that  it  will  recover  the  claims  submitted  against  DOE  in
December 2014, any future claims or any other project costs after December 2014 that WGI Ohio may be
obligated to incur including the remaining project completion costs, which could have a material adverse
effect on the Company’s results of operations.

SR-91
One of the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, URS Corporation, entered into a partial fixed cost
and  partial  time  and  material  design  agreement  in  2012  with  a  design  build  contractor  for  a  state  route
highway construction project in Riverside County and Orange County, California. On April 1, 2017, URS
Corporation  filed  an  $8.2  million  amended  complaint  in  the  Superior  Court  of  California  against  the
design build contractor for its failure to pay for services performed under the design agreement. On July 3,
2017,  the  design  build  contractor  filed  an  amended  cross-complaint  against  URS  Corporation  and
AECOM  in  Superior  Court  alleging  breaches  of  contract,  negligent  interference  and  professional
negligence pertaining to URS Corporation’s performance of design services under the design agreement,
seeking purported damages of $70 million. On May 4, 2018, the design build contractor dismissed its claims
for  negligent  interference.  On  May  24,  2018,  URS  Corporation  filed  an  $11.9  million  second  amended
complaint in Superior Court against the design build contractor for its failure to pay for services performed
under  the  design  agreement.  URS  Corporation  and  AECOM  cannot  provide  assurances  that  URS
Corporation will be successful in the recovery of the amounts owed to it under the design agreement or in
their defense against the amounts alleged under the cross-complaint that they believe are without merit
and  that  they  intend  to  vigorously  defend  against.  The  potential  range  of  loss  in  excess  of  any  current
accrual cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, primarily because the matter involves complex factual
and legal issues; there is substantial uncertainty regarding any alleged damages, including due to liability of
and payments, by third parties; and the matter is at a discovery stage of litigation.

New York Department of Environmental Conservation
The following matter is disclosed pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 103, Instruction 5.C pertaining to
a  government  authority  environmental  claim  exceeding  $100,000  against  an  AECOM  affiliate.  In
September 2017, AECOM USA, Inc., one of the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, was advised by the
New  York  State  Department  of  Environmental  Conservation  (DEC)  of  allegations  that  it  committed
environmental  permit  violations  pursuant  to  the  New  York  Environmental  Conservation  Law  (ECL)
associated with AECOM USA, Inc.’s oversight of a stream restoration project for Schoharie County which
could  result  in  substantial  penalties  if  calculated  under  the  ECL’s  maximum  civil  penalty  provisions.
AECOM USA, Inc. disputes this claim and intends to continue to defend this matter vigorously; however,
AECOM  USA,  Inc.,  cannot  provide  assurances  that  it  will  be  successful  in  these  efforts.  The  potential
range of loss in excess of any current accrual cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, primarily because
the matter involves complex and unique environmental and regulatory issues; the project site involves the
oversight  and  involvement  of  various  local,  state  and  federal  government  agencies;  there  is  substantial
uncertainty regarding any alleged damages; and the matter is in its preliminary stage of the government’s
claims and any negotiations of a consent order or other resolution.

Illinois Power Generating Company
Advatech,  LLC,  a  joint  venture  60%  owned  by  AECOM  Energy  &  Construction,  Inc.,  executed  a
fixed-cost  engineering,  procurement  and  construction  contract  for  a  flue-gas-desulfurization  system  at  a

121

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

18. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)
coal-fired  power  plant  owned  by  Illinois  Power  Generating  Company,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of
Dynegy, Inc. (Genco). On September 2, 2016, Genco terminated Advatech’s contract for convenience and
Advatech subsequently submitted its final contractual invoice of approximately $81 million. Advatech filed
and perfected a mechanics lien on the Genco power plant property on October 17, 2016. On December 9,
2016,  Genco  filed  a  voluntary  petition  under  Chapter  11  of  the  United  States  Bankruptcy  Code  in  the
United  States  Bankruptcy  Court  for  the  Southern  District  of  Texas  and  its  plan  of  reorganization  was
approved  by  the  Bankruptcy  Court  on  January  25,  2017  (the  Bankruptcy  Plan).  Advatech’s  contractual
invoice  and  mechanics  lien  were  not  extinguished  per  the  terms  of  the  Bankruptcy  Plan  and  remain
outstanding  claims.  On  March  15,  2017,  Advatech  filed  a  demand  for  arbitration  and  on  July  21,  2017
submitted a Statement of Claim seeking reimbursement of approximately $81 million for Genco’s breach
of contract and failure to reimburse Advatech for all of the cost of work performed under the contract.
Advatech intends to vigorously prosecute this matter and seeks to collect all claimed amounts under
the terms of the contract; however, Advatech cannot provide assurance that it will be successful in these
efforts. The resolution of this matter and any potential range of loss in excess of any current accrual cannot
be  reasonably  determined  or  estimated  at  this  time,  primarily  because  the  matter  has  not  been  fully
arbitrated and presents unique regulatory, bankruptcy and contractual interpretation issues.

19. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information

The  Company’s  operations  are  organized  into  four  reportable  segments:  Design  and  Consulting
Services (DCS), Construction Services (CS), Management Services (MS), and AECOM Capital (ACAP).
During  the  third  quarter  of  fiscal  2017,  operating  activities  of  ACAP  achieved  a  level  of  significance
sufficient to warrant disclosure as a separate reportable segment. Prior to the third quarter of fiscal 2017,
ACAP’s  operating  results  were  included  in  the  corporate  segment,  and  comparable  periods  were
reclassified to reflect the change. The Company’s DCS reportable segment delivers planning, consulting,
architectural,  environmental,  and  engineering  design  services  to  commercial  and  government  clients
worldwide.  The  Company’s  CS  reportable  segment  provides  construction  services  primarily  in  the
Americas.  The  Company’s  MS  reportable  segment  provides  program  and  facilities  management  and
maintenance, training, logistics, consulting, technical assistance, and systems integration and information
technology services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government. The Company’s ACAP segment invests
in real estate, public-private partnership (P3) and infrastructure projects. These reportable segments are
organized by the types of services provided, the differing specialized needs of the respective clients, and
how the Company manages its business. The Company has aggregated various operating segments into its
reportable  segments  based  on  their  similar  characteristics,  including  similar  long  term  financial
performance, the nature of services provided, internal processes for delivering those services, and types of
customers.

During  the  first  quarter  of  fiscal  2017,  an  operation  and  maintenance  related  entity  previously
reported  within  the  CS  segment  was  realigned  within  the  MS  segment  to  reflect  present  management
oversight. Accordingly, approximately $130 million of revenue and $124 million of cost of revenue for the
year ended September 30, 2016 were reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.

122

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

19. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information (Continued)

The following tables set forth summarized financial information concerning the Company’s reportable

segments:

Construction Management

Services

Services

AECOM
Capital

Corporate

Total

Reportable Segments:

Fiscal Year Ended September 30,

2018:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . .
General and administrative expenses .
Impairment of assets held for sale,

including goodwill

. . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on disposal activities . . . . . . . . .
Operating income (loss) . . . . . . . . . .
Segment assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit as a % of revenue . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended September 30,

2017:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . .
General and administrative expenses .
Acquisition and integration expenses .
Gain on disposal activities
. . . . . . . .
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Segment assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit as a % of revenue . . . . .

Fiscal Year Ended September 30,

2016:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . .
General and administrative expenses .
Acquisition and integration expenses .
Loss on disposal activities . . . . . . . . .
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Segment assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit as a % of revenue . . . . .

$ —
—
15.2
(11.2)

$ — $20,155.5
650.6
81.1
(135.7)

—
—
(124.5)

—
—
4.0
140.6

—
—
(124.5)
613.5

(168.2)
(2.9)
424.9
14,681.1

3.2%

$ —
—
57.7
(8.7)
—
—
49.0
199.1

$ —
—
—
(6.0)
—
—
(6.0)
179.1

$ — $18,203.4
683.7
141.6
(133.4)
(38.7)
0.6
653.8
14,397.0

—
—
(124.7)
(38.7)
—
(163.4)
386.2

3.8%

$ — $17,410.8
642.8
104.0
(115.1)
(213.6)
(42.6)
375.5
13,669.9

—
—
(109.1)
(213.6)
—
(322.7)
586.2

3.7%

Design and
Consulting

Services

$8,223.1
439.2
15.8
—

—
—
455.0
7,013.8

(in millions)

$8,238.9
40.4
21.5
—

(168.2)
(2.9)
(109.2)
4,212.0

$3,693.5
171.0
28.6
—

—
—
199.6
2,701.2

5.3%

0.5%

4.6%

$7,566.8
394.8
16.4
—
—
0.6
411.8
6,992.6

$7,295.6
92.9
22.4
—
—
—
115.3
4,114.5

$3,341.0
196.0
45.1
—
—
—
241.1
2,704.6

5.2%

1.3%

5.9%

$7,655.8
382.5
8.9
—
—
—
391.4
6,655.7

$6,371.1
25.4
18.2
—
—
(42.6)
1.0
3,556.2

$3,383.9
234.9
76.9
—
—
—
311.8
2,692.7

5.0%

0.4%

6.9%

123

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

19. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information (Continued)

Geographic Information:

September 30, 2018

Fiscal Year Ended
September 30, 2017

September 30, 2016

Revenue

Long-Lived

Assets

Revenue

Long-Lived

Assets

Revenue

Long-Lived

Assets

United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asia Pacific . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Europe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other foreign countries . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$14,753.4
1,440.6
1,212.3
1,984.1
765.1
$20,155.5

4,844.1
369.2
513.7
1,362.3
397.2
7,486.5

(in millions)

$13,042.6
1,352.7
1,159.9
1,869.9
778.3
$18,203.4

4,779.0
382.9
600.4
1,362.8
418.3
7,543.4

$12,567.0
1,278.3
866.5
1,904.2
794.8
$17,410.8

4,763.9
394.0
615.7
1,368.4
412.5
7,554.5

The  Company  attributes  revenue  by  geography  based  on  the  external  customer’s  country  of  origin.

Long-lived assets consist of noncurrent assets excluding deferred tax assets.

20. Major Clients

Other  than  the  U.S.  federal  government,  no  single  client  accounted  for  10%  or  more  of  the
Company’s  revenue  in  any  of  the  past  five  fiscal  years.  Approximately  23%,  22%,  and  23%  of  the
Company’s revenue was derived through direct contracts with agencies of the U.S. federal government in
the  years  ended  September  30,  2018,  2017  and  2016,  respectively.  One  of  these  contracts  accounted  for
approximately 2%, 3%, and 3% of the Company’s revenue in the years ended September 30, 2018, 2017
and 2016, respectively.

124

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

21. Quarterly Financial Information—Unaudited

In  the  opinion  of  management,  the  following  unaudited  quarterly  data  reflects  all  adjustments
necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring
nature.

First

Quarter

Second
Quarter

Third
Quarter

Fourth
Quarter

(in millions, except per share data)

$4,910.8
4,774.6
136.2
29.7
(34.7)
—
—
131.2
2.3
(56.2)
77.3
(47.1)
124.4

(13.1)
$ 111.3

$4,790.9
4,649.7
141.2
13.1
(30.2)
(168.2)
—
(44.1)
12.5
(100.5)
(132.1)
(24.4)
(107.7)

$5,148.0
4,962.8
185.2
12.8
(35.1)
—
(2.1)
160.8
2.7
(55.3)
108.2
33.1
75.1

(12.0)

$ (119.7) $

(14.2)
60.9

$
$

0.70
0.69

$ (0.75) $
$ (0.75) $

0.38
0.37

157.9
161.8

159.5
159.5

160.4
163.2

$5,305.8
5,117.8
188.0
25.5
(35.7)
—
(0.8)
177.0
2.6
(55.5)
124.1
18.7
105.4

$

$
$

(21.4)
84.0

0.53
0.52

158.6
161.8

Fiscal Year 2018:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairment of assets held for sale, including goodwill
. . . . .
Loss on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income (loss) from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income (loss) before income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Noncontrolling interest in income of consolidated

subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net income (loss) attributable to AECOM per share:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

125

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

21. Quarterly Financial Information—Unaudited (Continued)

Fiscal Year 2017:

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Noncontrolling interest in income of consolidated

subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net income attributable to AECOM per share:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information

First

Quarter

Second
Quarter

Third
Quarter

Fourth
Quarter

(in millions, except per share data)

$4,358.3
4,188.3
170.0
21.4
(32.6)
(15.4)
—
143.4
0.8
(53.6)
90.6
24.8
65.8

$4,427.2
4,258.8
168.4
21.8
(29.9)
(20.0)
0.6
140.9
1.3
(61.8)
80.4
(35.4)
115.8

$4,561.5
4,386.3
175.2
66.5
(34.0)
—
—
207.7
2.1
(61.6)
148.2
12.1
136.1

$

$
$

(18.6)
47.2

(13.4)
$ 102.4

(34.8)
$ 101.3

0.31
0.30

$
$

0.66
0.65

$
$

0.65
0.64

154.3
158.0

155.4
158.7

155.8
158.8

$4,856.4
4,686.3
170.1
31.9
(36.9)
(3.3)
—
161.8
2.5
(54.3)
110.0
6.2
103.8

$

$
$

(15.3)
88.5

0.56
0.55

157.5
161.1

In connection with the registration of the Company’s 2014 Senior Notes that were declared effective
by  the  SEC  on  September  29,  2015,  AECOM  became  subject  to  the  requirements  of  Rule  3-10  of
Regulation S-X regarding financial statements of guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities. Both the
2014  Senior  Notes  and  the  2017  Senior  Notes  are  fully  and  unconditionally  guaranteed  on  a  joint  and
several  basis  by  certain  of  AECOM’s  directly  and  indirectly  100%  owned  subsidiaries  (the  Subsidiary
Guarantors). Other than customary restrictions imposed by applicable statutes, there are no restrictions on
the ability of the Subsidiary Guarantors to transfer funds to AECOM in the form of cash dividends, loans
or advances.

The  following  condensed  consolidating  financial  information,  which  is  presented  for  AECOM,  the
Subsidiary  Guarantors  on  a  combined  basis  and  AECOM’s  non-guarantor  subsidiaries  on  a  combined
basis, is provided to satisfy the disclosure requirements of Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X.

126

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets

(in millions)

September 30, 2018

ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS:

Total cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable—net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . . . .
Current assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income taxes receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT—NET . . . . . . . .
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS—NET . . . . . . . . . . . .
INVESTMENTS IN CONSOLIDATED

SUBSIDIARIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT

VENTURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
GOODWILL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
INTANGIBLE ASSETS—NET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Short-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities . . . .
Income taxes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts
Current liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current portion of long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . .
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . .
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY—NET . . . . . . . . . .
NOTE PAYABLE INTERCOMPANY—NON

CURRENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LONG-TERM DEBT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL AECOM STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’

Noncontrolling interests

EQUITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Parent

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Total

$

22.0
—
951.1
52.9
—
84.6
1,110.6
202.6
134.0

$ 270.9
2,544.7
84.9
331.6
—
—
3,232.1
217.3
—

$ 593.8
2,924.1
157.9
200.7
59.8
42.2
3,978.5
194.2
150.0

$

—
—
(1,193.9)
—
—
—
(1,193.9)
—
(124.6)

$

886.7
5,468.8
—
585.2
59.8
126.8
7,127.3
614.1
159.4

6,364.1

1,912.0

—

(8,276.1)

—

13.4
—
—
49.9
$7,874.6

$

8.4
53.6
58.8
10.4
105.5
1.5
—
43.3
281.5
131.6
—

800.9
2,627.8
3,841.8
4,032.8
—
4,032.8

49.6
3,392.7
218.6
45.6
$9,067.9

$ —
1,616.7
1,035.6
—
830.8
316.1
—
27.0
3,826.2
249.0
63.1

—
291.4
4,429.7
4,638.2
—
4,638.2

247.7
2,528.4
101.3
133.1
$7,333.2

$ —
1,055.7
1,172.7
29.4
416.9
613.8
22.3
64.4
3,375.2
361.5
108.9

487.5
564.5
4,897.6
2,250.1
185.5
2,435.6

—
—
—
—
$(9,594.6)

310.7
5,921.1
319.9
228.6
$14,681.1

$

—
—
—
—
(1,353.2)
—
—
—
(1,353.2)
—
(124.7)

(1,288.4)
—
(2,766.3)
(6,828.3)
—
(6,828.3)

$

8.4
2,726.0
2,267.1
39.8
—
931.4
22.3
134.7
6,129.7
742.1
47.3

—
3,483.7
10,402.8
4,092.8
185.5
4,278.3

$7,874.6

$9,067.9

$7,333.2

$(9,594.6)

$14,681.1

127

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets

(in millions)

September 30, 2017

CURRENT ASSETS:

ASSETS

Total cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable—net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . . . .
Income taxes receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT—NET . . . . . . . .
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS—NET . . . . . . . . . . . .
INVESTMENTS IN CONSOLIDATED

SUBSIDIARIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT

VENTURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
GOODWILL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
INTANGIBLE ASSETS—NET . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Short-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities . . . .
Income taxes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts
Current portion of long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . .
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . .
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY—NET . . . . . . . . . .
NOTE PAYABLE INTERCOMPANY—NON

CURRENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LONG-TERM DEBT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL AECOM STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’

Noncontrolling interests

EQUITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Parent

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Total

$

32.6
—
723.6
67.5
4.3
828.0
160.2
239.7

$

254.9
2,426.4
89.0
366.5
—
3,136.8
215.0
61.7

$ 514.9
2,701.3
183.4
262.7
51.1
3,713.4
246.2
164.5

$

— $
—
(996.0)
—
—
(996.0)
—
(294.6)

802.4
5,127.7
—
696.7
55.4
6,682.2
621.4
171.3

6,606.2

2,812.8

—

(9,419.0)

—

7.2
—
—
8.7
$7,850.0

69.7
3,392.7
271.6
47.4
$10,007.7

$

1.1
33.8
92.2
—
149.2
3.4
110.9
390.6
102.3
—

0.1
3,366.9
3,859.9
3,990.1
—
3,990.1

$

—
1,301.7
1,171.8
8.1
789.5
341.7
14.9
3,627.7
290.7
0.6

—
281.6
4,200.6
5,807.1
—
5,807.1

287.3
2,600.2
143.5
93.8
$7,248.9

$

0.1
914.4
981.5
30.1
159.6
557.7
15.0
2,658.4
488.3
314.5

467.2
53.6
3,982.0
3,048.3
218.6
3,266.9

—
—
—
—
$(10,709.6)

364.2
5,992.9
415.1
149.9
$14,397.0

$

— $
—
—
—
(1,098.3)
—
—
(1,098.3)
—
(294.6)

1.2
2,249.9
2,245.5
38.2
—
902.8
140.8
5,578.4
881.3
20.5

(467.3)
—
(1,860.2)
(8,849.4)
—
(8,849.4)

—
3,702.1
10,182.3
3,996.1
218.6
4,214.7

$7,850.0

$10,007.7

$7,248.9

$(10,709.6)

$14,397.0

128

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations

(in millions)

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2018

Non-

Guarantor Guarantor
Subsidiaries Subsidiaries Eliminations

Parent

Total

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $11,052.9
— 10,757.2
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
295.7
—
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
207.2
460.9
Equity in earnings from subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . .
37.2
—
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . .
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . .
(124.4)
—
Impairment on assets held for sale, including

$9,212.9
8,858.0
354.9
—
43.9
(11.3)

$(110.3) $20,155.5
19,504.9
(110.3)
650.6
—
—
(668.1)
—
81.1
(135.7)
—

goodwill

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income tax (benefit) expense . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests in income of

consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . .

—
—
336.5
12.0
(242.9)
105.6
(31.1)
136.7

—

Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . $ 136.7 $

—
—
540.1
34.5
(25.1)
549.5
98.8
450.7

(168.2)
(2.9)
216.4
12.7
(38.6)
190.5
(87.4)
277.9

—
450.7

(60.7)
$ 217.2

—
—
(668.1)
(39.1)
39.1
(668.1)
—
(668.1)

—

$(668.1) $

(168.2)
(2.9)
424.9
20.1
(267.5)
177.5
(19.7)
197.2

(60.7)
136.5

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017

Non-

Guarantor Guarantor
Subsidiaries Subsidiaries Eliminations

Parent

Total

Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $10,491.6
— 10,136.1
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
355.5
—
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings from subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . .
439.3
222.4
43.8
—
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . . .
—
(124.7)
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . .
—
(38.7)
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
—
621.7
275.9
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
31.9
2.1
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(31.1)
(203.7)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
622.5
74.3
Income before income tax (benefit) expense . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(264.9)
182.5
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
440.0
339.2
Noncontrolling interests in income of

consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . .

—

Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . . . $ 339.2 $

129

—
440.0

$7,764.1
7,435.9
328.2
—
97.8
(8.7)
—
0.6
417.9
9.2
(33.0)
394.1
58.4
335.7

(82.1)
$ 253.6

$ (52.3) $18,203.4
17,519.7
683.7
—
141.6
(133.4)
(38.7)
0.6
653.8
6.7
(231.3)
429.2
7.7
421.5

(52.3)
—
(661.7)
—
—
—
—
(661.7)
(36.5)
36.5
(661.7)
31.7
(693.4)

—

$(693.4) $

(82.1)
339.4

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations

(in millions) (Continued)

Parent

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016
Guarantor Non-Guarantor
Subsidiaries
Revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ — $10,182.1
Cost of revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
— 9,864.3
317.8
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
242.7
437.4
Equity in earnings from subsidiaries . . . . . . . . .
38.4
Equity in earnings of joint ventures . . . . . . . . . .
—
(114.0)
General and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . .
(1.1)
—
(213.6)
Acquisition and integration expenses . . . . . . . . .
Loss on disposal activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
—
597.8
109.8
Income from operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
0.8
34.7
(29.0)
(231.7)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Subsidiaries
$7,310.7
6,985.7
325.0
—
65.6
—
—
(42.6)
348.0
12.7
(37.4)

$ (82.0) $17,410.8
16,768.0
642.8
—
104.0
(115.1)
(213.6)
(42.6)
375.5
8.2
(258.1)

(82.0)
—
(680.1)
—
—
—
—
(680.1)
(40.0)
40.0

Eliminations

Total

(Loss) income before income tax (benefit)

expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests in income of

consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . .

(121.1)
(217.3)
96.2

—

Net income attributable to AECOM . . . . . . . $ 96.2 $

603.5
118.7
484.8

—
484.8

323.3
23.4
299.9

(67.4)
$ 232.5

(680.1)
37.3
(717.4)

—

$(717.4) $

125.6
(37.9)
163.5

(67.4)
96.1

Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(in millions)

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2018

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $136.7
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives, net of

tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation adjustments . . . . . . .
Pension adjustments, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax . . . .
Comprehensive income, net of tax . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests in comprehensive income
of consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income attributable to

Guarantor Non-Guarantor

Parent Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

$450.7

$277.9

Eliminations

Total
$(668.1) $197.2

2.3
—
5.0
7.3
144.0

—

—
—
10.8
10.8
461.5

—

(0.6)
(82.7)
63.7
(19.6)
258.3

(61.9)

—
1.7
— (82.7)
—
79.5
(1.5)
—
(668.1)
195.7

— (61.9)

AECOM, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $144.0

$461.5

$196.4

$(668.1) $133.8

130

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(in millions) (Continued)

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $339.2
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives, net of

tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation adjustments . . . . . . .
Pension adjustments, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income, net of tax . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income, net of tax . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests in comprehensive income
of consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income attributable to

Guarantor Non-Guarantor

Parent Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

$440.0

$335.7

Eliminations

Total
$(693.4) $421.5

4.9
—
7.1
12.0
351.2

—

—
—
13.8
13.8
453.8

—

(0.3)
65.4
66.1
131.2
466.9

(82.2)

4.6
—
65.4
—
87.0
—
— 157.0
578.5

(693.4)

— (82.2)

AECOM, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $351.2

$453.8

$384.7

$(693.4) $496.3

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016
Guarantor Non-Guarantor

Parent Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Total

$484.8

—
—
(14.9)
(14.9)
469.9

—

Subsidiaries
$ 299.9

3.4
(65.3)
(146.7)
(208.6)
91.3

(65.7)

$(717.4) $ 163.5

6.0
—
—
(65.3)
— (164.9)
— (224.2)
(60.7)

(717.4)

—

(65.7)

$469.9

$ 25.6

$(717.4) $(126.4)

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $96.2
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Net unrealized gain on derivatives, net of tax . . . .
2.6
Foreign currency translation adjustments . . . . . . . —
(3.3)
Pension adjustments, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . .
(0.7)
Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax . . . . .
95.5
Noncontrolling interests in comprehensive income

of consolidated subsidiaries, net of tax . . . . . . . —
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to

AECOM, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $95.5

131

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows

(in millions)

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2018
Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-Guarantor

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

$ 640.9

$ 339.1

$

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from purchase price adjustment to

business acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash acquired from consolidation of joint venture
Proceeds from disposal of business, net of cash

disposed . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net investment in unconsolidated joint ventures . .
Net purchases of investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Payments for capital expenditures, net of disposals
Net investment in intercompany notes . . . . . . . .
Other intercompany investing activities . . . . . . . .
. . . . .
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Net cash provided by investing activities

Proceeds from borrowings under credit

agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Repayments of borrowings under credit

agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Redemption of unsecured senior notes . . . . . . . .
Prepayment penalty on unsecured senior notes . . .
Cash paid for debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from issuance of common stock . . . . . .
Proceeds from exercise of stock options . . . . . . .
Payments to repurchase common stock under the

share repurchase program . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Payments to repurchase common stock . . . . . . . .
Net distributions to noncontrolling interests . . . . .
Other financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net borrowings on intercompany notes . . . . . . . .
Other intercompany financing activities
. . . . . . .
Net cash used in financing activities . . . . . . . .

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON
CASH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND

CASH EQUIVALENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT

BEGINNING OF YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Parent
$ (205.5)

—
—

—
(6.1)
—
(29.3)
(54.3)
528.2
438.5

7,770.4

(7,820.0)
(800.0)
(34.5)
(12.2)
35.2
2.8

(150.0)
(29.5)
—
(3.6)
797.8
—
(243.6)

—

(10.6)

32.6

—
—

—
(9.1)
—
(39.1)
(778.8)
1,022.1
195.1

0.2

(18.0)
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
(22.4)
5.9
(785.7)
(820.0)

—

16.0

254.9

2.2
7.6

19.5
30.0
(16.3)
(18.5)
(5.6)
—
18.9

758.4

(202.2)
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
(89.8)
(9.7)
35.0
(764.6)
(272.9)

(6.2)

78.9

514.9

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF

YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

22.0

$ 270.9

$ 593.8

$

132

—

—
—

—
—
—
—
838.7
(1,550.3)
(711.6)

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
(838.7)
1,550.3
711.6

—

—

—

—

Total

$

774.5

2.2
7.6

19.5
14.8
(16.3)
(86.9)
—
—
(59.1)

8,529.0

(8,040.2)
(800.0)
(34.5)
(12.2)
35.2
2.8

(150.0)
(29.5)
(89.8)
(35.7)
—
—
(624.9)

(6.2)

84.3

802.4

$

886.7

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows

(in millions) (Continued)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash

acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Proceeds from disposal of business, net of cash

disposed . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net investment in unconsolidated joint ventures . .
Net purchases of investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Payments for capital expenditures, net of disposals
Net (investment in) reciepts from intercompany

notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other intercompany investing activities . . . . . . . .

Net cash provided by (used in) investing

activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from borrowings under credit

agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Repayments of borrowings under credit

agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Issuance of unsecured senior notes . . . . . . . . . .
Redemption of unsecured senior notes . . . . . . . .
Cash paid for debt and equity issuance costs . . . .
Proceeds from issuance of common stock . . . . . .
Proceeds from exercise of stock options . . . . . . .
Payments to repurchase common stock . . . . . . . .
Net distributions to noncontrolling interests . . . . .
Other financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net borrowings (repayments) on intercompany

notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . .

Other intercompany financing activities

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017
Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-Guarantor

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

Total

Parent

$

(5.9)

$ 695.0

$

7.6

$ —

$

696.7

—

—
—
—
(21.7)

(4.6)
139.0

—

—
(2.7)
—
(30.6)

102.8
(233.2)

(103.1)

2.2
(21.6)
0.9
(26.1)

12.2
—

—

—
—
—
—

(110.4)
94.2

(103.1)

2.2
(24.3)
0.9
(78.4)

—
—

112.7

(163.7)

(135.5)

(16.2)

(202.7)

5,903.5

13.1

(6,956.3)
1,000.0
—
(13.0)
30.1
4.9
(25.1)
—
(24.1)

4.0
—

(51.1)
—
(179.2)
—
—
—
—
—
(38.3)

(16.3)
(200.9)

36.6

(64.2)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(59.0)
35.6

(98.1)
295.1

146.0

2.8

20.9

494.0

—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

110.4
(94.2)

5,953.2

(7,071.6)
1,000.0
(179.2)
(13.0)
30.1
4.9
(25.1)
(59.0)
(26.8)

—
—

16.2

(386.5)

—

—

—

2.8

110.3

692.1

Net cash provided by (used in) financing

activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(76.0)

(472.7)

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON
CASH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH

EQUIVALENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT

BEGINNING OF YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—

30.8

1.8

—

58.6

196.3

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF

YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

32.6

$ 254.9

$ 514.9

$ —

$

802.4

133

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

AECOM

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows

(in millions) (Continued)

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2016
Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-Guarantor

Subsidiaries

Eliminations

$ 639.0

$ 448.8

$

Total

$

814.2

(5.5)
39.7
(71.5)
11.5
(136.8)

—
—

—

—
—
—
—
—

(167.9)
(931.5)

(1,099.4)

(162.6)

—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—

167.9
931.5
1,099.4

—

—

—

—

4,706.2

(5,200.0)
(10.4)
28.2
9.9
(25.9)
(103.2)
(42.9)

—
—
(638.1)

(5.3)

8.2

683.9

$

692.1

(1.0)
—
(3.1)
—
(59.5)

176.1
140.3

252.8

17.6

(22.8)
—
—
—
—
—
(4.5)

12.5
(867.6)
(864.8)

—

27.0

169.3

(4.5)
39.7
(68.4)
11.5
4.7

(13.5)
—

(30.5)

15.6

(53.1)
—
—
—
—
(103.2)
(46.3)

(181.4)
(63.9)
(432.3)

(5.3)

(19.3)

513.3

$ 196.3

$ 494.0

$

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash

acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from disposal of businesses and property
Net investment in unconsolidated joint ventures . .
Net purchases of investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Payments for capital expenditures, net of disposals
Net receipts from (investment in) intercompany

notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other intercompany investing activities . . . . . . . .

Net cash provided by (used in) investing

activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from borrowings under credit

agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Repayments of borrowings under credit

agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash paid for debt and equity issuance costs . . . .
Proceeds from issuance of common stock . . . . . .
Proceeds from exercise of stock options . . . . . . .
Payments to repurchase common stock . . . . . . . .
Net distributions to noncontrolling interests . . . . .
Other financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net borrowings (repayments) on intercompany

Other intercompany financing activities

notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . .
Net cash used in financing activities . . . . . . . .

Parent
$ (273.6)

—
—
—
—
(82.0)

5.3
791.2

714.5

4,673.0

(5,124.1)
(10.4)
28.2
9.9
(25.9)
—
7.9

1.0
—
(440.4)

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON
CASH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND

CASH EQUIVALENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT

BEGINNING OF YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF

YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

—

0.5

1.3

1.8

134

AECOM Technology Corporation

Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

(amounts in millions)

Balance at
Beginning of Charged to Cost

Additions

Year

of Revenue

Other and

Foreign

Deductions(a) Exchange Impact

Balance at
the End

of

the Year

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Fiscal Year 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fiscal Year 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fiscal Year 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$52.2
$60.4
$64.1

$18.3
$13.1
$16.4

$(17.5)
$(20.7)
$(20.5)

$(1.4)
$(0.6)
$ 0.4

$51.6
$52.2
$60.4

(a) Primarily relates to accounts written-off and recoveries

135

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND

FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Based on management’s evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and
Chief  Financial  Officer  (CFO),  our  CEO  and  CFO  have  concluded  that  our  disclosure  controls  and
procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (Exchange Act), were effective as of September 30, 2018 to ensure that information required to
be  disclosed  by  us  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  or  submitted  under  the  Exchange  Act  is
(i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange  Commission  rules  and  forms,  and  (ii)  accumulated  and  communicated  to  our  management,
including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our  management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over
financial  reporting.  Internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  defined  in  Rule  13a-15(f)  or  15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the
company’s  board  of  directors,  management  and  other  personnel,  to  provide  reasonable  assurance
regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external
purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  Internal  control  over  financial
reporting  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (i)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that  in
reasonable  detail  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the
company;  (ii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of
management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our  management,  with  the  participation  of  our  CEO  and  CFO,  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  our
internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  September  30,  2018,  the  end  of  our  fiscal  year.  Our
management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management’s
assessment  included  evaluation  and  testing  of  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness  of  key  financial
reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment.

Based  on  our  management’s  assessment,  our  management  has  concluded  that  our  internal  control
over  financial  reporting  was  effective  as  of  September  30,  2018.  Our  management  communicated  the
results of its assessment to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.

Our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  Ernst  &  Young  LLP,  audited  our  financial
statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and

136

has issued an audit report with respect to the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting, a copy of which is included earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended
September 30, 2018 identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15
and  15d-15  under  the  Exchange  Act  that  have  materially  affected,  or  are  reasonably  likely  to  materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

On November 13, 2018, the Credit Agreement was amended to revise the definition of ‘‘Consolidated
EBITDA’’ to increase corporate restructuring allowances and provide for additional flexibility under the
covenants  for  non-core  asset  dispositions,  among  other  changes,  see  Item  15.  Exhibits  and  Financial
Statement Schedules, Exhibit #4.21, Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 13,
2018, among AECOM, the Lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent,
Swing Line Lender, and an L.C. Issuer.

The  Company  commenced  a  restructuring  plan  to  improve  profitability  and  rationalize  costs  in  the
first quarter of fiscal year 2019. The Company expects to incur restructuring costs of $80 to $90 million in
the  first  half  of  fiscal  2019  primarily  related  to  personnel  and  real  estate  costs.  Total  cash  costs  for  the
restructuring are expected to be between $60 and $70 million.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Incorporated  by  reference  from  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2019  Annual  Meeting  of

Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2018 year end.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Incorporated  by  reference  from  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2019  Annual  Meeting  of

Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2018 year end.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS

Other  than  with  respect  to  the  information  relating  to  our  equity  compensation  plans,  which  is
incorporated herein by reference to Part II, Item 5, ‘‘Equity Compensation Plans’’ of this Form 10-K, the
information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the
2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2018 year end.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR

INDEPENDENCE

Incorporated  by  reference  from  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2019  Annual  Meeting  of

Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2018 year end.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Incorporated  by  reference  from  our  definitive  proxy  statement  for  the  2019  Annual  Meeting  of

Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2018 year end.

137

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) Documents filed as part of this report:

PART IV

(1) The company’s Consolidated Financial Statements at September 30, 2018 and 2017 and for
each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  September  30,  2018  and  the  notes  thereto,
together  with  the  report  of  the  independent  auditors  on  those  Consolidated  Financial
Statements are hereby filed as part of this report.

(2) Financial Statement Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended

September 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016.

(3) See Exhibits and Index to Exhibits, below.

(b) Exhibits.

Incorporated by

Reference (Exchange Act
Filings Located at File

No. 0-52423)

Form
10-K

Exhibit

3.1

Filing Date Herewith
11/21/2011

Filed

S-4

3.2

8/1/2014

10-K

3.3

11/17/14

8-K

8-K

8-K

Form 10

Form 10

Form 10

Form 10

Form 10

3.1

3.1

3.2
3.2

3.3

3.4

3.5

4.1

1/9/2015

3/3/2017

11/16/2017
1/29/2007

1/29/2007

1/29/2007

1/29/2007

1/29/2007

Exhibit
Number
3.1

3.2

3.3

3.4

3.5

3.6
3.7

3.8

3.9

3.10

4.1

Exhibit Description

and  Restated  Certificate  of
of  AECOM  Technology

Amended 
Incorporation 
Corporation.
Certificate  of  Amendment  to  Amended  and
Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of
AECOM Technology Corporation.
Certificate  of  Correction  of  Amended  and
Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of
AECOM Technology Corporation.
Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Company’s
Certificate of Incorporation.
Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Company’s
Certificate of Incorporation.
Amended and Restated Bylaws.
Certificate  of  Designations 
Preferred Stock.
Certificate  of  Designations 
Preferred Stock.
Certificate  of  Designations 
Convertible Preferred Stock.
Certificate  of  Designations 
Convertible Preferred Stock.
Form of Common Stock Certificate.

for  Class  G

for  Class  C

for  Class  E

for  Class  F

138

Incorporated by

Reference (Exchange Act
Filings Located at File

No. 0-52423)

Form
8-K

Exhibit

4.1

Filing Date Herewith
10/8/2014

Filed

10-K

4.10

11/17/2014

S-4

4.3

7/6/2015

S-4

4.4

7/6/2015

8-K

10.2

3/14/2018

8-K

4.01

3/20/2012

8-K

4.02

3/20/2012

8-K

4.03

3/20/2012

8-K

4.6

5/18/2012

Exhibit
Number
4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6

4.7†

Exhibit Description

Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2014, by and
among  AECOM  Technology  Corporation,  the
Guarantors  party  thereto,  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association, as trustee.
First  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
October  17,  2014,  by  and  among  AECOM
Technology  Corporation,  the  guarantors  party
thereto and U.S. Bank National Association.
Second  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
June  3,  2015,  by  and  among  AECOM,  the
guarantors  party  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.
Third  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
June  19,  2015,  by  and  among  AECOM,  the
guarantor  party 
thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.
Fourth  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
March  13,  2018,  by  and  among  AECOM,  the
guarantors  party  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.
Indenture,  dated  March  15,  2012,  between
URS Corporation, URS Fox U.S. LP and U.S.
Bank National Association.

4.8† First 

Indenture, 

Supplemental 

dated
March  15,  2012,  by  and  among  URS
Corporation, URS Fox U.S. LP, the additional
guarantor  parties  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.
Second 
dated
March  15,  2012,  by  and  among  URS
Corporation, URS Fox U.S. LP, the additional
guarantor  parties  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.

Supplemental 

Indenture, 

4.9†

4.10† Third  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
May  14,  2012,  by  and  among  URS
Corporation, URS Fox U.S. LP, the additional
guarantor  parties  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.

139

Incorporated by

Reference (Exchange Act
Filings Located at File

No. 0-52423)

Form
8-K

Exhibit

4.2

Filing Date Herewith
9/26/2012

Filed

10-K

4.8

11/17/2014

8-K

4.1

2/21/2017

8-K

10.3

3/14/2018

8-K

10.1

10/17/2014

8-K

10.1

7/7/2015

8-K

10.1

12/22/2015

Exhibit
Number

Exhibit Description

4.15

4.14

4.13

4.12

among 

AECOM 

4.11† Fourth  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
September  24,  2012,  by  and  among  URS
Corporation, URS Fox U.S. LP, the additional
guarantor  parties  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.
Fifth  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
October  17,  2014,  by  and  among  AECOM
Global  II,  LLC,  URS  Fox  U.S.  LP  and  U.S.
Bank National Association.
Indenture,  dated  as  of  February  21,  2017,  by
and  among  AECOM,  the  Guarantors  party
thereto  and  U.S.  Bank,  National  Association,
as trustee.
First  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of
March  13,  2018,  by  and  among  AECOM,  the
guarantors  party  thereto  and  U.S.  Bank
National Association.
Credit  Agreement,  dated  as  of  October  17,
2014, 
Technology
Corporation  and  certain  of  its  subsidiaries,  as
borrowers,  certain  lenders,  Bank  of  America,
N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  Swing  Line
Lender  and  L/C  Issuer,  MUFG  Union  Bank,
N.A.,  BNP  Paribas,  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,
N.A.,  and  the  Bank  of  Nova  Scotia,  as
Co-Syndication  Agents,  and  BBVA  Compass,
Credit  Agricole  Corporate  and  Investment
Bank, HSBC Bank USA, National Association,
Sumitomo  Mitsui  Banking  Corporation  and
Wells  Fargo  Bank,  National  Association,  as
Co-Documentation Agents.
Amendment  No.  1  to  the  Credit  Agreement,
dated  as  of  July  1,  2015,  by  and  among
AECOM  and  certain  of  its  subsidiaries,  as
borrowers,  certain  lenders,  Bank  of  America,
N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  Swing  Line
Lender and L/C Issuer.
Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated
as of December 22, 2015, among the Company,
the  Lenders  party  thereto,  and  Bank  of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing
Line Lender, and an L/C Issuer.

4.16

4.17

140

Exhibit
Number
4.18

4.19

4.20

4.21

Exhibit Description

Amendment  No.  3  to  Credit  Agreement  and
Amendment No. 1 to the Security Agreement,
dated  as  of  September  29,  2016,  among  the
Company,  the  Lenders  party  thereto,  and
Bank  of  America,  N.A.,  as  Administrative
Agent, Swing Line Lender, and an L/C Issuer.
Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement dated
as of March 31, 2017, among the Company, the
Lenders  party  thereto,  and  Bank  of  America,
N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  Swing  Line
Lender, and an L/C Issuer.
Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated
as  of  March  13,  2018,  among  AECOM,  the
Lenders  party  thereto,  and  Bank  of  America,
N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  Swing  Line
Lender, and an L/C Issuer.
Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated
as of November 12, 2018, among AECOM, the
Lenders  party  thereto,  and  Bank  of  America,
N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  Swing  Line
Lender, and an L.C. Issuer

Incorporated by

Reference (Exchange Act
Filings Located at File

No. 0-52423)

Form
8-K

Exhibit
10.1

Filing Date Herewith
9/30/16

Filed

8-K

10.1

4/6/2017

8-K

10.1

3/14/2018

X

10.1# AECOM  Technology  Corporation  Change  in

Control Severance Policy for Key Executives

10.2# Employment  Agreement,  dated  as  of  July  14,
2010,  by  and  among  AECOM  Technology
Corporation, 
Construction
Corporation and Daniel R. Tishman.

Tishman 

10.3# Employment  Agreement  between  AECOM
Technology  Corporation  and  Randall  A.
Wotring, dated as of January 1, 2015.

10.4# Amended  and  Restated  AECOM  Technology

Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

10-Q

10.1

2/8/2018

8-K

2.2

7/14/2010

10-Q

10.2

2/11/2015

10-Q

10.1

5/11/16

10.5# Amended  and  Restated  2006  Stock  Incentive Schedule 14A Annex B 1/21/2011

Plan.

10.6# Form  of  Stock  Option  Standard  Terms  and

Conditions under 2006 Stock Incentive Plan.

10.7# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Standard Terms
and  Conditions  under  2006  Stock  Incentive
Plan.

8-K

8-K

10.1

12/5/2008

10.2

12/21/2012

141

Exhibit
Number

Exhibit Description

10.8# Standard  Terms 

and  Conditions 

for
Performance  Earnings 
under
AECOM  Technology  Corporation  2006  Stock
Incentive Plan.

Program 

Incorporated by

Reference (Exchange Act
Filings Located at File

No. 0-52423)

Form
8-K

Exhibit
10.3

Filing Date Herewith
12/5/2008

Filed

10.9# AECOM  Amended  &  Restated  2016  Stock Schedule 14A Annex B 1/19/2017

Incentive Plan.

10.10# Form  Standard  Terms  and  Conditions  for
Restricted  Stock  Units  for  Non-Employee
Directors under the 2016 Stock Incentive.

10.11# Form  Standard  Terms  and  Conditions  for
Restricted  Stock  Units  under  the  2016  Stock
Incentive Plan.

10.12# Form  Standard  Terms  and  Conditions  for
Performance  Earnings  Program  under  the
2016 Stock Incentive Plan.

10.13# Form  Standard  Terms  and  Conditions  for
Non-Qualified  Stock  Options  under  the  2016
Stock Incentive Plan.

10-Q

10.3

5/11/16

10-Q

10.4

5/11/16

10-Q

10.5

5/11/16

10-Q

10.6

5/11/16

10.14# Standard  Terms 

and  Conditions 

Program 

for
and

8-K

10.1

12/15/16

Performance 
Performance Criteria.

Earnings 

10.15# AECOM  Technology  Corporation  Executive

Deferred Compensation Plan.

10.16# First  Amendment  to  the  AECOM  Executive

Deferred Compensation Plan.

8-K

10.1

12/21/2012

10-Q

10.3

2/10/2016

10.17# AECOM  Technology  Corporation  Executive Schedule 14A Annex A 1/22/2010

Incentive Plan.

10.18# Letter Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2014,
among  AECOM  Technology

by 
Corporation and Michael S. Burke.

and 

10.19# Letter  Agreement,  dated  as  of  May  8,  2018

between AECOM and Michael S. Burke.

10.20# Form  of  Special  LTI  Award  Stock  Option
Terms  and  Conditions  under  the  2006  Stock
Incentive Plan.

10.21# AECOM  Retirement  &  Savings  Plan
(amended and restated effective July 1, 2016).
Subsidiaries of AECOM.

21.1

142

8-K

10.1

3/12/2014

10-Q

10.1

5/9/2018

8-K

10.2

3/12/2014

10-Q

10.1

8/10/2016

X

Incorporated by

Reference (Exchange Act
Filings Located at File

No. 0-52423)

Filing Date Herewith

Filed

Exhibit
Number
23.1

31.1

31.2

Exhibit Description

Form

Exhibit

Consent  of  Independent  Registered  Public
Accounting Firm.
Certification  of 
the  Company’s  Chief
Executive  Officer  pursuant  to  Section  302  of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Certification of the Company’s Chief Financial
Officer  pursuant 
the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

to  Section  302  of 

32* Certification  of 

the  Company’s  Chief
Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002.

95 Mine Safety Disclosure.

XBRL Instance Document

101.INS
101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
101.CAL

101.LAB
101.PRE

101.DEF

XBRL  Taxonomy  Extension  Calculation
Linkbase
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase
XBRL  Taxonomy  Extension  Presentation
Linkbase
XBRL  Taxonomy  Extension  Definition
Linkbase

X

X

X

X

X
X
X
X

X
X

X

# Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
* Document has been furnished and not filed.
†

Indicates a material agreement previously filed by URS Corporation, a public company acquired by
AECOM on October 17, 2014.

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

143

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  the
Registrant  has  duly  caused  this  report  to  be  signed  on  its  behalf  by  the  undersigned,  thereunto  duly
authorized.

SIGNATURE

AECOM

By:

/s/ W. TROY RUDD
W. Troy Rudd

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial

Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

Date:

November 13, 2018

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  this  report  has  been  signed

below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ MICHAEL S. BURKE
Michael S. Burke

/s/ W. TROY RUDD
W. Troy Rudd

/s/ GAURAV KAPOOR
Gaurav Kapoor

/s/ JAMES H. FORDYCE
James H. Fordyce

Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer
(Principal Executive
Officer)

Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal
Financial Officer)

Senior Vice President,
Global Controller
(Principal Accounting
Officer)

November 13, 2018

November 13, 2018

November 13, 2018

Director

November 13, 2018

/s/ SENATOR WILLIAM H. FRIST, M.D.

Senator William H. Frist, M.D.

Director

November 13, 2018

/s/ LINDA GRIEGO
Linda Griego

Director

November 13, 2018

144

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ ROBERT J. ROUTS
Robert J. Routs

/s/ CLARENCE T. SCHMITZ

Clarence T. Schmitz

/s/ DOUGLAS W. STOTLAR

Douglas W. Stotlar

/s/ DANIEL R. TISHMAN
Daniel R. Tishman

Director

November 13, 2018

Director

November 13, 2018

Director

November 13, 2018

Director, AECOM Vice
Chairman

November 13, 2018

/s/ GEN. JANET C. WOLFENBARGER, USAF RET.

Gen. Janet C. Wolfenbarger, USAF Ret.

Director

November 13, 2018

145

