W E   A R E   A F L A C

2 0 1 7   Y E A R  

I N   R E V I E W

WE ARE AFLAC

For more than 63 years, Aflac has had the extraordinary privilege and opportunity to help 

provide financial protection and peace of mind to now more than 50 million people. We make 

good on this commitment by delivering on our promise to be there for our policyholders 

when an illness, health event or life situation occurs – at precisely the time they need us most. 

This promise lies at that heart of what we do, but Aflac is much more than the promise we 

sell each day. Aflac is committed to helping provide financial protection and peace of mind 

for our policyholders. We are committed to empowering people to pursue their dreams 

through a team of employees, independent sales agents and sales distribution networks. 

We’re committed to our decades-long track record of creating value and rewarding our 

shareholders for their investment and the trust they place in us. We are devoted to the cause 

of the child battling cancer. Simply put, this is who we are – we are Aflac.

COVER STORY 

We are Aflac. We believe that the very nature of who we are as a company is reflected 

in the ways we help those with whom we do business. Who we are drives us to help our 

policyholders focus on their recovery rather than financial worries, so they can get back to 

the activities that make them who they are.  In the case of Aflac policyholder Satoru  Kasuya, 

that has meant empowering him to focus on his personal journey of recovery, returning to 

the joy of running, and inspiring others to do the same. Read more on page 10.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

4  

Message from Management

6  

8  

A Conversation with  

Aflac Chairman and CEO Dan Amos 

The Impact of  

Foreign Currency on Aflac 

10  

Aflac Japan 

24  

Aflac U.S. 

36  

Aflac Corporate Ventures

37  

Aflac Global Investments

38  

Selected Financial Data 

40  

Investor Facts 

42  

Board of Directors and  
Executive Management 

44  

Glossary of Selected Terms

PAGE 27

PAGE 4

PAGE 10

PAGE 33

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  1

PAGE 24AFLAC’S GOAL 

To provide customers with 

the best value in voluntary 

insurance products in the 

United States and Japan

Aflac’s voluntary insurance products pay cash benefits directly to the policyholder to help protect against 
income and asset loss when a specific health event or life situation presents financial challenges. Aflac is 
the number one provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite in the United States* and insures one in 
four households** in Japan, providing financial protection to more than 50 million people.

*Source: Eastbridge Consulting Group, Inc. U.S. Worksite/Voluntary Sales Report. Carrier Results for 2016. Avon, CT: April 2017
**Based on the 2017 number of households published by Japan’s Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications

2 

OUR LONG–TERM GROWTH STRATEGY

RELEVANT 
PRODUCTS 

sold 

through

EXPANDED  

DISTRIBUTION  

yields

NEW ACCOUNTS  
AND CUSTOMERS 

PROTECTING AGAINST:

REACHING CUSTOMERS:

INSURING:

RISING OUT-OF-POCKET  

MEDICAL EXPENSES,  

COPAYS AND  
DEDUCTIBLES

 AT THE WORKSITE 

THROUGH AGENTS  

AND BROKERS 

THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS

MORE THAN  

50 MILLION PEOPLE 

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  3

MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT 
DANIEL P. AMOS, CHAIRMAN AND CEO

We Are Aflac

We Are Aflac. It is our privilege to deliver peace of mind and 
help provide financial protection to more than 50 million 
people in Japan and the United States. 

year and generating solid financial results while also actively 
investing  in  our  platform.  We  remain  enthusiastic  about 
opportunities for longer-term sales. 

Our product is intangible: We sell a promise to be there 
for  our  policyholders  and  insureds  when  they  need  us 
most  by  paying  claims  fairly  and  promptly.  Living  up  to 
that promise is what really counts in delivering a positive 
consumer experience and building a strong brand. It’s part 
of what we call The Aflac Way, which embodies who we 
are and what we do. 

2017 was another year in which Aflac extended our record 
of success. Both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. honed several 
points of leverage over the last several decades:

• 

• 

Industry-leading market share and scale 

Innovative products and high-quality,  
customized service 

•  Recognized and powerful brand 

•  Diverse and productive distribution channels 

In  focusing  on  these  strategic  points  of  leverage,  we 
achieved our 2017 operating earnings per diluted share 
objective, excluding the impact of foreign currency,* which 
grew  6.3%.  This  metric  is  one  of  the  principal  financial 
measures used to evaluate management’s performance, 
and we believe it continues to be a key driver of share-
holder value.

AFLAC JAPAN
In Japan, where we are proud to insure one in four house-
holds,  we  worked  to  strengthen  relationships  with  our 
sales  channels  and  enhance  our  product  line  to  ensure 
we’re continuing to meet the needs of consumers. In 2017, 
these actions were again instrumental in maintaining our 
status as the leading provider of both medical and cancer 
insurance  in  Japan.  As  a  result  we  met  our  third  sector 
sales objectives, increasing third sector sales 4.1% for the 
year and generating solid financial results. 

AFLAC U.S. 
In the United States, Aflac again earned the distinction of 
being the number one provider of voluntary insurance at 
the worksite.** In 2017, Aflac U.S. met our new annualized 
premium sales objectives, increasing sales 4.7% for the full 

STRONG CAPITAL PROFILE  
SUPPORTS OUR PROMISE  
Our strong capital position reinforces what I believe is the 
most important promise an insurance company makes to its 
policyholders – to protect them when they need us most by 
paying claims fairly and promptly. We believe the financial 
strength  of  our  company  is  important  to  our  business. 
Our robust capital ratios and balance sheet demonstrate 
our commitment to maintaining strong capital levels and 
flexibility on behalf of our policyholders, bondholders and 
shareholders. We regularly assess our capital adequacy to 
ensure these levels remain strong, even against extreme 
economic  scenarios.  As  a  result,  we  hold  among  the 
highest financial strength ratings in the industry. 

We’re  proud  that  rating  agencies  continue  to  recognize 
the strength of our balance sheet. Our financial strength 
ratings,  which  reflect  our  ability  to  pay  claims,  are  A+  
(Superior) by A.M. Best, Aa3 by Moody’s, A+ by Standard 
& Poor’s (S&P), A+ by Fitch and AA- by Rating & Investment 
Information Inc. (R&I). 

While policyholders are always top of mind, we also strive 
to enhance shareholder value through capital deployment. 
In 2017, we repurchased $1.35 billion, or 17.8 million of our 
common shares. Our Board of Directors approved a 4.7% 
increase  in  the  quarterly  cash  dividend  to  shareholders 
in  2017,  marking  the  35th  consecutive  year  of  dividend 
increases. This increase in the dividend placed us among 
a very elite category of companies, including recognition on 
the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat listing. On top of that, the 
Board increased the dividend by 15.6% in the first quarter 
of 2018, reflecting overall strength in the company’s capital 
position and an outlook for stable growth in earnings and 
deployable capital generation. This accelerated resetting of 
the dividend demonstrates our commitment to rewarding 
our  shareholders.  Including  dividends  and  share  repur-
chase, we returned more than $2.0 billion to our share-
holders in 2017. I am pleased with these actions, as well 
as with the Aflac Incorporated Board of Directors’ decision 
to declare a two-for-one stock split facilitated through a 
stock dividend.

4 

Aflac  is  committed  to  making  business  decisions  that 
balance the needs of our many constituencies, including 
our policyholders, employees, distribution network and 
shareholders, while recognizing the obligation we have to 
the global community. We are dedicated to the health and 
well-being of the people we serve and also to the health 
and well-being of the environment. As such, we strive to 
balance effective and efficient management of our opera-
tions  with  responsible  environmental  stewardship.  We 
don’t seek recognition for the sake of recognition, but 
when we receive accolades, it lets us know we’re doing 
the right things. As just a few examples of the recognition 
Aflac has received with respect to sustainability, in 2017:

•  Aflac became the first U.S. insurance company to 

become ISO 50001: Energy Management Systems 
registered and the 10th data center in the U.S. to 
become Energy Star certified 

•  Newsweek Magazine named Aflac as #33 on its 
U.S. Green Ranking list, which evaluates the 500 
largest publicly traded companies

•  Aflac was included for the 7th consecutive year  
on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for 
North America

At Aflac, we have always managed our business for the 
long term while focusing on meeting our financial objec-
tives. As we reflect on 2017 and look to the future, deliv-
ering on our promise has been and will remain our top 
priority. After all, that is not only what sets Aflac apart, 
it’s who we are.  

Daniel P. Amos 
Chairman and CEO, Aflac and Aflac Incorporated

*Operating earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of foreign currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. See page 44 for a definition of this measure  
and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable
**Source: Eastbridge Consulting Group, Inc. U.S. Worksite/Voluntary Sales Report. Carrier Results for 2016. Avon, CT: April 2017

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  5

A CONVERSATION WITH 

AFLAC CHAIRMAN AND CEO   DAN AMOS

Q:   What do you see as your most important responsibilities as CEO?  
A:   Delivering on our promise to policyholders, being transparent, and protecting the Aflac 

brand are among my most central responsibilities. With our products being intangible, 
we have to work harder to show their value, and we show that value by delivering on 
our promise to be there when policyholders need us most. Additionally, we work hard 
each day to be as straightforward and transparent as possible so that the financial 
community and all stakeholders understand what our objectives are, how we are going 
to achieve them, and what challenges we face. Finally, protecting the Aflac brand is 
always on my mind, because our brand is everything to us. Our brand is more than 
just our commercials – it is those who represent our business: our sales force, our 
employees and our culture. It is who we are. On the advertising side of the brand, with 
technology that allows consumers to bypass commercials, I believe businesses just 
starting out and trying to develop a new brand from scratch with the name recognition 
like ours face huge challenges, including tremendous costs. 

Q:   What do you see as Aflac’s role in the local and global community? 
A:   Our businesses in the United States and Japan are closely tied to their surrounding 

communities. So, from a practical standpoint, it also makes sense to give back to the 
community. And keep in mind, performing for shareholders and being a responsible 
corporate citizen are not mutually exclusive. A passion for fighting childhood cancer 
and supporting cancer research took hold in 1995 when we began our partnership 
with the Aflac Cancer and Blood Disorders Center of Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta 
and has never let up. Since that time, our treasured partnership has grown larger and 
more meaningful than I could have ever imagined. Not only has this passion literally 
become ingrained in our corporate culture and been embraced by every level of our 
sales force and employees, but it has also spanned the globe and has been embraced 
by Aflac Japan. In 2009, Aflac Japan opened the third Parents House, which is a home 
away from home for parents of children receiving cancer treatment. I believe that by 
being a strong corporate citizen, you ultimately have the opportunity to attract a high 
caliber of people who complement Aflac’s culture and, in turn, make your company 
that much stronger.  

Q:   Having achieved long-term success, how do you continue to foster growth? 
A:   In 2017, we achieved another year in which we delivered on our financial growth 

objectives, and we will continue to focus on our core fundamentals. At any given 
time, one aspect of the business may be a little stronger, and one might prove a little 
more challenging. But in managing the business from a long-term perspective, we 
understand that these challenges are inherent in business cycles. 

6 

Q:   Can Aflac continue its strong rate of growth?  
A:   Success can be a double-edged sword. It can create difficult comparisons for the 

future. Having said that, our size is beneficial to us because of the financial stability it 
provides and the administrative efficiency that allows us to offer low-cost products, 
both of which give us a competitive edge. Simply put, we see enormous potential in 
both of our markets. With rising copayments, deductibles and other out-of-pocket 
expenses in the United States and Japan, there is still great opportunity ahead. We 
stick to what we do best, which is a strategy that has helped us achieve our earnings 
targets. It’s also one we believe will extend our record of growth over the long term.   

Q:   What are your thoughts on Aflac’s competition in Japan and the United States? 
A:   In the United States, we are the leading provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite. 

While other companies are getting into the voluntary space, I do want to emphasize 
one major difference between Aflac and all the other competing U.S. companies: For 
Aflac, voluntary insurance sold at the worksite represents our primary focus, whereas 
our competitors tend to offer voluntary products as a peripheral line of business. We 
believe this discipline and focus give us an edge that has contributed to our market-
leading position. In Japan, Aflac has been the number one seller of cancer insurance 
since we entered the Japan market in 1974 and the leading seller of medical insurance 
since we introduced EVER, our base medical policy, in 2002. In 2017, Aflac Japan 
remained the leading provider of cancer and medical insurance policies in Japan, 
insuring one in four households, and that demonstrates that we are seizing the sales 
opportunities out there!  

Q:   As chairman and CEO, you obviously focus an enormous amount of your time on 

work. When you have some free time, what do you like to do? 

A:   One of the many things I enjoy doing is spending time at my farm. Whether fishing, 

horseback riding, or spending time with my family and friends, it’s a peaceful place 
where I can unwind, recharge, and come back to work with fresh ideas. The farm is 
also a place where I do a lot of entertaining, including agent groups from Japan. I find 
this setting helps people get to know each other on a more personal level. I believe this 
interaction helps us to become a more cohesive team when we get back to the office.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  7

THE IMPACT OF FOREIGN CURRENCY ON AFLAC

The company believes that it is important to understand the impact of translating yen into dollars on our financial 
statements. A significant portion of Aflac’s business is in Japan, where the functional currency is the yen. For financial 
reporting purposes, we translate Aflac Japan’s results in yen into U.S. dollars.  

$4.0

3.5

3.0

2.5

2.0

1.5

1.0

.5

0

SEGMENTS

Japan

U.S.

  2011  2012 2013  2014  2015  2016 2017

Pretax Segment Operating Earnings

(Dollars, In Billions)

$3.05

*
$3.12

  2011  2012 2013  2014  2015  2016 2017

SEGMENTS

JAPAN SEGMENT

Japan

U.S.

As Reported

Excluding Foreign 
Currency Impact

2017

2017

IMPACT OF FOREIGN CURRENCY ON THE INCOME STATEMENT

Aflac’s income statement is translated at the average exchange rate for the period. In years when the yen strengthens, translating yen 
into dollars causes more dollars to be reported. In years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be 
reported. As you can see below, the yen strengthens and weakens periodically. In 2017, the average yen/dollar exchange rate weakened 
3.1% from 108.70 yen to the dollar to 112.16 yen to the dollar, which suppressed Aflac’s income statement in dollar terms. We believe 
that viewing our results excluding the impact of foreign currency is the most meaningful way to evaluate our financial performance. Japan 
pretax segment operating earnings for the full year of 2017 were $3.05 billion. Excluding the impact from the weaker yen, Japan pretax 
segment operating earnings were $3.12 billion.

Weighted-Average Yen/Dollar Exchange Rates 

¥130
120
110
100
90
80
70

Yen/Dollar
YEN 
Exchange Rate (Average)

WEAKENING

 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017

Source: Internally calculated weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rates.

YEN  

STRENGTHENING

* Amount excluding current period foreign currency impact (a non-GAAP measure) was computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior-year 
period, which eliminates dollar-based fluctuations driven solely from currency rate changes. 

8 

It’s  noteworthy  that  Aflac’s  currency  exposure  is  primarily  translation-related  as  opposed  to  currency  transac-
tions. Due to the significant contribution of Aflac Japan’s operations to overall earnings, a weaker yen suppresses  
Aflac Japan’s results as reported in dollars. The weighted average yen strengthened in 2016 and weakened in 2017.

Segment Assets 

(Dollars, In Billions)

$114.4

$111.0

*

$120.0

100.0

80.0

60.0

40.0

20.0

0

SEGMENTS

Japan

U.S.

  2011  2012 2013  2014  2015  2016 2017

2017

2017

JAPAN SEGMENT

As Reported

Excluding Yen Impact

IMPACT OF CURRENCY ON THE BALANCE SHEET

Aflac primarily holds yen-denominated assets to support the large amount of yen-denominated liabilities in Japan. Except for certain 
transactions, Aflac does not convert yen into dollars. Aflac Japan’s balance sheet is translated using the exchange rate at the end of the 
period. Given the recent strengthening of the yen, Aflac’s balance sheet was likewise only slightly magnified in dollar terms. The year-end 
exchange rate for 2017 strengthened 3.1% from the prior year to 113.00 yen to the dollar. Aflac Japan’s total segment assets at the end of 
December 2017 were $114.4 billion. Excluding the impact from the yen at year end, total segment assets were $111.0 billion. 

Year-End Yen/Dollar Exchange Rates 

¥130
120
110
100
90
80
70

 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017

Source: Bloomberg ©

Yen/Dollar
YEN 
Exchange Rate (Year End)

WEAKENING

YEN  

STRENGTHENING

* Amount excluding current period foreign currency impact (a non-GAAP measure) was computed using the year-end spot yen/dollar exchange rate for the prior-year 
period, which eliminates dollar-based fluctuations driven solely from currency rate changes. 

 

2007  2008  2009  2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  9

Aflac Japan

20

17Satoru Kasuya’s story of determination and grit 

has been so compelling that he was featured in 
one of Aflac Japan’s television commercials to 
inspire others battling cancer and to share how 
Aflac policies provide financial protection.

10 

Satoru Kasuya, long-distance runner and member 
of the Toyota Boshoku corporate running team, 
has been an Aflac cancer insurance policyholder 
since the age of  22 when his father purchased a 
policy for him. He has often thought that the best 
part of having cancer insurance is not needing 
to use it. A glimpse into Kasuya-san’s life reveals 
personal dedication to fitness, endurance, speed 
and excellence. An athlete since the age of 13, he 
finds great joy from running. One would never know 
that only four short years ago, after feeling under 
the weather, he was diagnosed with malignant 
lymphoma – and was thrust into one of the most 
harrowing competitions of his life. He found it 
particularly difficult to break the news of his 

diagnosis to his family, especially because another 
family member had also recently been diagnosed. 
Fortunately, it wouldn’t be long before his innate 
discipline and dedication to overcoming obstacles 
would prove key to charting an exhaustive but 
successful road to recovery. Throughout his sickness, 
his Aflac policy gave him peace of mind and benefits 
that helped him focus on his recovery rather than 
concerns about the cost of treatment. Throughout 
his treatment, Kasuya-san longed to get back to 
running not just for his own personal joy, but to get 
the message out that one can thrive post-cancer. With 
dogged determination, he set his sights on returning to 
his pre-cancer fitness level and beyond! He has again 
hit his stride and has high aspirations for the future.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  11

Daiki Ota, insurance salesperson at Gifu Kita Post 
Office, frequently accommodates customers who 
prefer to discuss their insurance needs from home 
by visiting their place of residence by motorcycle. 
Following a consultative interview to help gain 
a thorough understanding of the needs of each 
customer, he has the information he needs to 
provide customized product recommendations to 
meet their individual needs. Aflac’s cancer DAYS 
“insurance for daily living” is one such product  
that many post office customers need.

Historically, Japanese consumers have trusted postal 
outlets in Japan with many important services, including 
traditional postal products and delivery as well as deposit 
and insurance products. In 2008, a small portion of postal 
outlets began offering cancer insurance products of Aflac 
and now the number of outlets offering them expanded 
to more than 20,000. Aflac Japan is the only provider 
of cancer insurance distributed through this extensive 
network of post offices across Japan. With Gifu Castle 
atop Mt. Kinka in the background, Mr. Motohiko Tsuchiya 
(center), postmaster of Gifu Kita Post Office, is pictured 
with several employees involved in the many activities of 
the post office, including insurance sales. 

12  

Aflac Japan: We Are Aflac! 

“VISION 2024” is Aflac Japan’s mid- to long-term strategy that guides Aflac Japan’s operations 

toward its 50th anniversary, under the leadership of Masatoshi Koide, who was promoted  

to president and chief operating officer of Aflac Japan in 2017. VISION 2024 is based on Aflac 

Japan’s core capabilities, values and principles. These include our commitment to be there 

for policyholders in their time of need, our founding principle to relieve the economic burden 

of cancer and brand promise to support policyholders in “creating living in your own way.”  

As part of VISION 2024, the concept of Aflac 
insurance is just as relevant today as it was 
in 1974 when Aflac Japan was founded and 
became the pioneer of cancer insurance in 
Japan. At that time, cancer was the second-
leading cause of death in Japan and would 
become the number one cause of death in 
1981. Our cancer insurance product addressed 
a significant need in Japan. By offering a 
product that helped Japanese citizens cope 
with the expenses that arise when battling 
cancer, Aflac Japan has been there to help 
provide Japanese citizens with options to 
protect their finances when a health event  
or life situation presents challenges. 

Since its founding, Aflac Japan has navigated 
various challenges for more than 40 years, 
which more recently have included a declining 
birthrate and aging population, low-interest-rate 
environment  and increased competition in the 
marketplace. Such conditions have put the 
national health care system under increasing 
financial strain, and consumers have faced 
higher out-of-pocket health care expenses. 
We believe this provides a natural catalyst for 
future growth. Through it all, one aspect of 
our business has remained unwavering: our 
commitment to keep the promises we make  
to our policyholders.  

2017 AFLAC JAPAN FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

IN YEN

 
•  Direct premium** decreased 2.7% to ¥1.5 trillion.
•  Total revenues decreased 2.5% to ¥1.69 trillion.
•  Pretax segment operating earnings increased 0.6%  

to ¥343.6 billion.

IN DOLLARS* 

 
•  Direct premium** decreased 5.9% to $13.3 billion.
•  Total revenues decreased 5.8% to $15.0 billion.
•  Pretax segment operating earnings decreased 3.0%  

to $3.1 billion.

      *Dollar amount reflects impact of foreign currency. 
    **Direct premium represents amount excluding reinsurance.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  13

AFLAC JAPAN INSURANCE PRODUCTS

THIRD SECTOR INSURANCE

FIRST SECTOR INSURANCE

•  Cancer
•  Medical
•  Income Support  

CANCER INSURANCE
In 1974, Aflac pioneered the cancer product in 
Japan, and we remain the number one provider  
of cancer insurance today.

MEDICAL INSURANCE
In early 2002, we first introduced EVER, a stand-
alone, whole-life medical product, as a solution 
to help Japanese citizens with rising copayments 
related to Japan’s universal health care coverage. 
Within one year of the introduction of EVER, 
Aflac became the leading seller of medical 
insurance in Japan.

INCOME SUPPORT INSURANCE
In July 2016, we launched a new third sector 
product, Income Support Insurance, designed to 
provide cash benefits when insureds are unable 
to work due to illness or injury. These benefits 
complement coverage within the social security 
system, including the disability pension provided  
by the Japanese government.

Life insurance products, including:

Protection type

Savings type

•  Term life
•  Whole life
•  GIFT

•  WAYS 
•  Child Endowment

TERM LIFE AND WHOLE LIFE
Aflac first introduced term-life and whole-life 
insurance products in 1996. These products  
have smaller face amounts and provide death 
benefits. They are available as stand-alone 
policies and riders.

WAYS 
In 2006, WAYS was introduced. WAYS can be 
converted to a fixed annuity, medical coverage 
or nursing care benefits when the policyholder 
reaches a predetermined age.

CHILD ENDOWMENT
In 2009, Aflac introduced a child endowment 
product that pays a lump-sum benefit at the 
time of a child’s entry into high school and an 
educational annuity for each of the four years  
of college.

GIFT
In February 2017, we introduced a revised version. 
Upon the death of the insured, this product 
provides beneficiaries, typically family members, 
with a monthly benefit until the insured would 
have reached a predetermined age.

14 

We are Aflac – a compassionate company 
that cares about the communities in which 
we operate. When a child is diagnosed with 
cancer or other serious medical condition, he 
or she often must travel to Tokyo or Osaka from 

other parts of Japan to receive ongoing treatment 
in their arduous journey back to health. Aflac Japan 
established the first Aflac Parents House in 2001 as a 
home-away-from-home where pediatric patients and 
their families can live together temporarily in cheerful, 
spacious accommodations while they support their 
child’s fight of a lifetime: battling cancer or numerous 
other serious diseases. Through generous donations 
from Aflac Japan’s sales agents, employees, and officers, 
three Parents House locations – two in Tokyo and one 
in Osaka – have helped a sum total of more than 130,000 
people, including children battling serious diseases as 
well as the families that support them.

As part of the new employee orientation process, 
workers just joining Aflac visit one of the two Aflac 
Parents House locations in Tokyo. Hitoshi Akita, 
house manager at the Aflac Parents House, is 
pictured as he leads Aflac’s new class of employees 
through a tour and seminar about the Aflac 
Parents House. This allows new Aflac employees 
to learn about how they work for a company that is 
passionately involved in fighting pediatric cancer, 
which helps give them a sense of Aflac Japan’s 
compassionate culture of helping others. Having 
seen many families stay during a child’s treatment, 
Akita-san said, “One of the most important things 
we can do for the families of the children battling 
serious diseases is to keep life as normal as possible 
during a difficult and anxiety-ridden time that is 
anything but normal.”

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  15

Several times each year, 
Aflac Japan employees 
organize gaito bokin, or 
street fundraising. Pictured, 
Aflac Japan employees 
gather to raise money for 
scholarships that go to child 
cancer survivors, children 
who have lost a parent to 
cancer, and to activities that 
highlight the importance of 
cancer screenings. 

Aflac’s adaptability and resilience over time have been signif-
icant factors in expanding our business through a diversified 
distribution network to reach people with products they need. 
Each initiative we undertake is designed to fulfill our promise 
of being there for our policyholders, with a focus on paying 
claims accurately and promptly. We also have successfully 
leveraged our brand and fine-tuned our knowledge and 
experience in the market to become an innovator. 

We are driven each day to remain dedicated stewards of the 
trust that our Japanese policyholders have placed in us over 
these last four decades. It is the trust we’ve established that 
has been a driver for Aflac to grow into the leading provider 
of medical and cancer insurance in Japan today, where 
we are proud to provide insurance protection to one in four 
households. In recent years, Aflac Japan’s annual sales 
objective has focused on third sector products, including 
cancer and medical insurance. 

16 16

AFLAC JAPAN DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS

TRADITIONAL   
SALES CHANNEL*

•  Aflac Japan was represented by approximately 11,000 sales agencies at the end of 2017, equating to more than 

109,000 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies, including individual agencies.

S
E
C
N
A
I
L
L
A
C

 

I

G
E
T
A
R
T
S

DAI-ICHI LIFE

BANKS

•  Our alliance with Dai-ichi Life was launched in 2001, and nearly 40,000 Dai-ichi Life representatives offer Aflac’s 

cancer products.

•  Aflac Japan was represented by 374 banks at the end of 2017, or approximately 90% of the total number of banks 

in Japan.

JAPAN POST 
GROUP

DAIDO LIFE

• 

• 

In 2017, the number of post offices selling Aflac’s cancer product totaled more than 20,000. Kampo (Japan Post 
Insurance Co., Ltd.) offers Aflac cancer products through its 76 branches.

In September 2013, Aflac Japan and Daido Life Insurance entered into an agreement for Daido to sell Aflac’s cancer 
insurance products specifically to the Hojinkai market, which is an association of small businesses.

* Includes independent agencies, independent corporate agencies and affiliated corporate agencies

These policies are more profitable and less interest rate sensitive than life insurance or 
savings-type products such as WAYS or child endowment. This is especially important  
given the ongoing low-interest-rate environment in Japan.

We also expanded our portfolio of third sector offerings in 2016 to include our innovative 
Income Support Insurance, designed for those unable to work due to illness or injury.  
It works by paying a fixed amount of monthly benefits to help cover lost income when  
the insured experiences a covered disability for the length of time an insured experiences  
this disability. 

DISTRIBUTION THAT REACHES JAPANESE CONSUMERS
We know how important it is to have a presence where people want to make insurance-buying 
decisions. To support this goal to be where people want to buy, we believe Aflac’s multifaceted 
distribution platform remains one of the strongest in Japan. While Aflac insurance policies 
already protect one in four Japanese households, we believe there are opportunities to reach 
even more consumers through our product innovation and leveraging our broad distribution. 
Our traditional channels, which include individual agencies, independent corporate agencies 
and affiliated corporate agencies, remain key to our success, representing a significant portion 
of our sales in 2017. One of our strategic partnerships unites Japan Post Group – the largest 
nationwide distribution network in Japan – with Aflac Japan, the industry leader in cancer 
insurance. Aflac Japan is the only provider of cancer insurance distributed through post offices 
nationwide in Japan, and our cancer insurance is offered through more than 20,000 postal 
outlets. Additionally, Japan Post Insurance Co., Ltd. (Kampo), the subsidiary of Japan Post 
Holdings Co., Ltd. that sells life insurance, distributes Aflac Japan’s cancer insurance products 
at Kampo’s 76 sales offices. Aflac Japan and Japan Post Group will continue to provide training 
and support that not only ensure the success of our alliance, but more importantly, the best 
experience for customers throughout Japan.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  17

Opportunities to Continue Offering Valued Products that Respond to Consumers’ Needs

Japanese citizens are covered by a national 
health care insurance system that provides 
a standardized level of medical insurance. 
Amid decades of an aging population 
and declining birthrate, consumers have 
experienced the financial strain of growing 
health care costs. This means that over 
the years, Japanese citizens have had to 
assume more financial responsibility for 
their medical care, including out-of-pocket 
health care expenses. To help cover these 
costs, most Japanese consumers turn to 
private insurance. Aflac’s trusted brand and 
valued products provide solutions to help. 
The foundation of our product portfolio 
has been, and continues to be, third sector 
Aflac products such as cancer and medical 
insurance (see chart on page 14. Over the 
last four decades, we’ve customized our 
products to take into account the evolving 
needs of Japanese consumers as well 
as advances in medical treatments and 
modifications to Japan’s national health 
care system. While we also offer several 
life products that are part of Japan’s first 
sector insurance category, our focus 
remains on selling third sector products 
that are less interest rate sensitive. 

18  

Founded in 1925, Kita Osaka Shinkin Bank 
focuses on building relationships with customers 
by providing friendly, effective service to their 
customers. As part of the insurance sales process, 
the bank’s life value advisors listen intently to 
customer needs to ensure themselves to offer 
relevant services and products among the 
portfolio of products the bank offers, including 
Aflac policies, that are specifically geared to 
each person. Typically, customer consultations 
take place at branches of the bank; sometimes a 
customer’s home becomes a place for consultation, 
where life value advisors from Kita Osaka Shinkin 
Bank visit via bicycle. 

From left to right, Kita Osaka Shinkin 
Bank life value advisors Manami 
Hasegawa, Minami Yasumatsu, 
Maiko Hirai, Asuka Shibano take a 
moment from their busy day to visit 
with Kitashin-kun, the bank’s cheerful 
mascot. A fast friend of the Aflac Duck, 
Kitashin-kun was created as part of the 
90th anniversary project of the bank. 
His horns, ears and hands are meant to 
look like the Chinese character “kita,” 
which means “north.” “Shin” refers to the 
shinkin bank, and “kun” is a more casual 
polite reference to a male. 

We will continue to build and grow sales of our 
first sector protection-type products and have 
been aggressive in pulling savings-type first sector 
products from select channels.

To ensure we remain in step with Japanese 
consumers and our distribution channels, Aflac 
Japan continually enhances its portfolio of products. 
Aflac Japan has a history of developing and revising 
innovative products to help relieve financial burdens 
related to changes in the national health care 
coverage and remaining in step with consumer 
wants and needs. To accomplish this while also 
delivering sustainable growth, we will continue to 
introduce new and updated products to the third 
sector insurance market.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  19

For example, in February 2017, Aflac Japan revised 
its EVER medical insurance product in response to 
customer needs. Under the revised EVER insurance 
product, policyholders receive a one-time payment 
for hospitalization in addition to per-day payments. 
The new EVER strengthens outpatient coverage and 
also includes a rider for surgical procedures specific 
to women. 

In July 2016, we launched a new third sector product, 
Income Support Insurance, which is designed to 
provide cash benefits to policyholders who are 
unable to work due to illness or injury. These benefits 
complement coverage within the social security 
system, including the disability pension provided by 
the Japanese government, and can be used to cover 
income loss and other financial challenges. 

Hiromi Hatta (right), who runs an Aflac 
individual sales agency, has been selling Aflac 
policies for more than 20 years in Kagoshima, a 
seaside city on Japan’s Kyushu Island. To reach 
customers and potential policyholders, Hatta-san 
frequently visits the remote islands off the coast 
by ferry. The consistent and frequent trips by 
boat, which are as long as one-and-a-half hours 
by boat, have helped build trust with the island 
residents, who know she cares about them and is 
looking out for their best interests. In April 2017, 
her son, Suguru Tokiyoshi (left), who had worked 
as an English teacher in a neighboring prefecture, 
moved to Kagoshima and joined Hatta-san’s sales 
agency, and he is eagerly learning the business. 
His wife, who had been diagnosed with breast 
cancer, wanted to live closer to family. Through 
his experience with his wife’s battle, he quickly 
understood the harrowing reality of what it takes 
to fight cancer, which has made him an even 
more empathetic Aflac sales agent.

20 

This established a new category in the third 
sector market, which we believe has the 
potential to increasingly contribute to third 
sector sales over the longer term. As we 
look to 2018, we will continue to develop and 
drive product refinements in keeping with our 
customers’ evolving needs. 

We revised our first sector protection-type 
product, “GIFT”, in February 2017. Upon the 
death of the insured, this product provides 
beneficiaries, typically family members, with a 
monthly benefit until the insured would have 
reached a predetermined age.

Kagoshima is well-known for Sakurajima, 
the active volcano that faces Kinko Bay.  
As a single mother of three grown children, 
Hatta-san was struggling in 1997 to find 
a job that would allow her to earn money 
while maintaining the flexibility needed to 
raise three children. Before joining Aflac, 
she’d spent two years as chauffer, but the 
hours required that she work late into 
the night, leaving her little time to spend 
with her kids. Upon learning about the 
opportunity to sell Aflac insurance while 
also helping people, she jumped at the 
opportunity and hasn’t looked back since. 
She said that Aflac’s excellent reputation 
and powerful brand helped propel her 
success, and she enjoys the satisfaction 
of being a part of a company that helps 
people when they need it most.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  21

WE ARE AFLAC: BUILDING A BRAND –  
AND A STRONG REPUTATION
Aflac has established a strong, trusted brand in 
Japan, and we continually seek opportunities to 
leverage our highly regarded reputation through 
innovative and unique advertising to drive sales. In 
2003, Aflac Japan began using the Aflac Duck, and 
its popularity continues to connect with consumers 
today. On an ongoing basis, Aflac Japan has 
seized opportunities to create separate and unique 
offshoot characters related to the Aflac Duck to 
market specific products and help drive sales. By 
leveraging the popularity of the Aflac Duck through 
different characters over the years, about nine out 
of ten people now recognize the Aflac brand. We 
will continue to connect with consumers through 
innovative marketing campaigns for our product 
line as new opportunities arise.

TECHNOLOGY AND DIGITAL INVESTMENTS DRIVE 
PRODUCTIVITY, SERVICE AND VALUE
Delivering on our promise to serve our customers 
accurately and promptly, especially related to the 
payment of claims, is our highest priority. Our long-term 
dedication in this regard, which is the cornerstone of our 
business, has further enhanced the relationship of trust 
we’ve built with our customers over the decades. We 
continually strive to improve our administrative efficiency 
and enhance the customer experience using innovation 
and technology. In 2017, we expanded the digital 
service capabilities of our website and mobile device 
applications; implemented voice recognition in our call 
centers; and utilized artificial intelligence enhanced 
optical character recognition (AIOCR) in our operations. 
The efficiencies we’ve gained have not only continued to 
drive strong margins and profitability, but also enhanced 
the value and experience we provide customers daily.

AFLAC JAPAN – KEY SALES METRICS

   TOTAL POLICIES 

   AND RIDERS 
   IN FORCE*

39,717

39,059

38,115

37,028

36,117

34,880

33,372

31,665

29,934

29,020

ANNUALIZED 
PREMIUMS 
  IN FORCE**

¥1,552,170

1,606,110

1,617,691

1,594,433

1,567,112

1,492,451

1,343,663

1,255,600

1,200,437

1,161,662

NEW 

ANNUALIZED 
   PREMIUMS**

¥94,851

113,721

120,855

114,513

149,308

210,620

161,033

135,813

122,345

114,692

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

*  In thousands
** In millions 

22 

LOOKING AHEAD
As we assess our past accomplishments and design our plans for the future, we believe 
Aflac products will continue to provide valuable insurance options for Japanese consumers. 
The competitive strengths that have made Aflac the leading provider of medical and cancer 
insurance are as relevant as they’ve ever been, and we have a framework in place that 
incorporates inclusiveness and transparency into everything we do.

This is accomplished by bringing new and varied perspectives to the table. Over the last 
several years, the introduction of an initiative in Japan known as “Womenomics” by Prime 
Minister Shinzo Abe highlights what Aflac has done for decades – celebrating and promoting 
women in the workforce. Aflac Japan’s Women’s Leadership Program began in 2014 and 
has successfully helped raise the percentage of women in leadership positions from 17.5% 
in 2014, to 26.2% as of July 2017. Our goal is to have women occupy 30% of Aflac Japan’s 
leadership positions by 2020. Aflac Japan was the first life insurer to be awarded the highest 
grade of “Eruboshi,” which is the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s certification for a 
company’s promotional efforts for women’s advancement in the workplace.

We have also made great progress in advancing our plan to convert Aflac Japan, which 
has operated as a branch since its founding in 1974, to a subsidiary, on time and on budget 
without disrupting our day-to-day operations. We anticipate that this could be completed as 
early as April 2, 2018, which is the first business day of Japan’s fiscal year. We are pleased 
with this new regulatory structure that both aligns Aflac with global regulatory standards  
and lays a foundation for continued long-term success in Japan.

We believe our innovative product development strategies and enhancements to current 
product offerings will benefit customers now and in the future, supporting our commitment 
to deliver on our promises just as we have for more than four decades. 

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  23

24  

Aflac U.S.

20

17The Aflac Duck wears his heart on his chest, demonstrating Aflac’s legacy of being a compassionate 

company. Here, he takes a ride down Sixth Avenue in the 2017 Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in  
New York City. Aflac is proud to be the leading provider of voluntary insurance at the worksite in the 
United States, where approximately 97% of our products are sold on a payroll deduction basis.*

*Source: Eastbridge Consulting Group, Inc. U.S. Worksite/Voluntary Sales Report.
Carrier Results for 2016. Avon, CT: April 2017.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  25

Aflac U.S.: We Are Aflac!

In 2017, the marketplace continued to experience shifts in demographics, including 

an  increasing  prevalence  of  the  next  generation  consumer  in  the  workforce.  

As the number of baby boomers in the workforce declines, the presence of both 

millennials and Generation Z within the workforce is growing. 

As such, while we continue to execute our  
strategies for expanding and improving 
our distribution system, creating innovative 
products and owning our customer 
experience, the over-arching goal of Aflac U.S. 
is to be where consumers – all consumers 
– want to make their insurance-purchasing 
decisions, when they want to make them…  
at the traditional worksite and beyond.

Through this lens, we have expanded our 
longtime goal of being the number one 
distributor at the U.S. worksite, refocusing 
our strategic efforts to position Aflac as the 
number one distributor of benefits solutions 
supporting the U.S. workforce.

In 2017, new annualized premium sales for 
Aflac U.S. were $1.6 billion, representing  
an increase of 4.7% over sales in 2016. 

2017 AFLAC U.S. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

•  Direct premium* increased 2.0% to $5.6 billion.
     *Direct premium represents amount excluding reinsurance.

•  Total revenues increased 2.0% to $6.3 billion.
•  Pretax segment operating earnings increased 3.1%  

to $1.2 billion.

26 

Mitchell Andrews, partner, The Plexus Groupe LLC, brings two decades of leadership experience and expertise in 
the insurance industry to Aflac’s partnership with Plexus. For more than 20 years, Plexus has worked with its clients 
to implement consumer-driven medical plans, partnering with Aflac to help fill the financial gaps not covered 
by most major medical plans. Aflac helps to fill in those gaps by providing an extra layer of protection against 
income and asset loss, allowing employees to receive immediate benefits to pay their bills. Aflac’s career agents 
have partnered with Plexus to meet one-on-one with tens of thousands of employees across the country in an effort 
to simplify the otherwise complicated world of insurance so employees can make good decisions for themselves 
and their families. “Aflac provides our clients with the assurance that they will be treated with respect and prompt 
payment, which is how longstanding relationships are built.” – Mitchell Andrews, The Plexus Groupe LLC.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  27

•  Cancer 
•  Accident  
•  Short-Term Disability

AFLAC U.S. PRODUCTS

•  Critical Illness 
•  Hospital Indemnity
•  Dental

•  Vision
•  Life (Term, Whole, 

Universal)

INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS PROVIDE FINANCIAL PROTECTION 
Aflac’s insurance policies pay cash benefits directly to the policyholder, now 
faster than ever with our industry-leading One Day PaySM initiative. These 
benefits can be used to help policyholders cope with unexpected out-of-
pocket medical expenses such as medication, copays and household 
expenses. They also help to provide a layer of protection against income and 
asset loss associated with an illness or medical event. Our broad portfolio 
of both individual and group voluntary products is designed to provide our 
policyholders with outstanding value and enable businesses of all sizes to 
offer their employees an affordable and comprehensive array of voluntary 
benefits solutions. In 2017, Aflac continued to partner with reinsurers to expand 
its group product offerings with the launch of a new Term Life and Whole 
Life product to further enhance our group life insurance portfolio. Along with 
the introduction of Aflac’s Universal Life offering that took place in 2016, the 
addition of these customizable, innovative life insurance options allowed Aflac 
to offer a more robust suite of product solutions than ever before. Aflac also 
released a new group accident product, completing the re-development of 
the company’s core lines of group business that began in 2015. Finally, Aflac 
enhanced its benefits offerings through the launch of our BenExtend product. 
As the first release in an evolving life stages coverage line, BenExtend is a 
group insurance product that combines accident, hospital indemnity and 
critical illness benefits into one simple plan design, delivering an innovative 
alternative to the marketplace for employers seeking more creative solutions to 
manage health care costs while also trying to help employees manage out-of-
pocket expenses. A new hospital indemnity product was launched in January 
2017, which provided consumers more choice and flexibility in selecting benefit 
options to meet their individual insurance needs. We are also excited to offer 
an array of value added services to include fraud and identity theft protection, 
telemedicine, accidental death and dismemberment, health advocacy, financial 
and legal fitness and personal wellness programs. 

28 

In 1960, Marta Sastre fled Cuba for the United States with her parents and siblings. Years later, in December 1977, Marta’s 
father, Luis Sastre, an entrepreneur and businessman, became an independent Aflac sales agent. In March 1978, he 
introduced Marta to Aflac as a company that shared the same family values they believed in. At a time when few women 
were insurance agents, Aflac provided Marta with the opportunity to break through the “glass ceiling” as she led the way 
and set the standard of excellence for the south Florida market. She is now a regional sales coordinator (RSC) for Aflac. 
Many of Marta’s children, and now even her grandchildren, have joined the “Aflac Nation,” becoming the fourth generation 
of Aflac independent sales agents in her family. On top of that, many family members and friends have joined Aflac and 
experienced great success as well. About her four decades representing Aflac, Marta says, “I consider myself blessed for 
having had the privilege to represent this company and the opportunity to live the American Dream.”

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  29

AFLAC U.S. – KEY OPERATIONAL METRICS

POLICIES AND 
CERTIFICATES 

IN FORCE*
12,971
12,692
12,498
12,407
12,310
12,232
11,732
11,436
11,688
11,437

ANNUALIZED 
PREMIUMS 
IN FORCE**
$6,052
5,896
5,760
5,668
5,570
5,451
5,188
4,973
4,956
4,789

TOTAL NEW 
ANNUALIZED 
PREMIUM**
$1,552
1,482
1,487
1,433
1,424
1,488
1,476
1,382
1,453
1,551

EXPANDING AND DEVELOPING OUR DISTRIBUTION 
As the dynamics of the workforce shift and evolve, we believe the need  
for Aflac’s products will continue to grow. To that end, we actively search 
for additional opportunities to leverage our strong brand and support 
product growth in this ever-evolving landscape. In expanding our distri-
bution and reach, we continue to navigate various avenues to increase 
sales through our traditional field force of independent agents. Additionally, 
we continue to establish and nurture relationships with our broker sales 
team on local, regional and broader national levels to improve our access 
to businesses employing more than 100 workers. We are focusing our 
efforts on maintaining a streamlined and multifaceted approach that 
positions us to meet consumers when, where and how they prefer to be 
reached to purchase Aflac’s products. We continually refine our approach 
to support sales efforts and accommodate customers’ specific voluntary 
insurance needs with about 8,800 average weekly producers. Looking 
ahead, we continue to see promising opportunities for expanded distri-
bution and sales through our fully aligned distribution team of independent 
agents and brokerage sales professionals, and believe that Aflac will 
further enhance the value we deliver to our policyholders and shareholders  
as we reach more consumers. 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008

* In thousands
** In millions

30 

OWNING OUR CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE  
BY LEVERAGING THE AFLAC BRAND 
Through leveraging the popularity of the Aflac Duck, nine out of ten 
Americans recognize the Aflac brand. Over the last two decades, 
Aflac has aired more than 90 commercials that have placed our 
rambunctious feathered friend in one comical situation after another. 
Since the beloved Aflac Duck made his debut, he’s been the star 
of one of the most successful advertising campaigns ever. These 
days, he’s also the Spokesduck for the Aflac Cancer and Blood 
Disorders Center of Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta, shining 
the spotlight on this most worthwhile cause. The Aflac Duck 
was very busy in 2017, making high-profile appearances at the 
GRAMMYs, the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade and the Super 
Bowl, to name a few. The Aflac Duck is working very hard not only 
to emphasize our commitment to fighting pediatric cancer, but also 
to illustrate the exceptional value and protection that Aflac’s policies 
provide, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to putting cash in 
the hands of our policyholders when they need it most.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  31

Illustrating Aflac’s commitment to paying claims  
faster than ever, in 2017 we paid 2.1 million claims 
through One Day PaySM, our industry-leading 
initiative that allows us to process, approve and pay 
eligible claims in just one day. We estimate that nearly 
80% of our policyholders can use One Day PaySM for 
their claims, and in 2017, we once again maintained 
our One Day PaySM commitment for claims that met 
the One Day PaySM criteria. 

TECHNOLOGY DRIVES OPPORTUNITIES  
FOR IMPROVEMENTS AND EFFICIENCY
Once again, our disciplined risk management and 
emphasis on improving operating efficiency helped 
us drive strong profitability in 2017. We continued to 
make broad-based investments in our U.S. platform, 
which has seen tremendous growth. Our platform 
investments are paying dividends in the form of 
improved persistency and high customer satisfaction 
levels. We’ve also increased our agents’ adoption 
of our EverwellSM enrollment platform, which is now 
being used by more than 162,000 businesses  
across the country.

MY SPECIAL AFLAC DUCK
Early this year, Aflac introduced My 
Special Aflac Duck, just one element of 
our 22-year, $120 million philanthropic 
commitment to children fighting cancer. 
My Special Aflac DuckTM is a smart 
comforting companion that helps children 
feel less alone by using interactive 
technology during their cancer treatment. 
A compatible web-based app enables 
children to mirror their care routines, 
including medical play, feeding and 
bathing. In addition to this interactive, 
supportive tool, Aflac is dedicated to 
funding childhood cancer research and 
treatment. Through the Aflac Childhood 
Cancer Campaign, Aflac Cancer Center 
and #Duckprints, our team aims to give 
support, hope, time and resources to 
children who face cancer.

32  

Left to right: Nevaeh Williams, 
age 9; Douglas Graham, M.D., 
Ph.D., Director & Daniel P. Amos 
Children’s Chair of the Aflac 
Cancer and Blood Disorders 
Center; Jesse Sampley, age 10; 
and Kayla Parker, age 8.

AFLAC CANCER AND BLOOD DISORDERS CENTER 
Since its doors first opened in 1995, the Aflac Cancer and Blood Disorders Center of Children’s 
Healthcare of Atlanta has become nationally renowned as one of the leading childhood cancer, 
hematology, and blood and marrow transplant programs in the United States. With innovative 
research programs and cutting-edge treatment options, the five-year survival rate for childhood 
cancer has improved dramatically, from 20% in 1965 to greater than 80% today. This worthwhile 
cause is very near and dear to the heart of the Aflac family, including the Aflac Foundation, our 
executives, employees and the field force, whose generous contributions help to provide a steady 
flow of funding for research. In total, Aflac’s contributions to the Aflac Cancer Center exceeded 
the $120 million mark in 2017. This generosity has greatly contributed to the Aflac Cancer Center’s 
success and distinction in research, which has earned the Aflac Cancer Center recognition as one 
of the top pediatric cancer programs in the United States by U.S. News and World Report. 

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  33

Aflac’s call center in Omaha, Nebraska celebrated the 15th anniversary of 
is establishment in October 2017. Sue Leeson, administrative assistant, has 
worked at Aflac’s Omaha call center location since the day it opened its doors. 
Having been involved from day one, Sue has seen the number of Aflac’s 
Omaha employees grow from 20 to more than 100. Sue exemplifies the Aflac 
Way by going above and beyond to provide support in the operations of the 
Omaha call center, helping Aflac deliver on its promise to be there for its 
policyholders when they need it most. Sue also knows firsthand the value of 
Aflac’s insurance policies, having battled cancer herself seven years ago. Sue 
says, “I know if I hadn’t worked for Aflac this journey would have been harder 
on me and my family. It will always be close to my heart that my Aflac family 
was there supporting me all the way.”

34  

LOOKING TO THE FUTURE 
We believe the strengths that have positioned Aflac as the leading provider  
of voluntary insurance products at the worksite are firmly established and will 
help us expand our footprint beyond the traditional worksite to position Aflac 
as the leading provider of voluntary insurance in the workforce as a whole. As 
businesses and consumers continue to seek valuable, practical and affordable 
solutions to the challenging health care market the United States faces, we 
believe the desire for the type of valuable and affordable benefits solutions Aflac 
provides will only increase. Though many things have changed over the course of 
our six plus decades, Aflac’s commitment – to be there for our policyholders and 
deliver on our promise to them when they need us most – remains unwavering.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  35

Empowered employees and guests and Aflac executive and senior 
management attend the ribbon cutting for Empowered, the newly 
rebranded and expanded digital innovation center in Charlotte.
From left to right, Nadeem Khan, president of Aflac Corporate Ventures 
and Fred Crawford, executive vice president and chief financial officer  
of Aflac Incorporated.

AFLAC CORPORATE VENTURES
As part of our ongoing initiatives to 
drive operational efficiencies and 
technological advancement, Aflac is 
pursuing investment opportunities 
by targeting early-stage companies 
that have a mission that’s relevant 
to Aflac’s core business. Designed 
to help Aflac enhance its strategic 
and innovative focus in both the 
U.S. and Japan, Aflac Corporate 
Ventures partners with technology 
accelerators to create the agility 
required to quickly identify and invest 
in early-stage companies, helping 
them accelerate innovation across 
the insurance value chain, including 
digital solutions that enhance the 
customer experience. 

One such example 
is Empowered. Aflac 
purchased Empowered 
Benefits in 2015, and in 2017 
expanded and renovated its 
headquarters in Charlotte, 
NC. Empowered Benefits 
was also rebranded as 
“Empowered” to highlight the 
wide range of services the 
company provides to clients 
in this increasingly digital 
environment. As benefits 
enrollment and adminis-
tration become more and 
more complex, Empowered 
provides a streamlined 
cloud-based benefits 
administration solution and 
cutting-edge enrollment 
software, including 
Aflac’s Everwell platform. 
Empowered’s volume of 
business has more than 
tripled since Aflac purchased 
the company in 2015. 

Additionally, Aflac Japan 
is continually exploring 
new business opportu-
nities. In the context of 
rapidly changing social 
and individual needs, we 
plan to leverage Aflac’s 
market-leading position 
and extensive experience 
to identify new third sector 
fields and explore new 
business opportunities 
consistent with Aflac’s core 
capabilities and values. 
For example, in 2017 
Aflac invested in dynamic 
companies including 
Medical Note, a provider 
of online and tele-medical 
advice services, and MRSO, 
which provides online 
health checkup reservation 
services.

36 

Members of the  
Aflac Global Investments 
management team:  
Teresa McTague,  
Eric Kirsch, Chip Stevens; 
second row: John Shalhoub, 
Barbara Friedman, and  
John Linnehan. Brad Dyslin 
is pictured in bottom left 
photo, second from right.

performs well through 
market cycles.

We are also pleased to 
announce that effective 
January 1, 2018, Aflac 
Global Investments in 
New York and Japan 
were converted into Asset 
Management Subsidiaries, 
further demonstrating our 
commitment to a world 
class investment team 
and the continual pursuit 
of excellent investment 
performance.

AFLAC GLOBAL INVESTMENTS
The Global Investments team now 
has more than 100 investment 
and support professionals in New 
York and Tokyo who work to find 
investment opportunities around 
the globe to ensure diversity and 
safety of the general account. The 
investment strategy for Aflac’s $120 
billion portfolio is carefully designed 
around our liabilities and protecting 
the promise we make to our 
policyholders. 

Our portfolio is highly 
diversified by asset class, 
sector and region, with strict 
risk limits in place to ensure 
it is managed to achieve a 
high overall asset quality 
while earning a competitive 
rate of income. Aflac’s risk 
management discipline 
ensures we navigate 
through the volatility 
of investment markets, 
including risks related to 
interest rates, credit quality 
and foreign exchange to 
help ensure our portfolio 

Aflac Global Investments  
celebrated the five-year anniversary 
of its establishment in 2017.

Members of management attend ribbon-cutting ceremonies for  
Aflac Global Investments’ new office spaces in New York and Tokyo.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  37

2015 

 2014 

 
 
 

  Net premiums, principally supplemental health insurance 
  Net investment income 
  Realized investment gains (losses)2 
  Other income 
   

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
For the Year (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts)  
Revenues:
 
 
 
 
Total revenues 
 
Benefits and expenses:
 
 
 
 
Income taxes 
 
Share and Per-Share Amounts
Net earnings (basic) 
Net earnings (diluted) 

  Benefits and claims, net 
  Expenses 
   
   

Total benefits and expenses 
Pretax earnings 

Net earnings 

   

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

2017  

$  18,531  
3,220 
 
(151) 
 
67 
 
 
21,667 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

12,181 
5,468 
17,649 
4,018 
(586) 
4,604  

11.63  
11.54 

2016 

$  19,225 
3,278 
 
(14) 
 
70 
 
 
22,559 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

12,919 
5,573 
18,492 
4,067 
1,408 
2,659 

6.46 
6.42 

$  17,570 
 
3,135 
106 
 
 
61 
20,872 
 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

11,746 
5,264 
17,010 
3,862 
1,329 
2,533 

5.88 
5.85 

  433,172 

(0.33) 
0.12 
0.53 

(0.11) 
 
– 
 
1.58 
$ 
41.73 
 
  430,654 

$ 
 
 

$ 
 
 

$ 
 
 

Total assets 

  413,921 

(0.13) 
(0.08) 
0.33 

(0.04) 
 
– 
 
1.66 
$ 
50.47 
 
  411,471 

  Investments and cash 
  Other5   
   

0.02  
(0.02) 
0.17 
(0.06) 
 
(4.85)  
 
$ 
1.74  
63.00 
 
  396,021 
  398,930 

Securities transactions and impairments 
 
Certain derivative and foreign currency (gains) losses4,5   
 

  Realized investment (gains) losses:
   
   
  Other and non-recurring (income) loss1, 4 
  Income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded from  
   
operating earnings  
 Tax reform adjustment 

Items impacting net earnings:3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash dividends paid 
 
Shareholders’ equity 
Weighted-average common shares used to calculate basic EPS  
(In thousands)
Weighted-average common shares used to calculate diluted EPS 
(In thousands)
At Year-end
Assets:
 
 
 
Liabilities and shareholders’ equity:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Supplemental Data
Stock price range: 
 
 
Yen/dollar exchange rate at year-end (yen) 
Weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate (yen) 
 
Amounts in 2009 and prior years have not been adjusted for retrospective adoption of revised accounting guidance related to deferral of policy acquisition costs effective January 1, 2012.
1 Includes impact from ASC 815 for all years presented prior to 2011
2 Amounts in 2012 and prior have not been adjusted for the reclassification related to foreign currency gains (losses) from other income to realized investment gains (losses).
3 Amounts in 2011 and prior are shown net of tax.
4 Amounts in 2011 and prior have not been reclassified to reflect the change in methodology of calculating the hedge costs related to foreign currency investments. 
5 Adjusted for reclassification of amortized hedge costs for consistency with current period presentation. 
6 Amounts in 2010 and prior have not been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on January 1, 2016 related to debt issuance costs. 
38 

  Policy liabilities 
  Income taxes 
  Notes payable6 
  Other liabilities 
  Shareholders’ equity 
   

$  99,147  
4,745 
 
5,289 
 
3,438 
 
24,598 
 
$  137,217  

$  93,726 
 
5,387 
5,360 
 
4,864 
 
 
20,482 
$  129,819 

89.81  
$ 
66.50 
 
88.23 
 
¥  113.00  
112.16 
 

74.50 
$ 
 
54.57 
 
69.60 
¥  116.49 
 
108.70 

$  123,659  
13,558 
 
$  137,217  

$  116,361 
 
13,458 
$  129,819 

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 

High 
Low 
Close 
 

   
   

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

$  105,897 
 
12,359 
$  118,256 

$  87,631 
 
4,340 
 
4,971 
3,606 
 
 
17,708 
$  118,256 

$ 
66.53 
 
51.41 
 
59.90 
¥  120.61 
 
120.99 

$  19,072 
3,319 
 
282 
 
55 
 
22,728 
 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

12,937 
5,300 
18,237 
4,491 
1,540 
2,951 

6.54 
6.50 

(0.44) 
(0.16) 
– 

0.21 
 
– 
 
1.50 
$ 
41.47 
 
  451,204 

  454,000 

$  107,341 
12,386 
 
$  119,727 

$  83,933 
 
5,293 
5,242 
 
6,912 
 
18,347 
 
$  119,727 

66.69 
$ 
54.99 
 
61.09 
 
¥  120.55 
105.46 
 

2013 

2012 

2011 

2010 

2009 

2008 

2007

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries

$  20,135 
3,293 
 
426 
 
 
85 
23,939 
 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

13,813 
5,310 
19,123 
4,816 
1,658 
3,158 

6.80 
6.76 

(0.13) 
(0.81) 
– 

0.33 
 
– 
 
1.42 
$ 
31.82 
 
  464,502 

$  22,148 
 
3,473 
 
(349) 
92 
 
 
25,364 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

15,330 
5,732 
21,062 
4,302 
1,436 
2,866 

6.14 
6.11 

1.07 
(0.34) 
0.01 

(0.26) 
 
– 
 
1.34 
$ 
34.16 
 
  466,868 

$  20,362 
3,280 
 
(1,552) 
 
81 
 
 
22,171 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

13,749 
5,472 
19,221 
2,950 
1,013 
1,937 

4.15 
4.12 

1.81 
0.34 
– 

– 
 
– 
 
1.23 
$ 
27.76 
 
  466,519 

$  18,073 
3,007 
 
(422) 
 
74 
 
 
20,732 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

12,106 
5,065 
17,171 
3,561 
1,233 
2,328 

4.96 
4.92 

0.58 
– 
– 

– 
 
– 
 
1.14 
$ 
22.44 
 
  469,038 

$  16,621 
2,765 
 
(1,212) 
 
80 
 
 
18,254 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

11,308 
4,711 
16,019 
2,235 
738 
1,497 

3.21 
3.19 

1.67 
– 
 (0.01) 

– 
 
– 
 
1.12 
$ 
17.96 
 
  466,552 

$  14,947 
2,578 
 
(1,007) 
 
 
36 
16,554 
 

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

10,499 
4,141 
14,640 
1,914 
660 
1,254 

2.65 
2.62 

1.37 
– 
– 

– 
 
– 
 
.96 
$ 
14.23 
 
  473,405 

$  12,973
2,333
 
28
 
59
 
 
15,393

 
 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 

$ 
 
 

9,285
3,609
12,894
2,499
865
1,634

3.35
3.31

(0.04)
–
–

–
 
–
 
.80
$ 
18.08
 
  487,869

  467,408 

  469,287 

  469,370 

  473,085 

  469,063 

  478,815 

  493,971

$  108,459 
 
12,809 
$  121,268 

$  89,402 
 
3,718 
4,858 
 
 
8,670 
14,620 
 
$  121,268 

67.62 
$ 
48.17 
 
66.80 
 
¥  105.39 
 
97.54 

$  118,219 
 
12,838 
$  131,057 

$   97,720 
 
3,858 
4,315 
 
9,186 
 
 
15,978 
$  131,057 

$ 
 
 
¥ 
 

54.93 
38.14 
53.12 
86.58 
79.81 

$  103,462 
 
12,757 
$  116,219 

$  94,239 
 
2,308 
3,267 
 
3,459 
 
 
12,946 
$  116,219 

$ 
 
 
¥ 
 

59.54 
31.25 
43.26 
77.74 
79.75 

$  88,230 
 
12,013 
$  100,243 

$  82,310 
 
1,689 
3,038 
 
2,666 
 
 
10,540 
$  100,243 

$ 
 
 
¥ 
 

58.31 
39.91 
56.43 
81.49 
87.73 

$  73,192 
 
10,914 
$  84,106 

$  69,245 
 
1,653 
2,599 
 
2,192 
 
 
8,417 
$  84,106 

$ 
 
 
¥ 
 

47.75 
10.83 
46.25 
92.10 
93.49 

$  68,550 
 
10,781 
$  79,331 

$  66,219 
 
1,201 
1,721 
 
3,551 
 
 
6,639 
$  79,331 

$ 
 
 
¥ 
 

68.81 
29.68 
45.84 
91.03 
103.46 

$  57,056
 
8,749
$  65,805

$  50,676
 
2,531
1,465
 
2,338
 
 
8,795
$  65,805

$ 
63.91
 
45.18
 
62.63
¥  114.15
 
117.93

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  39

INVESTOR FACTS

AFLAC’S TOTAL RETURN  
TO SHAREHOLDERS
2017 marked the 35th consecutive 
year Aflac Incorporated increased  
its annual dividend. Including 
reinvested cash dividends, Aflac’s  
total shareholder return increased  
28.9% in 2017. This compares 
with a total shareholder return of 
16.4% for the S&P Life & Health 
Index, 21.8% for the S&P 500 and 
28.1% for the Dow Jones Industrial 
Average. 

For many years, we have managed 
our business with a long-term view 
in mind. As a result: 

  Over the last five years, Aflac’s 

total shareholder return, 
including reinvested dividends, 
was 86.3%. 

  Over the last 10 years, Aflac’s 

total shareholder return, 
including reinvested dividends, 
was 80.2%.

AFL SHAREHOLDER MIX*
Number of registered shareholders   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  85,056
Percentage of outstanding AFL shares owned by institutional investors  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   72%
Percentage of outstanding AFL shares owned by individual investors  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   28%
*Approximate as of 12/31/17

FIRST SHAREHOLDERS
Cost of 100 shares purchased in 1955 when Aflac was founded  . . . . . . . . .
Number of shares those 100 shares grew into 
(after 28 stock dividends and splits)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
  187,980 shares
Value at 12/31/17 (excluding reinvested dividends)   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  $16.5 million
  $327,085
Dividends paid in 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

  $1,110

AFLAC FINANCIAL STRENGTH*
Standard & Poor’s  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
  A+
Moody’s Investors Service    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .    Aa3
A.M. Best    .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   A+
Fitch  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   A+
Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
  AA-
*Ratings as of 3/1/18

Visit aflac.com and click on Investors to access:

  Your AFL shareholder account through aflinc® 
  Aflac’s financial information
  A calendar of events
  Dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) information

$1.74

1.66

1.58

1.50

1.42

1.34

Annual Cash 
Dividends Paid  
Per Share

Aflac has increased its 
annual dividend for 35 
consecutive years. Total 
cash dividends paid in 
2017 were 4.8% higher 
than in 2016.

1.23

1.12 1.14

.96

.80

  07  08  09  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17

40 

Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Return*

$250

200

150

100

Among Aflac 
Incorporated,  
the S&P 500 Index  
and the S&P Life & 
Health Insurance Index

Aﬂac Incorporated
S&P 500

S&P Life & Health Insurance
Aﬂac Incorporated
$250
S&P 500

0

50
 2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017

 100.00  74.52 

77.83 

97.20 

76.49 

96.65 

124.60  116.77 

117.37 

139.80  180.34

0

100.00  63.00 
 2012 
100.00  51.68 

79.67 

59.73 

91.67 
2013 
74.82 

93.61 

59.32 

108.59  143.76  163.44 
2014 

111.13  113.29 

2015 

67.98 

165.70 

185.52  226.03

106.14 

132.53  154.30

2016 

2017

 100.00 

128.91 

120.81 

121.44 

144.65 

186.59

*$100 invested on December 31, 2012, in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. 
Copyright © 2018 Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.

100.00 

150.51 

152.59 

132.39 

170.84 

208.14

S&P Life & Health Insurance

100.00 
Comparison of Ten-Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Return*

166.66 

156.14 

163.48 

194.96 

226.98

$250

200

150

100

50

200

150

100

50

$250

200

150

100

Among Aflac 
Incorporated,  
the S&P 500 Index  
and the S&P Life & 
Health Insurance Index

Aﬂac Incorporated
S&P 500

S&P Life & Health Insurance

0

50
 2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017

 100.00  74.52 

77.83 

97.20 

76.49 

96.65 

124.60  116.77 

117.37 

139.80  180.34

100.00  63.00 

 2007 
100.00  51.68 

0

79.67 

91.67 

93.61 

108.59  143.76  163.44 

165.70 

185.52  226.03

2008 
59.73 

2009 
74.82 

2010 
59.32 

2011 

67.98 

2012 
111.13  113.29 

2013 

2014 

106.14 

2015 

132.53  154.30

2016 

2017

*$100 invested on December 31, 2007, in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.  
Copyright © 2018 Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global, Inc. All rights reserved.

108.59  143.76  163.44 

185.52  226.03

100.00  63.00 

165.70 

91.67 

79.67 

93.61 

 100.00  74.52 

77.83 

97.20 

76.49 

96.65 

124.60  116.77 

117.37 

139.80  180.34

Aﬂac Incorporated
S&P 500

S&P Life & Health Insurance

100.00  51.68 

59.73 

74.82 

59.32 

67.98 

111.13  113.29 

106.14 

132.53  154.30

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  41

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Daniel P. Amos, 66, chairman and chief executive officer 
of Aflac and Aflac Incorporated, has been with the company 
full time since 1973. He was named president of Aflac in 
1983 and chief operating officer in 1987. He became chief 
executive officer of Aflac Incorporated in 1990 and was 
named chairman in 2001. He joined Aflac Incorporated’s 
board in 1983.
W. Paul Bowers, 61, is chairman, president and chief 
executive officer of Georgia Power. Previously, he was chief 
financial officer of Southern Company. He has held senior 
executive leadership positions across Southern Company as 
CEO of Southern Power, president of Generation and chairman, 
president and CEO of the company’s former United Kingdom 
subsidiary. He is currently on the board of the Nuclear Electric 
Insurance Limited (chairman) and serves as a regent for the 
University System of Georgia. In addition, he has received the 
National Human Relations Award from the American Jewish 
Committee. He joined Aflac Incorporated’s board in 2013.
Toshihiko Fukuzawa, 61, is president and chief executive 
officer of Yushu Tatemono Co., Ltd., a prominent real estate 
leasing company in Japan. Prior to this, he served in various 
positions, including managing executive officer of Mizuho 
Bank Ltd. and deputy president & executive officer of Mizuho 
Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. Over his 36-year career as a banker 
in Japan, he has gained extensive business and IT knowledge 
and experience with a wide range of Japanese financial 
services. He joined Aflac Incorporated’s board in 2016.
Elizabeth J. Hudson, 68, retired from her position as 
chief communications officer for the National Geographic 
Society in 2015, having previously held similar positions 
with iVillage, the Reader’s Digest Association and NBC. She 
was also previously a director in Spencer Stuart’s Media & 
Communication Practice. Hudson co-chairs the Washington 
Chapter of Women Corporate Directors, and joined Aflac 
Incorporated’s board in 1990.
Douglas W. Johnson, 74, is a certified public accountant 
and retired Ernst & Young audit partner. He has spent the 
majority of his career working with companies in the life and 
health segments of the insurance industry. He joined Aflac 
Incorporated’s board in 2003.

Robert B. Johnson, 73, retired from his position at Porter 
Novelli in 2014, at which he had been senior advisor 
since 2003. He was formerly chairman and CEO of the 
One America Foundation (an organization that promotes 
dialogue and solidarity among Americans of all races). He 
also previously served in President Clinton’s White House as 
an assistant to the president and director of the president’s 
initiative for One America. He joined Aflac Incorporated’s 
board in 2002.
Thomas J. Kenny, 54, was named chairman of the TIAA-
CREF Fund’s board in 2017, where he had served as a 
trustee since December 2011. He previously served as the 
chair of the TIAA-CREF Fund’s Investment Committee. Prior 
to his role at TIAA-CREF, he held a variety of leadership 
positions at Goldman Sachs and the Franklin Templeton 
Group of Funds over a 25-year career. He joined Aflac 
Incorporated’s board in 2015.

42 

Charles B. Knapp, 71, is president emeritus of the 
University of Georgia. Earlier in his career, he served as 
U.S. deputy assistant secretary of labor in the Carter 
Administration. He also served as executive vice president 
and chief financial officer of Tulane University. He joined Aflac 
Incorporated’s board in 1990.

Karole F. Lloyd, 59, is a certified public accountant and 
recently retired vice chair and managing partner for Ernst 
& Young, LLP. With more than 37 years of experience and 
leadership, she has extensive experience with large financial 
services, insurance and health care companies in both the 
United States and Canada, as well as additional experience 
with leadership and consulting related to financial reporting, 
board governance and legal matters, regulatory compliance, 
internal audit and risk management. She joined Aflac 
Incorporated’s board in 2017.
Joseph L. Moskowitz, 64, retired as executive vice 
president of Primerica, Inc. after more than 25 years of 
service. He led the Product Economics and Financial Analysis 
Group after previously serving as chief actuary, among 
various other positions of increasing responsibility. Prior 
to joining Primerica, he was vice president of Sun Life 
Insurance Company of America and also worked for KPMG. 
He is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a member 
of the American Academy of Actuaries. He joined Aflac 
Incorporated’s board in 2015.
Barbara K. Rimer, DrPH, 69, has been dean and alumni 
distinguished professor at the University of North Carolina at 
Chapel Hill Gillings School of Global Public Health for more 
than 10 years, and was previously director of the Division 
of Cancer Control and Population Sciences at the National 
Cancer Institute. She was elected to the Institute of Medicine 
in 2008 and was appointed chair of the President’s Cancer 
Panel in 2011. She joined Aflac Incorporated’s board in 1995.
Katherine T. Rohrer, 64, serves on the Emory University 
Board of Trustees. She is vice provost emeritus at Princeton 
University, having served as vice provost for academic 
programs from 2001 until 2015. Prior to assuming this 
role, Dr. Rohrer held several academic leadership positions 
at Princeton starting in 1988, including associate dean of 
the faculty and assistant dean of the college. At Columbia 
University, she was as an assistant professor from 1982 to 
1988. She joined Aflac Incorporated’s board in 2017.
Melvin T. Stith, 71, dean emeritus of the Martin J. Whitman 
School of Management at Syracuse University, was also 
previously dean and Jim Moran Professor of Business 
Administration at Florida State University, where he remains 
dean emeritus. Before retiring in 2015, Dr. Stith maintained 
his role as professor of marketing and business for more 
than 35 years, after previously serving in the U.S. Military 
Intelligence Command and achieving the rank of captain. 
In January 2018, Dr. Stith became the Interim President 
at Norfolk State University, Norfolk, Va. He joined Aflac 
Incorporated’s board in 2012.

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
Daniel P. Amos (see facing page) 

Frederick J. Crawford, 54, joined Aflac in June 2015 
as executive vice president and chief financial officer of 
Aflac Incorporated, responsible for overseeing the financial 
management of company operations. Before joining Aflac, 
he served as executive vice president and chief financial 
officer of CNO Financial Group, after spending more than a 
decade at the Lincoln Financial Group in roles of increasing 
responsibility, including executive vice president and chief 
financial officer. Prior to that, he held leadership positions at 
Bank One Corporation.
Charles D. Lake II, 56, president, Aflac International; 
chairman, Aflac Japan, joined Aflac International in February 
1999 and Aflac Japan in June 1999. Prior to his current 
position, he served as vice chairman and president of Aflac 
Japan. Before joining Aflac, he was director of Japan Affairs 
at the office of the U.S. Trade Representative in the executive 
office of the president, and practiced law in Washington, D.C.

Teresa L. White, 51, president, Aflac U.S., joined Aflac in 
1998 and has served in various leadership roles including 
senior vice president, director of Sales Support and 
Administration; executive vice president, Internal Operations; 
chief administrative officer; and chief operating officer of 
Aflac U.S. She was promoted to her current role in 2014, 
where she is responsible for strategy and oversight of the 
company’s IT program, marketing, corporate communications, 
sales and distribution. She is an alumna of Leadership 
Columbus; a Fellow of the Life Management Institute; and a 
member of Delta Sigma Theta.
J. Todd Daniels, 47, executive vice president; global chief 
risk officer and chief actuary, joined Aflac in 2002. He was 
promoted to vice president, Financial Planning and Analysis in 
2011 and to senior vice president; deputy corporate actuary 
in 2012. He was named global chief risk officer in January 
2014 and chief actuary in December 2015. Todd oversees all 
actuarial functions and global risk management programs for 
the company. He is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a 
member of the American Academy of Actuaries.
Eric M. Kirsch, 57, executive vice president and global chief 
investment officer of Aflac Incorporated; president, Aflac 
Global Investments, joined Aflac in 2011 and is responsible 
for overseeing the company’s investment efforts, including 
Aflac’s investment portfolio and investment team. He is 
a chartered financial analyst and former chairman of the 
Stable Value Investment Association. Eric is also a trustee of 
the Jersey Shore University Medical Center Foundation and 
serves on the board for the Baruch College Fund.
Virgil R. Miller, 49, executive vice president and chief 
operating officer, Aflac U.S.; president, Aflac Group Insurance, 
joined Aflac in 2004. He previously served as vice president 
of Client Services, Customer Assurance and Aflac’s 
Transformation Office. In 2015, Virgil was promoted to senior 
vice president of Internal Operations and later named chief 
administrative officer, head of Aflac Group. He was promoted 
to his current position in January 2018. He serves on the 
board of trustees for Claflin University, the 2017 Group 
Insurance Executive Council, the Palmetto Health Foundation 
Board and the Columbia Urban League.

Audrey Boone Tillman, 53, executive vice president and 
general counsel, joined Aflac in 1996. She was promoted to 
vice president; senior associate counsel, Legal, in 2000; to 
senior vice president; director, Human Resources in 2008; 
and to executive vice president, Corporate Services in 2011. 
She was promoted to her current role in May 2014, where 
she oversees Aflac’s Legal division, Compliance, State 
Government Relations, Federal Relations, Global Cyber 
Security and the office of the Corporate Secretary. Audrey’s 
responsibilities also include oversight of the General Counsel 
and Compliance offices at Aflac Japan.
Richard L. Williams Jr., 46, joined Aflac in 2017 as 
executive vice president and chief distribution officer. Rich is 
responsible for U.S. growth, which includes leading Aflac’s 
fully aligned distribution team of independent career agents 
and brokerage professionals as well as the company’s 
Product and Enrollment divisions. Prior to joining Aflac, he 
was senior vice president and general manager, Stop Loss, 
at Unum, U.S. and senior vice president, Growth Markets at 
Colonial Life and Accident Insurance Company. He is a Fellow 
of the Society of Actuaries and a member of the American 
Academy of Actuaries.
Masatoshi Koide, 57, president and chief operating officer, 
Aflac Japan, originally joined Aflac in November 1998 and 
stayed with Aflac until March 2006. He worked for Nikko 
Asset Management before he joined Aflac again in December 
2008 as vice president. He was promoted to senior vice 
president in January 2012 and to first senior vice president 
in July 2013. He was promoted to executive vice president, 
Planning and Research, Risk Management, Investment, 
Compliance and General Affairs in January 2015 and to his 
current position in July 2017. He is a member of the New 
York State Bar.
Koji Ariyoshi, 64, executive vice president; director of 
Sales and Marketing, Aflac Japan, joined Aflac as senior 
vice president responsible for sales planning in 2008. Since 
then, he has managed various departments, including Retail 
Marketing, Alliance Management and Hojinkai Promotion. He 
was promoted to his current position in January 2012. Before 
joining Aflac, he worked for Alico Japan as vice president and 
for AXA Life Insurance as senior vice president.
John A. Moorefield, 56, executive vice president; chief 
transformation officer, IT, Policy Services, Information Security, 
Aflac Japan, joined Aflac in 2005 and has held several key 
positions, including chief information officer of Aflac Japan. 
Prior to joining Aflac, he served as a principal in ApproxiCom, 
LLC and held executive leadership positions at Cap Gemini 
Ernst & Young LLP, Fidelity Investments and NationsBank.  
He was promoted to his current position in January 2017.
Jun Isonaka, 60, first senior vice president, sales, Aflac 
Japan, joined Aflac in 1980 and served as general manager 
in various marketing and sales departments from 1999 
through 2001. He was promoted to vice president in 2002 
and to senior vice president in January 2007. He became 
chief administrative officer in January 2010 and was 
promoted to his current position in January 2012.

AFLAC INCORPORATED YEAR IN REVIEW 2017  |  43

GLOSSARY OF SELECTED TERMS

Affiliated Corporate Agency – Agency in 
Japan directly affiliated with a specific corporation 
that sells insurance policies primarily to its 
employees
Direct Premium – Premiums earned before 
the impact of reinsurance
Earnings Per Basic Share – Net earnings 
divided by the weighted-average number of 
shares outstanding for the period
Earnings Per Diluted Share – Net earnings 
divided by the weighted-average number of 
shares outstanding for the period plus the 
weighted-average shares for the dilutive effect  
of share-based awards outstanding
Group Insurance – Insurance issued to a 
group, such as an employer or trade association, 
that covers employees or association members 
and their dependents through certificates of 
coverage
Individual Insurance – Insurance issued to 
an individual with the policy designed to cover that 
person and his or her dependents 
In-force Policies – A count of policies that are 
active contracts at the end of a period
Net Investment Income – The income 
derived from interest and dividends on investment 
securities, after deducting investment expenses

New Annualized Premium Sales – 
Annual premiums, on policies sold and 
incremental increases from policy conversions, 
collected over a 12-month period, assuming the 
policies remain in force
Operating Earnings Per Diluted Share 
Excluding the Impact of Foreign 
Currency – The profits derived from operations, 
including interest cash flows associated with 
notes payable and amortized hedge costs related 
to foreign currency denominated investments, but 
excluding certain items that cannot be predicted 
or that are outside of management’s control, such 
as realized investment gains and losses from 
securities transactions, impairments, change 
in loan loss reserves and certain derivative and 
foreign currency activities; nonrecurring items; 
and other non-operating income (loss) from net 
earnings. Nonrecurring and other non-operating 
items consist of infrequent events and activity 
not associated with the normal course of the 
Company’s insurance operations and do not 
reflect Aflac’s underlying business performance. 
This metric is then adjusted using the average 
yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable 
prior year period, which eliminates dollar based 
fluctuations driven solely from currency rate 
changes, and then divided by the weighted 
average outstanding diluted shares for the  
period presented

Persistency – Percentage of premiums 
remaining in force at the end of a period, 
usually one year. For example, 95% persistency 
would mean that 95% of the premiums in force 
at the beginning of the period were still in force 
at the end of the period 
Premium Income – Revenues that an insurer 
receives as premiums paid by its customers for 
insurance products
Risk-based Capital (RBC) Ratio – 
Statutory adjusted capital divided by statutory 
required capital. This insurance ratio is based on 
rules prescribed by the National Association of 
Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) and provides 
an indication of the amount of statutory capital 
the insurance company maintains, relative to the 
inherent risks in the insurer’s operations
Solvency Margin Ratio (SMR) – Solvency 
margin total divided by one half of the risk total. 
This insurance ratio is prescribed by the Japan 
Financial Services Agency (FSA) and is used for 
all life insurance companies in Japan to measure 
the adequacy of the company’s ability to pay 
policyholder claims in the event actual risks 
exceed expected levels
Total Return to Shareholders – 
Appreciation of a shareholder’s investment 
over a period of time, including reinvested cash 
dividends paid during that time

RECONCILIATION OF NET EARNINGS TO OPERATING EARNINGS PER DILUTED SHARE1

Realized investment (gains) losses: 
  Securities transactions and impairments  
  Certain derivative and foreign currency (gains) losses2, 3 
Other and non-recurring (income) loss3 
Income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded from operating earnings2 
Tax reform adjustment4 

TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
Net earnings per diluted share 
Items impacting net earnings:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating earnings per diluted share 
Current period foreign currency impact5 
Operating earnings per diluted share excluding  
    current period foreign currency impact6 

2017 
$  11.54 

2016 
$  6.42 

% Change

79.8%

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

0.02 
(0.02) 
0.17 
(0.06) 
(4.85) 
6.81 
0.10 

(0.13) 
 
 
(0.08)
  0.33
 
(0.04) 
  N/A
  6.50 
  N/A

 

4.8%

$  6.91 

$  6.50 

6.3%

1 Amounts may not foot due to rounding.
2   To conform to current year presentation, prior-year amounts have been revised to reflect the change in methodology of classifying the amortized hedge costs 

related to foreign currency denominated investments as a component of operating earnings.

3  Foreign currency gains (losses) for all periods have been reclassified from other income (loss) to derivative and foreign currency gains (losses) for consistency with 
current period presentation.
4   This estimated impact of Tax Reform may be adjusted for the current and future periods, possibly materially, due to, among other things, further refinement of the 

company’s calculations, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made, tax guidance that may be issued and actions the company may take 
as a result of Tax Reform.

5 Prior period foreign currency impact reflected as “N/A” to isolate change for current period only.
6   Amounts excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior-year period, which 

eliminates dollar-based fluctuations.

44 

CONTACT INFORMATION

Aflac Worldwide Headquarters
1932 Wynnton Rd.
Columbus, GA 31999

tel: 706.323.3431

aflac.com

Shareholders in the U.S. with 
questions about individual stock 
accounts

Shareholder Services
tel: 706.596.3581 or 800.227.4756 
Email: shareholder@aflac.com

Institutional debt and equity 
investors with questions about  
the company

Rating agencies with questions 
about the company

Individual/retail shareholders  
with questions about the company

David A. Young 
Vice President,
Investor and Rating Agency Relations
tel:  706.596.3264 or 800.235.2667

Delia H. Moore 
Director, 
Investor and Rating Agency Relations
tel: 706.596.3264 or 800.235.2667

Daniel A. Bellware
Senior Manager, 
Investor and Rating Agency Relations
tel: 706.596.3264 or 800.235.2667

Information requests such as Form 
10-K, quarterly earnings releases 
and other financial materials

Investor and Rating Agency Relations
tel:  706.596.3264 or 800.235.2667

Policyholders/claimants 

tel: 800.992.3522
(en Español, tel: 800.742.3522)

Aflac Japan
Shinjuku Mitsui Building
2-1-1, Nishishinjuku
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
163-0456, Japan

Yoshihiro Aoyama 
Manager, Aflac Japan Investor Relations  
Support Office
tel: 011.81.3.3344.0481

aflac.co.jp

This 2017 Year in Review contains forward-looking statements based on expectations, estimates and projections as of the date of 
this report. These cautionary statements by their nature are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are influenced by 
various factors. As a consequence, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Aflac 
undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. For more information, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Forward-Looking Information” in Aflac’s Annual Report on Form 
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

© 2018 Aflac Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Aflac® is a registered trademark of American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus.
One Day Pay SM and everwellSM are service marks of American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus.

Communicorp, Aflac’s printing and communications subsidiary, has received Forest 
Stewardship Council® (FSC ®) certification. This chain-of-custody certification is part 
of a not-for-profit organization program that brings people together to find solutions 
and reward good forest management.

aflac.com 

706.596.3264 or 800.235.2667 

Aflac Incorporated  |  1932 Wynnton Road  

Columbus, Georgia 31999

