2017 Summary  
Annual Report

In This Report

03

04

05

10

12

15

About AmerisourceBergen

Creating Healthier Futures

CEO Statement: To Our Stockholders

2017 Overview

Management Team

Corporate Information

About 

AmerisourceBergen 

services 

AmerisourceBergen is one of the largest global pharmaceutical 
sourcing  and  distribution 
companies,  helping 
both  healthcare  providers  and  pharmaceutical  and  biotech 
manufacturers improve patient access to products and enhance 
patient  care.  With  services  ranging  from  drug  distribution  and 
niche  premium  logistics  to  reimbursement  and  pharmaceutical 
consulting  services,  AmerisourceBergen  delivers 
innovative 
programs and solutions across the pharmaceutical supply channel 
in human and animal health. With over $153 billion in annual 
revenue,  AmerisourceBergen  is  headquartered  in  Valley  Forge, 
PA, and employs approximately 21,000 people around the world. 
AmerisourceBergen is ranked #11 on the Fortune 500 list.  

We  distribute  a  comprehensive  offering  of  brand  name  and 
generic  pharmaceuticals  -  including  specialty  pharmaceutical 
products ,  over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare 
supplies  and  equipment,  outsourced  compounded  sterile 
preparations, and related services to a wide variety of healthcare 
providers located in the United States and select global markets. 
Our customers include chain retail and independent pharmacies, 
mail order pharmacies, acute care hospitals and health systems, 
physician practices, medical and dialysis clinics, long-term care 
and other alternate site pharmacies, veterinarians, and others. 
Additionally, we furnish healthcare providers and pharmaceutical 
manufacturers with an assortment of related high-value services, 
including reimbursement and pharmaceutical consulting services, 
niche  premium  logistics  services,  inventory  management, 
pharmacy automation, and pharmacy management.

AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017  |  3

Creating Healthier Futures

We are a global pharmaceutical sourcing and 
distribution services company, helping both healthcare 
providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers improve 
patient access to products and enhance patient care.

How We Will Continue to Drive Value

Leverage Scale

Enhance Access

Drive Performance  
& Execute

Expand Advantage

Please visit our website, investor.amerisourcebergen.com  

for the most current corporate news and financial results.

4  |  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017

CEO Statement

To our 

Stockholders:

Steve Collis
President, Chairman & CEO

I  am  pleased  to  report  strong  financial  and  operational 
performance in fiscal 2017. We are extremely proud of this 
execution, especially against the backdrop of a dynamic and 
ever-evolving healthcare landscape. We grew our revenues a 
solid 4% to $153.1 billion and, on the basis of U.S. generally 
accepted  accounting  principles,  diluted  earnings  per  share 
was $1.64. Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 5% 
to $5.88 due to AmerisourceBergen’s ability to successfully 

We grew our revenues 
a solid 4% to $153.1 
billion, and on the basis 
of U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles, 
diluted earnings per 
share was $1.64. Adjusted 
diluted earnings per share 
increased 5% to $5.88.

navigate current market conditions, maintain our operating 
income level and thoughtfully deploy capital.1 Over the course 
of  my  six  years  as  CEO,  we  have  continued  to  build  and 
grow  AmerisourceBergen  into  a  market-leading  healthcare 
services company. In 2017, for the second consecutive year, 
our performance earned us the #1 spot on the Barron’s 500 
list.  We  ranked  #11  on  the  2017  Fortune  500  list  and  we 
now have more than 150 offices in 50 countries and 20,000 
dedicated associates worldwide.

We  continue  to  believe  that  AmerisourceBergen  has  a 
differentiated  value  proposition  in  the  industry.  We  have  a 
fast-growing  base  of  key,  strategic  customer  relationships, 
including Walgreens Boots Alliance, Express Scripts Holding 
Co., Kaiser Permanente, Humana Inc. and Compliant Pharmacy 
Alliance Cooperative. We offer the most innovative services 
and  solutions  to  both  our  downstream  provider  customers 
and  upstream  manufacturer  partners.  AmerisourceBergen 
is  the  undeniable  leader  in  Specialty  product  distribution 
and services. Additionally, we have a proven track record of 
successful financial stewardship. AmerisourceBergen’s strong 
operating platform supports growth for our customers and, 
ultimately, enhances patient access to quality healthcare.

1 See page 14 for more information regarding the non-GAAP financial 
measure adjusted diluted earnings per share.

AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017  |  5

In  fiscal  2017,  our  Pharmaceutical  Distribution  Services 
segment had solid revenue growth of 4%. Despite significant 
market  headwinds,  this  segment  successfully  increased 
customer  compliance  and  grew  Generic  product  volume, 
offsetting higher than historical average deflation rates. We 
also  brought  five  of  our  seven  planned  new,  state-of-the-
art distribution centers online, increasing our network’s size, 
scale and efficiency. In June, we seamlessly on-boarded and 
began servicing the AllianceRx Walgreens Prime business and 
are fully prepared to service the nearly 2,000 Rite Aid stores 
that will be acquired by Walgreens in fiscal 2018.

We  are  the  leader  in  the  distribution  of  Specialty  drugs 
and  our  legacy  Specialty  business  delivered  another  year 
of  excellent  growth.  In  fact,  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  fiscal 
2017, the legacy Specialty business marked its 15th straight 
quarter of revenue growth at or above 10%. Throughout the 
year, this business drove strong performance and increased 
volumes,  especially  in  oncology  and  the  growing  immuno-
oncology  space.  Given  the  critical  role  of  Specialty  in  the 
healthcare landscape, our strong leadership in the space and 
its compelling growth profile, we believe Specialty is core to 
what we do across all of our businesses.

We  also  undertook  a  comprehensive  quality  assurance  and 
quality  control  initiative  at  PharMEDium  in  fiscal  2017. 

This  strategic  investment  in  enhanced  testing  systems  and 
procedures resulted in a reduction in our production levels, 
but  ultimately  will  optimize  our  quality  procedures  and 
practices. We believe this will better position PharMEDium in 
the long run to continue to be the trusted, high quality sterile 
compounding partner for our customers.

In  fiscal  2017,  Other—Global  Commercialization  Services 
&  Animal  Health—continued  to  deliver  very  strong  results, 

AmerisourceBergen’s 
strong operating platform 
supports growth for our 
customers and, ultimately, 
enhances patient access 
to quality healthcare.

6  |  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017

with impressive revenue growth of 10%. Overall, we are very 
pleased with the core fundamentals of the three businesses 
in Other. All remain the undisputed market leaders in their 
respective sectors. In consulting and patient services, we are 
proud of the deep expertise we have in developing patient 
access and adherence programs and the proven experience 
we  bring  to  bear  for  our  customers  in  the  regulatory, 
compliance  and  policy  areas.  This  year,  we  began  the 
implementation of our innovative Fusion technology system 
in our Lash Consulting business. Fusion is a game-changer; 
we  believe  it  is  a  best-in-class  patient  support  system  that 
will provide a significant competitive advantage for Lash, and 
should  be  highly  valued  by  our  manufacturer  partners  and 
also enable a better patient experience. And, because of this, 
we believe it will help drive growth and long-term efficiency 
for our Consulting business.

The AmerisourceBergen global footprint is vastly expanded by 
our growing World Courier business. The undisputed leader in 
premium clinical trial logistics, World Courier is an important 
part of the high value services we provide to manufacturers 
as  they  work  to  research,  develop  and  commercialize  new 
pharmaceutical  products.  World  Courier  continues  to  be  a 
strong performer for AmerisourceBergen—it set another new 
record for the number of shipments in fiscal 2017—and we 
anticipate continued growth and leadership from the business.

Finally, our MWI Animal Health business continues to be not 
only  the  largest,  but  also  the  fastest-growing,  U.S.  animal 
health distributor. MWI offers our manufacturer customers a 
best-in-class sales force and proven commercialization services. 
As a result, the business consistently delivers strong volume 
and  revenue  growth,  especially  in  the  rapidly  expanding 
companion  pet  market.  As  we  move  into  fiscal  2018,  MWI 
is  further  differentiating  itself,  working  to  launch  the  next 

AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017  |  7

most  effectively  serve  our  customers  and  patients  while 
driving growth and delivering value to our shareholders.

Importantly, as we enter 2018, AmerisourceBergen continues 
to  be  a  diverse,  inclusive,  purpose-driven  organization 
that  cares  for  the  communities  it  serves.  We  are  united  in 
our  responsibility  to  create  healthier  futures.  In  2017,  the 
Company earned a perfect score of 100% on the Corporate 
Equality  Index,  a  national  benchmarking  survey  and  report 
on  corporate  policies  related  to  LGBTQ  workplace  equality, 
administered by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. 

We are evolving. 
We are growing and 
we are united in our 
responsibility to create 
healthier futures. 
Our associates are 
experienced, dedicated 
and helping to shape 
our culture, power our 
corporate transformation 
and drive our growth.

generation  of  its  innovative  e-commerce  platform,  which  is 
growing at two times the business’s organic growth rate.

We  are  continuing  to  innovate  and  evolve  as  we  execute 
and  grow.  In  2017,  AmerisourceBergen  announced  a 
transformation designed to further align the organization to 
its customer needs in a more seamless and unified way, while 
supporting  corporate  strategy  and  accelerating  growth. 
We are evolving our business to provide both our upstream 
manufacturer and downstream provider customers with an 
integrated  experience  that  makes  it  easier  for  them  to  not 
only  do  business  with  AmerisourceBergen,  but  to  operate 
their  business.  We  are  reshaping  our  business  to  maximize 
efficiency  and  streamline  interaction.  In  fiscal  2018,  the 
Company’s customer-facing offerings are now aligned under 
two groups that are integrated, collaborative and optimized:
•  Pharmaceutical Distribution & Strategic Global Sourcing—
includes services to retail chain and independent pharmacies, 
health  systems,  physician  practices  and  alternate  care  sites 
as  well  as  AmerisourceBergen’s  sourcing,  repackaging  and 
specialty pharmacy capabilities.
•  Global  Commercialization  Services  &  Animal  Health—
includes solutions for product commercialization and patient 
access, international development and animal health.

efforts  will 

transformation 

Our 
strongly  position 
AmerisourceBergen  as  we  move  forward.  We  are  utilizing 
our  scale  and  expertise  to  maximize  our  portfolio.  We  are 
leveraging our scale, enhancing access, driving performance 
and  execution  and  continuing  to  build  advantage—all  to 

8  |  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017

In 2017 we also stood shoulder-to-shoulder with communities 
to face and address numerous challenges. For example, Texas, 
Florida, Puerto Rico and other areas were battered by some of 
the worst hurricanes in recent history. I am so proud of the way 
our entire team worked together seamlessly, collaboratively 
and  tirelessly  during  the  storms.  AmerisourceBergen’s 
preparedness  and  rapid  action  ensured  that  our  associates 
and their families were safe and that we were able to continue 
to operate, deliver products and services and ensure access to 
critical—sometimes life-saving—treatments for patients. Due 
to the preventative steps and comprehensive preparations of 
our operations team, I am also happy to report that none of 
our AmerisourceBergen facilities sustained material damage 
and that our business was not dramatically impacted.

There  is  another  challenge  that  is  critically  important  to 
AmerisourceBergen and that affects all of us—opioids and the 
rising levels of their abuse. AmerisourceBergen understands 
and appreciates the enormity of this epidemic—both for the 
healthcare industry and for the country more broadly—and 
we  are  mobilized  to  address  it.  We  are  working  diligently 
at  ABC,  collaboratively  across  our  industry  with  other 
distributors  and  the  Healthcare  Distribution  Alliance  (HDA) 
and very closely with legislators, policy makers and regulatory 
agencies to continue to monitor and stop suspicious orders 
and  minimize  and  deter  diversion.  We  continue  to  invest 
millions of dollars in our best-in-class Diversion Control Team. 
In addition to our continued reporting and stopping of orders 
determined  to  be  suspicious,  we  also  continue  to  provide 
daily reports about the quantity, type and receiving pharmacy 
of every single order of controlled substances we distribute 
to  regulatory  and  enforcement  professionals.  Additionally, 
along  with  our  partner  Walgreens,  we  have  expanded  the 
Safe Medication Disposal Kiosks take-back program and our 

Good  Neighbor  Pharmacy  safe  drug  disposal  program  in 
conjunction  with  the  national  DEA  Prescription  Drug  Take-
Back Day. Our AmerisourceBergen Foundation is also actively 
working to support a broader range of grants and educational 
programs. AmerisourceBergen takes very seriously our role in 
the supply chain and our responsibility to patients—getting 
FDA-approved  drugs  from  pharmaceutical  companies  that 
manufacturer  them  to  DEA-registered  pharmacies  that 
dispense  them  based  on  prescriptions  written  by  licensed 
healthcare providers. We will continue to work diligently and 
collaboratively to address this challenge in 2018 and beyond.

In summary, AmerisourceBergen is strong. We are evolving. 
We  are  growing  and  we  are  united  in  our  responsibility  to 
create  healthier  futures.  Our  associates  are  experienced, 
dedicated  and  helping  to  shape  our  culture,  power  our 
corporate transformation and drive our growth.

At AmerisourceBergen, we will continue to think, plan and act 
strategically to serve our customers and patients, accomplish 
our goals and build long-term sustainable shareholder value.

Sincerely,

Steven H. Collis
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017  |  9

2017 Overview

$150+  
  billion

in annual 
revenue

21,000
associates

11 on the 2017 

FORTUNE 500

14%

adjusted  
diluted  
EPS CAGR

10  |  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017

Daily delivery to
  >50,000
 
healthcare  
 
 
facilities
 
 

 
 
 

150+ 
office
locations

product  
lines

distribution  
centers

Provide global 
specialty logistics 
services to  

50+  

countries

Largest 
distributor  
of Animal Health 
products to  

35,000  

customers

Largest distributor  
of specialty 
pharmaceuticals

AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017  |  11

Management Team

Steven H. Collis
Chairman, President and 
Chief Executive Officer

Tim Guttman 
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer

John G. Chou  
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Legal & Business Officer

Gina K. Clark
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Communications & 
Administration Officer

James F. Cleary, Jr.
Executive Vice President and 
Group President, Global 
Commercialization Services & 
Animal Health

Dale B. Danilewitz
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Information Officer

Kathy H. Gaddes
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Human  
Resources Officer

Robert P. Mauch
Executive Vice President 
and Group President, 
Pharmaceutical Distribution & 
Strategic Global Sourcing

Sun Park
Executive Vice President, 
Strategy and Development

Corporate Officers
 
Steven H. Collis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Tim G. Guttman
EVP and Chief Financial Officer

John G. Chou
EVP and Chief Legal & Business Officer

Gina K. Clark
EVP and Chief Communications & 
Administration Officer

James F. Cleary, Jr.
EVP and Group President, Global 
Commercialization Services & Animal Health

Dale B. Danilewitz
EVP and Chief Information Officer

Kathy H. Gaddes
EVP and Chief Human Resources Officer

Robert P. Mauch
EVP and Group President, Pharmaceutical 
Distribution & Strategic Global Sourcing

Sun Park
EVP, Strategy and Development

Lazarus Krikorian
SVP and Corporate Controller

Hyung Bak
SVP, Group General Counsel and Secretary 

J.F. Quinn
VP and Corporate Treasurer

Al Morales
Senior Vice President, 
Chief Transformation Officer

Rich Tremonte
Senior Vice President, 
President, Strategic Global 
Sourcing

12  |  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017

Board of Directors

Steven H. Collis

Jane E. Henney, M.D.

Ornella Barra

Douglas R. Conant

D. Mark Durcan

Richard W. Gochnauer

Lon R. Greenberg

Kathleen W. Hyle

Michael J. Long

Henry W. McGee

Steven H. Collis 5*
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief 
Executive Officer

Jane E. Henney, M.D. 5** 
Retired Professor, Internal Medicine and Public 
Health Service, College of Medicine at the 
University of Cincinnati

Ornella Barra 3 
Co-Chief Operating Officer for Walgreens 
Boots Alliance, Inc.

Douglas R. Conant 2,4 
Founder and Chief Executive Officer of 
ConantLeadership

D. Mark Durcan 1,3 
Retired Chief Executive Officer of Micron 
Technology, Inc.

Richard W. Gochnauer 2,3*,5 
Retired President & CEO of United Stationers

Lon R. Greenberg 1*,3,5 
Retired Chairman of the Board and Chief 
Executive Officer of UGI Corporation

Kathleen W. Hyle 2,3 
Former Senior Vice President of Constellation Energy 
and Chief Operating Officer of Constellation Energy 
Resources

Michael J. Long 2*,4,5 
Chairman, President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Arrow Electronics, Inc.

Henry W. McGee 1,2,4*,5 
Senior Lecturer, Harvard Business School

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
As of February 28, 2018

1  Audit Committee
2  Compensation and Succession Planning Committee 
3  Finance Committee
4  Governance and Nominating Committee
5  Executive Committee

*   Denotes Committee Chair
** Dr. Jane Henney, as Lead Independent Director, serves as 
an ex-officio member of each of the Committees.

AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017  |  13

GAAP / Non-GAAP Financial Measures

To supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), AmerisourceBergen 
uses certain non-GAAP financial measures. This report includes the 
non-GAAP  financial  measure  adjusted  diluted  earnings  per  share. 
This  non-GAAP  financial  measure  should  be  viewed  in  addition 
to, and not in lieu of, financial measures calculated in accordance 
with  GAAP.  This  supplemental  measure  may  vary  from,  and  may 
not be comparable to, similarly titled measures by other companies. 

We have defined the non-GAAP financial measure of adjusted diluted 
earnings per share as follows: diluted earnings per share, excluding 
the dilutive impact of the warrants issued to Walgreens Boots Alliance 
(the  ‘‘Warrants’’)  prior  to  their  exercise,  and  the  shares  purchased 
under our special share repurchase programs, net of the weighted 
average  number  of  shares  issued  related  to  the  March  2016  and 
August 2016 Warrants exercises. In connection with the fiscal 2014 
special  $650  million  share  repurchase  program,  we  issued  $600 

million of 1.15% senior notes that were repaid in May 2017. The per 
share impact of interest expense incurred related to this borrowing 
has been excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share. Adjusted 
diluted  earnings  per  share  also  excludes  the  per  share  impact  of 
Warrants expense/income, gain from antitrust litigation settlements; 
LIFO  expense/credit;  acquisition-related  intangibles  amortization; 
employee  severance,  litigation  and  other;  a  charge  related  to  a 
pension settlement, an impairment charge on an equity investment, 
and  the  loss  on  early  retirement  of  debt;  in  each  case,  net  of  the 
tax effect calculated using the applicable effective tax rate for those 
items. We prepare adjusted diluted earnings per share to eliminate 
the per share impact of items that we consider to not be indicative of 
our ongoing operating performance due to their inherent unusual, 
non-operating,  unpredictable,  non-recurring,  or  non-cash  nature.  

The following is a reconciliation of the GAAP diluted earnings per share 
to adjusted diluted earnings per share.

Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations

     Gain from Antitrust Litigation Settlements

     Warrants1

     Acquisition-related Intangibles Amortization

     LIFO (credit) / expense

     Employee Severance, Litigation & Other2

     Pension Settlement

     Impairment Charge on Equity Investment

     Loss on Early Retirement of Debt

     Rounding

Adjusted Diluted EPS from  
Continuing Operations

FY 
2017

$1.64

–

0.02

0.45

(0.46)

4.23

–

–

–

–

FY
2016

FY
2015

FY
2014

FY
2013

FY
2012

$ 6.32

$(0.63)

$ 1.20

$ 2.09

$ 2.96

(0.35)

(1.66)

0.39

0.53

0.27

0.13

–

–

(0.01)

(0.18)

(0.06)

(0.06)

(0.04)

3.91

0.15

1.46

0.10

–

0.13

–

–

1.73

0.06

0.92

0.02

_

–

0.09

–

0.32

0.06

0.72

0.06

–

–

–

–

0.04

–

0.11

–

–

–

0.01

0.01

$5.88

$ 5.62

$ 4.94

$ 3.96

$ 3.20

$ 3.08

1 

For the reconciling items and the non-GAAP presentation, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations and diluted shares outstanding have been 
adjusted to exclude the dilutive impact from the Warrants prior to their exercise, and the shares repurchased under special share repurchase programs, net of 
the weighted average number of shares issued related to the March 2016 and August 2017 Warrants exercises. In connection with the special share repurchase 
program, the Company issued $600 million of 1.15% senior notes that were repaid in May 2017.  The interest expense incurred relating to this borrowing has 
been excluded from the non-GAAP presentation. In addition, the Company received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service in November 2015, 
which entitled it to an income tax deduction equal to the fair value of the Warrants on the date of exercise. As a result, the Company recognized a tax benefit 
adjustment of approximately $456 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, which represented the estimated tax deduction for the increase in the fair 
value of the Warrants from the issuance date through September 30, 2015.

2 

Fiscal 2017 includes $914.4 million for litigation settlements and accruals with no corresponding income tax benefit.

14  |  AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017

Corporate Information

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking 
Statements 
Certain of the statements contained in this press release are “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and 
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Words such as “expect,” 
“likely,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “can,” “project,” 
“intend,” “plan,” “continue,” “sustain,” “synergy,” “on track,” “believe,” “seek,” 
“estimate,” “anticipate,” “may,” “possible,” “assume,” variations of such words, 
and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 
These statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject 
to uncertainty and change in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and are based on assumptions that could prove incorrect or 
could cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated. Among the factors 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, 
or implied are the following: unfavorable trends in brand and generic pharmaceutical 
pricing, including in rate or frequency of price inflation or deflation; competition and 
industry consolidation of both customers and suppliers resulting in increasing pressure 
to reduce prices for our products and services; changes in pharmaceutical market 
growth rates; changes in the United States healthcare and regulatory environment, 
including changes that could impact prescription drug reimbursement under Medicare 
and Medicaid; increasing governmental regulations regarding the pharmaceutical 
supply channel and pharmaceutical compounding; declining reimbursement rates 
for pharmaceuticals; federal and state government enforcement initiatives to 
detect and prevent suspicious orders of controlled substances and the diversion of 
controlled substances; increased public concern over the abuse of opioid medications; 
prosecution or suit by federal, state and other governmental entities of alleged 
violations of laws and regulations regarding controlled substances, and any related 
disputes, including shareholder derivative lawsuits; increased federal scrutiny and 
litigation, including qui tam litigation, for alleged violations of laws and regulations 
governing the marketing, sale, purchase and/or dispensing of pharmaceutical products 
or services, and associated reserves and costs, including the reserve recorded in 
connection with the proceedings with the United States Attorney’s Office for the 
Eastern District of New York; material adverse resolution of pending legal proceedings; 
the retention of key customer or supplier relationships under less favorable economics 
or the adverse resolution of any contract or other dispute with customers or suppliers; 
changes to customer or supplier payment terms; risks associated with the strategic, 
long-term relationship between Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and the Company, 
including principally with respect to the pharmaceutical distribution agreement 
and/or the global generic purchasing services arrangement; changes in tax laws or 
legislative initiatives that could adversely affect the Company’s tax positions and/or 
the Company’s tax liabilities or adverse resolution of challenges to the Company’s tax 
positions; regulatory action in connection with the production, labeling or packaging 
of products compounded by our compounded sterile preparations (CSP) business; 
suspension of production of CSPs, including at our Memphis 503B outsourcing facility; 
failure to realize the expected benefits from our reorganization and other business 
process initiatives; managing foreign expansion, including non-compliance with the 
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, anti-bribery laws and economic sanctions and 
import laws and regulations; declining economic conditions in the United States and 
abroad; financial market volatility and disruption; substantial defaults in payment, 
material reduction in purchases by or the loss, bankruptcy or insolvency of a major 
customer; the loss, bankruptcy or insolvency of a major supplier; changes to the 
customer or supplier mix; malfunction, failure or breach of sophisticated information 
systems to operate as designed; risks generally associated with data privacy regulation 
and the international transfer of personal data; natural disasters or other unexpected 
events that affect the Company’s operations; the impairment of goodwill or other 
intangible assets (including with respect to foreign operations), resulting in a charge 
to earnings; the acquisition of businesses that do not perform as expected, or that 
are difficult to integrate or control, including the integration of H. D. Smith and 
PharMEDium, or the inability to capture all of the anticipated synergies related thereto 
or to capture the anticipated synergies within the expected time period; the effects 
of disruption from the transactions on the respective businesses of the Company and 
H. D. Smith and the fact that the transactions may make it more difficult to establish 
or maintain relationships with employees, suppliers, customers and other business 
partners; the disruption of the Company’s cash flow and ability to return value to its 
stockholders in accordance with its past practices; interest rate and foreign currency 
exchange rate fluctuations; and other economic, business, competitive, legal, tax, 
regulatory and/or operational factors affecting the Company’s business generally. 
Certain additional factors that management believes could cause actual outcomes 
and results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements are 
set forth (i) in Item 1A (Risk Factors) in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 and elsewhere in that report and (ii) in 
other reports filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act.

Stockholder Services
Our transfer agent, Computershare, can help you with a variety of 
stockholder services, including:

• Change of address
• Lost stock certificates
• Stock transfer
• Account consolidation

Computershare Can Be Reached At:
Telephone: 866-233-1957, or TDD 800-231-5469  
Outside U.S.: 201-680-6578, or TDD 201-680-6610  
Internet: www.computershare.com
Mail:   AmerisourceBergen Corporation
 
 
Email: Support.ServiceCenter@cpushareownerservices.com

c/o Computershare
P.O. Box 43078 Providence, RI 02940-3078

Additional Information
Financial documents, such as our Annual Report on Form 
10-K, and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other reports 
and filings, such as the Company’s Code of Ethics and Business 
Conduct, may be obtained from the Company website at
www.amerisourcebergen.com, or by calling the Company’s
Investor Relations Department at 610-727-7000.

Investor Relations
Stockholders, security analysts, portfolio managers and other investors 
desiring further information about the Company should contact:

Bennett S. Murphy, Vice President, Investor Relations  
Phone: 610-727-3693
Email: bmurphy@amerisourcebergen.com

Annual Meeting of Stockholders
March 1, 2018 at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time at the Ritz-Carlton Golf 
Resort in Naples, Florida

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Ernst & Young LLP, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Stock Listing
AmerisourceBergen Corporation is listed on The New York Stock 
Exchange under the symbol ABC.

AmerisourceBergen Summary Annual Report 2017  |  15

