AT&T INC.    2017 Annual Report

our 
values

Act with integrity

Deliver excellence

Innovate continuously

Believe and invest in each other

Make your world better

TO OUR INVESTORS,

AT&T and its strategic positioning must be assessed first through the lens of what 
transpired in the general U.S. business environment in 2017. It’s been a long time 
since we have seen a shift in public policy that was more positive for growth in 
investment, jobs and wages.

It began with a broad, sweeping rationalization of the regulatory burden on U.S. 
businesses, particularly in our industry. The most notable example came last 
December when the FCC reversed its 2015 decision to impose a set of archaic, 
1930s-era regulations – rules created for the rotary-dial telephone – on how the 
internet works.

The new FCC order returns internet service to the light-touch regulation that had 
been in place until 2015. We now have the same regulatory approach that enabled  
the U.S. technology sector in Silicon Valley to lead the world in innovation as the 
internet flourished, thanks to massive investments in mobile and fiber-based 
broadband infrastructure. Indeed, AT&T invested more than $200 billion in capital  
in our U.S. networks over the past 10 years. Returning the industry to that same 
light-touch regulation will help ensure continued investment in new, significantly 
higher-speed network technologies – such as 5G – that will help the United States 
to remain the global leader in advanced connectivity and digital innovation.

The internet has become a very important element within our society, changing 
the way we all live, work and conduct commerce. Therefore, another change in  
the rules is understandably confusing and concerning. This is why we believe it’s 
time for Congress to end the debate once and for all by writing new laws that 
govern the internet and protect consumers.

Until that is accomplished, I want to make clear what you can expect from AT&T.  
We are committed to an open internet. We don’t block websites. We don’t 
censor online content. And we don’t throttle, discriminate, or degrade network 
performance based on the content. Period. 

We have publicly committed to these principles for more than 10 years, and 
we will continue to abide by them. But the commitment of one company is not 
enough. We need Congressional action to establish an “Internet Bill of Rights” 
that applies to all internet companies and guarantees neutrality, transparency, 
openness, nondiscrimination and privacy protection for all internet users.

We intend to work with Congress, other internet companies and consumer 
groups to push for this legislation that will permanently protect the open 
internet for all users and encourage continued investment for the next 
generation of internet innovation.

02   

tax 
reform

The most sweeping public policy development of 2017 came on the legislative 
front, when Congress and the Administration in December enacted the first 
meaningful U.S. tax reform in 30 years. As a result, our nation has gone from having 
one of the world’s highest corporate tax rates to a rate that is globally competitive. 
In addition, the new law provides for the immediate expensing of capital 
investment through 2022, providing further incentives for companies like AT&T 
to continue to modernize the nation’s infrastructure. And finally, the law eliminates 
the dual taxation of overseas profits that was keeping trillions of dollars from being 
deployed in the United States.

As a U.S.-centric company that’s been the largest investor of capital in this country 
over the past 5 years, AT&T’s success is closely tied to our country’s economic 
growth. We believe the impact of tax reform will be substantial and positive for the 
U.S. economy. There was simply no bigger catalyst available to our policymakers to 
increase private-sector capital investment and job creation. In fact, our economy is 
already realizing the benefits, as company after company has announced increased 
investment, higher wages and employee bonuses. 
 

Randall Stephenson
Chairman,  
Chief Executive Officer  
and President

03

FINANCIAL 
HIGHLIGHTS

$17.6B

$16.9B

$15.9B

free
cash flow

11%

Up 11% since 2015

$10.2B

$11.8B

$12.0B

2015

2016

2017

dividends paid

Free cash flow is cash from operating activities minus capital expenditures1

$140B

invested in our network 
between 2013 and 2017, 
including acquisitions 
of spectrum and 
wireless operations

U.S.

Mexico

investment

$21.6B

capital expenditures  
in 2017 alone

wireless growth
in North America

12.0M

15.1M

8.7M

137.3
million

128.6M

146.8
million

134.9M

156.7
million

141.6M

2015

2016

2017

Wireless subscribers in North America have grown 14% since the end of 2015 
Totals may not foot due to rounding

04   

For our part, we gave $1,000 bonuses to more than 200,000 of our front-line U.S. 
employees upon passage of tax reform. We also committed to invest an additional 
$1 billion in capital in our U.S. network this year. In any industry, business capital 
investment creates jobs and drives productivity. And research indicates that every 
$1 billion in telecom capital investment in the United States creates about 7,000 
more good-paying U.S. jobs. We also made an $800 million voluntary contribution 
to further fund our health care benefits and contributed an additional $89 million 
to the AT&T Foundation. 

         “... we gave $1,000 bonuses to more than 

             200,000 of our front-line U.S. employees upon 
               passage of tax reform. We also committed 

      to invest an additional $1 billion in capital 

         in our U.S. network this year.”

time 
warner

Given such a wide-ranging move toward policies focused on growth, investment, 
jobs and wages, we were surprised when the U.S. Government filed suit in November 
to block our merger with Time Warner Inc. Like many legal experts, we disagree with 
the lawsuit, and we look forward to presenting our case in Court. 

As I discussed with you last year, acquiring Time Warner is a logical next step for our 
company. By combining Time Warner’s content with our distribution, we can elevate 
our long-term strategy and create a variety of powerful benefits for consumers and 
investors alike:

  Consumers will see a new level of choice, innovation and value as we deliver a 

more personalized and immersive entertainment experience – from new forms 
of content to offering new ways to access and view premium content. 

  For investors, this merger will be accretive to adjusted earnings per share and 
free cash flow per share within a year of closing and will improve our dividend 
coverage. It will also lower our capital intensity and diversify our revenue 
stream. Part of that diversification in revenues will come from a new data-
driven advertising business that will be built with Time Warner’s advertising 
inventory, bringing new competition to digital advertising.

05

         “... acquiring Time Warner is a logical 
next step for our company. By combining 
Time Warner’s content with our distribution, 

we can elevate our long-term strategy 
and create a variety of powerful benefits 

for consumers and investors alike.”

strategic
priorities

We continue to build on the strong momentum from last year to create the  
best entertainment and communications experiences in the world. In 2017, we  
made significant progress in achieving this long-term value proposition by 
executing against the following strategic priorities:

DELIVER AN EFFORTLESS CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE 
Across our company, we continued to work hard at building “effortless” into 
everything we do for our customers, from the way we design products and services 
to our approach to serving customers. And we backed that commitment by 
devoting significant capital to delivering the easiest, most frictionless customer 
experience possible.

LEAD IN CONNECTIVITY AND INTEGRATED SOLUTIONS
We continued to invest heavily to deliver seamless, integrated solutions that  
are fast, highly secure and reliable. 

Just a few of the ways those investments are paying off include:

  Our cross-border North American wireless network that connects more  
than 400 million people and businesses in the United States and Mexico.

  An ultra-fast 100% fiber network that we’re now marketing to more than  

7 million customer locations in parts of 67 metros nationwide.

  High-speed fiber connections to more than 1.8 million U.S. business locations.
  Plans to expand high-speed internet to reach more than 50 million U.S.  

customer locations. 

In addition, we recently announced that we expect to be the first U.S. company 
to introduce mobile 5G service in a dozen markets by late this year. This next-
generation mobile technology will deliver significantly faster speeds and lower 

7M

Expanded the company’s 
100% fiber network  
by more than 80% to  

reach more than 7 million 

customer locations

06  

1.2

million

DIRECTV NOW
Ended 2017 with nearly
1.2 million subscribers, 
13 months after launching

latency (the time it takes for data to go from sender to receiver). 5G has terrific 
potential that we’re moving quickly to realize so that we can enable everything 
from self-driving cars to smart cities.

We are also applying our technology to address the effects of climate change. 
That includes transitioning to more resource-efficient approaches in our network 
operations and delivering sustainable solutions to our customers. It’s all part of 
working toward our 2025 goal of enabling carbon savings that are 10 times the 
carbon footprint of our operations.

PRODUCE AND ASSEMBLE WORLD-CLASS ENTERTAINMENT
Even as we wait to add Time Warner’s assets to our portfolio, we’ve introduced 
new video options for consumers. For example, consumers have enthusiastically 
embraced our DIRECTV NOW video streaming service, which grew to nearly 
1.2 million customers just 13 months after launching in late 2016. In the coming 
months, we’ll give consumers even more reasons to subscribe, when we roll out 
several new DIRECTV NOW features.

DIRECTV NOW’s popularity validates one of the key insights driving our strategy. 
Consumers have a tremendous appetite for great content that’s married with 
connectivity, enabling them to watch what they want, whenever, wherever and 
however they want. Completing the Time Warner merger will help us meet that 
demand while further accelerating our pace of innovation. In particular, we have 
a sizable opportunity to transform targeted advertising around premium video 
content, and do so with greater transparency and accountability for advertisers. 
And this isn’t just about creating more effective ads and improved ROI for 
marketers. It’s about using insights from customer data to improve the viewing 
experience by delivering more relevant ads and potentially reducing the number 
of ads shown. 

Data drawn from our millions of customer relationships will better inform how 
we allocate capital, fueling more and smarter investment in content, driving new 
services, and further strengthening and expanding those customer relationships.

SERVE OUR CUSTOMERS GLOBALLY
A number of developments in 2017 reinforced our leadership in serving our 
customers globally – especially when it comes to our ability to serve multinational 
businesses wherever in the world they do business. Our integrated network 
solutions are available in countries that represent 99% of the world’s economy, 
providing global reach critical to meeting the needs of our multinational 
customers. And our industry-leading transformation to a software-defined 

07

virtualized

55%

Virtualized 55%  

of network functions, 

up from 34% at the end of 
2016, enabling significant 
cost structure improvements

network enables us to more easily provide many of our services in locations around 
the globe, even in countries where we don’t own or operate the physical network.

OPERATE WITH AN INDUSTRY-LEADING COST STRUCTURE 
That same transformation to a software-centric architecture was the driving 
force that brought us closer to our goal of delivering the most network traffic at 
the lowest marginal cost in the industry. By the end of 2017, 55% of our network 
functions were virtualized, or software-based, and we’re on-track to reach 75% 
by 2020.

EQUIP OUR PEOPLE FOR THE FUTURE 
I’ve told you in the past about AT&T’s commitment to ensure that our people 
have the skills they’ll need to perform and prosper in the jobs we’re creating 
for an increasingly software-centric world. And we’ve backed that commitment 
with an employee reskilling initiative that is unsurpassed in size and scope. Our 
employees have continued to take advantage of this opportunity, completing a 
total of 2.6 million online courses and earning 176,000 tech-transformation badges 
and 700 specialized nano-degrees, as well as 70 online master’s degrees through 
our collaborations with Udacity and Georgia Tech.

executing
our strategy

In support of these priorities, we delivered solid results across our major 
business lines:

Business Solutions, our largest segment, generated $69.4 billion in revenues  
in 2017, and we exited the year with momentum. We believe that over the longer 
term we have an additional opportunity to grow revenues as businesses take 
advantage of tax reform to step up their investment in new technology.

Our Business Solutions team scored one of our biggest wins in recent years  
when AT&T was selected by the U.S. First Responder Network Authority  
(FirstNet™) to build and manage America’s first nationwide public safety 
broadband network specifically designed for our nation’s police, firefighters,  
EMS and other first responders. 

FirstNet is an unprecedented public-private investment in infrastructure that 
makes the United States a leader and makes public safety a national priority.  
Over the life of this 25-year agreement, AT&T plans to spend $40 billion, which 
we expect will create 10,000 U.S. jobs over the first 2 years of the project. 

08   

All 50 states, 5 territories and  
the District of Columbia opted  
in to FirstNet – the first U.S. 
broadband network dedicated 
to police, firefighters, EMS and 

other first responders

FirstNet will reimburse us $6.5 billion to successfully build the network. This 
initiative also comes with a big bonus. FirstNet is providing us with a huge amount 
of nationwide, high-value wireless spectrum that we’ll use to build and operate 
this network. And when there’s excess capacity, we’ll be able to use it to serve our 
other customers.

All 50 states, 5 territories and the District of Columbia have now opted in to be  
part of this dedicated nationwide communications network. We are moving 
forward aggressively with our network build, including new sites that will help  
cover unserved or underserved rural areas.

We’re honored to be part of something this important to our country. But FirstNet 
is clearly important to our company, as well. In addition to beefing up what is 
already the industry’s premier wireless spectrum position, it will further expand 
wireless network coverage and capacity, and drive innovation.

                 “We’re honored to be part of something  

              this important to our country.  
      But FirstNet is clearly important  

              to our company, as well.”

Just as important, we see additional momentum for our Business Solutions group 
as we continue to grow revenues from our most advanced data and IP (internet 
protocol) networking solutions.

These IP services now account for 41% of our Business Solutions wireline revenues. 
We also extended our industry leadership in the Internet of Things (IoT), including 
smart cities pilots deployed in 3 markets. As of year-end, we had nearly 39 million 
connected devices on our network.

0.85%

U.S. wireless

delivered the best-ever 
full-year postpaid phone 
churn in company history

Entertainment Group, our second-largest segment, generated revenues  
of $50.7 billion in 2017. Our Entertainment business continues to find ways to 
serve customer demand across traditional linear TV and streaming video services. 
The linear TV industry headwinds we faced in 2017 were partly offset by the 
accelerating subscriber growth of our DIRECTV NOW streaming service. We expect 
DIRECTV NOW to continue to grow this year as we roll out our next-generation 
video streaming platform.

09

We’re running a familiar play here – managing the transition to new technology and 
products. We’re further enhancing the DIRECTV NOW product, which we expect will 
drive higher customer engagement and retention, additional revenues and higher 
product margins. We also continued to grow our IP broadband subscriber base, 
supported by the ongoing expansion of our high-speed internet footprint.

Our U.S. wireless operations continued to operate in an intensely competitive 
market, but finished the year with best-ever full-year postpaid phone churn. 
That performance further validated the success of our consumer mobility strategy: 
provide premium content experiences with seamless connectivity.

International generated combined 2017 revenues of $8.3 billion across our wireless 
operations in Mexico and our DIRECTV Latin America business. As Mexico’s fastest-
growing wireless provider, we added 3 million subscribers in 2017, for a total of 15 
million customers. Our 4G LTE network now covers 96 million people in Mexico. 
Meanwhile, our DIRECTV operations in Latin America experienced healthy cash 
flow and profitability, and grew subscribers for the first time since we acquired the 
business in 2015.

capital
allocation

Our approach to allocating and investing capital is guided by 2 major priorities: 
investing for growth and providing a consistent cash return to you, our owners, 
through a methodical dividend policy.

Over the past 5 years (2013-2017), AT&T’s total investment in the United States, 
including capital investment and acquisitions of spectrum and wireless operations, 
was more than $135 billion – more than any other public company.

As for returning cash to our owners, I’m proud to say that our strong cash flows 
and outlook for the business in 2017 allowed us to raise our quarterly dividend for 
the 34th consecutive year. Looking ahead, our pending acquisition of Time Warner 
should only improve our dividend coverage ratio. 
 
As you saw in our full-year 2017 results, we met our guidance for free cash flow  
even as we used about $1 billion in discretionary spending to invest in our 
employees and retirees. As I mentioned, tax reform legislation allowed us to  
make an $800 million voluntary contribution to further fund our health care 
benefits. Also as a result of tax reform, we provided more than $200 million  
in special bonuses to more than 200,000 of our front-line U.S. employees. 

Dividend

We raised our quarterly 
dividend for the 34th 
consecutive year

10  

$1B

Invested in our people 
following tax reform –

$800 million to fund health 
care benefits and a total 
of more than $200 million 
in special bonuses to more 
than 200,000 front-line 

U.S. employees

And, with the preferred equity interest in AT&T Mobility that we contributed  
to our pension plan in 2012, the plan is nearly fully funded.

Ours is a capital-intensive industry, and we believe our ability to continue to 
invest aggressively in our network gives us a competitive advantage. To ensure 
we continue to have access to the capital markets at competitive rates, we’re 
committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and investment-grade  
credit metrics.

And that won’t change after we close the Time Warner deal. By the end of the  
first year after close, we continue to expect net debt to adjusted EBITDA to be in 
the 2.5 range. We also have not changed our expectation that our debt to EBITDA  
ratios will return to our historical levels by the end of the fourth year after close.

As we prepare for the future, we know that allocating and investing capital is 
critical to generating value for you, our owners. And for that reason, we tie  
most of our executive team’s compensation to achieving a targeted return on 
invested capital. Rest assured, we have a laser-like focus on providing returns  
on your investment.

financial
outlook

In last year’s letter, I told you that we expected to deliver continued revenue 
growth, adjusted earnings per share growth and operating margin expansion.  
We delivered on EPS growth, operating margin expansion and free cash flow 
growth. However, the intensity of competition required us to make a number  
of pricing moves in our mobility and new video offerings. As a result, our  
revenues declined for the year.

That said, we enter 2018 with optimism. Looking ahead to the coming year, the 
pending Time Warner deal and the new accounting standards will impact our 
financial results. But on a standalone and comparable basis to 2017, we expect:

  Adjusted EPS in the $3.50 range;2 
  Free cash flow of about $21 billion; and,
  Capital expenditures approaching $25 billion; $23 billion net of expected  

FirstNet reimbursements and inclusive of $1 billion incremental tax  
reform investment.

11

in
closing

I have great confidence in the future of AT&T. My optimism flows from our amazing 
employees, as I’ve watched everything they accomplished and how much they 
gave of themselves over the course of the year. The women and men of AT&T dealt 
with an unprecedented string of natural disasters, from the wildfires in California 
to the earthquakes in Mexico to hurricanes in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico. They 
worked tirelessly to restore service. But they also gave amazing support to the 
communities even as they themselves were dealing with such significant loss.  
Through it all, they stayed true to the values our company is built on. And they 
proved once again that, for the people of AT&T, this isn’t just a job – it’s a mission 
to serve.

                   “We have a board with the right mix of 
   backgrounds, perspectives and skill sets to 
provide informed counsel on strategic moves 

in a rapidly changing industry.”

For a number of years now, we’ve deliberately built a talented and diverse board 
of directors with deep expertise in critical areas – from technology and capital 
markets, to public affairs and marketing. We have a board with the right mix of 
backgrounds, perspectives and skill sets to provide informed counsel on strategic 
moves in a rapidly changing industry. The board thoroughly reviews and approves 
our strategic plans in multiple sessions throughout the year. Those sessions 
encourage extensive discussion and debate to ensure that our management 
team is executing against the right strategy. Also, our board provides oversight 
and direction on the policies, practices and goals that further our social and 
environmental responsibility efforts. 

Our board is complemented by the best management team in the industry. It’s a 
team that brings together some of the sharpest minds around, with a wealth of 
knowledge about our business and a relentless passion for continuously  
improving our operations and creating shareholder value. 

Thank you for your continued confidence in AT&T.

Sincerely,

Randall Stephenson
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, AT&T Inc. 
February 12, 2018

12

stockholder
information

TOLL-FREE STOCKHOLDER HOTLINE 
Call us at 1-800-351-7221 between 8 a.m. 
and 7 p.m. Central Time, Monday through 
Friday (TDD 1-888-403-9700) for help with: 

 Common stock account inquiries
 Requests for assistance with your common 
stock account, including stock transfers
 Information on The DirectSERVICE™ 
Investment Program for Stockholders of 
AT&T Inc. (sponsored and administered by 
Computershare Trust Company, N.A.)

WRITTEN STOCKHOLDER REQUESTS
Please mail all account inquiries and other 
requests for assistance regarding your 
stock ownership to:
AT&T Inc. 
c/o Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
P.O. Box 505005 
Louisville, KY 40233-5005
You may also reach the transfer agent for AT&T 
Inc. at att@computershare.com or visit the 
website at www.computershare.com/att 

DIRECTSERVICE INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
The DirectSERVICE Investment Program for 
Stockholders of AT&T Inc. is sponsored and 
administered by Computershare Trust  
Company, N.A. The program allows current 
stockholders to reinvest dividends, purchase 
additional AT&T Inc. stock or enroll in an 
individual retirement account. For more 
information, call 1-800-351-7221. 

STOCK TRADING INFORMATION 
AT&T Inc. is listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange. Ticker symbol: T

INFORMATION ON THE INTERNET
Information about AT&T Inc. is available 
on the internet at www.att.com 

ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders 
will be held at 9 a.m. local time Friday, 
April 27, 2018, at:

Moody Performance Hall 
2520 Flora Street 
Dallas, TX 75201 

SEC FILINGS
AT&T Inc.’s U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings, including the latest 
10-K and proxy statement, are available 
on our website at https://investors.att.com

INVESTOR RELATIONS
Securities analysts and other members of 
the professional financial community may 
contact the Investor Relations staff as listed 
on our website at https://investors.att.com 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Ernst & Young LLP 
2323 Victory Ave., Suite 2000 
Dallas, TX 75219 

CORPORATE OFFICES AND 
NON-STOCKHOLDER INQUIRIES

AT&T Inc. 
208 S. Akard St. 
Dallas, TX 75202 
210-821-4105

1Reconciliation of free cash flow ($ in millions)

Net cash provided by operating activities

Capital expenditures

Free cash flow

2015
$35,880

$20,015

$15,865

2016
$39,344

$22,408

$16,936

2017
$39,151

$21,550

$17,601

2Adjustments include a non-cash mark-to-market benefit plan gain/loss, merger-related interest expense, merger integration 
and amortization costs and other adjustments. We expect the mark-to-market adjustment, which is driven by interest rates and 
investment returns that are not reasonably estimable at this time, to be the largest of these items. Accordingly, we cannot provide 
a reconciliation between forecasted adjusted diluted EPS and reported diluted EPS without unreasonable effort. 

©2018 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the AT&T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of 
AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All brands, product names, company names, trademarks and service 
marks are the properties of their respective owners. 

Annual Report printed on paper containing  
10% post-consumer recycled content

AT&T INC. 

208 S. Akard Street, Dallas, Texas 75202 

      

