Bank of America Corporation 
2017 Annual Report

OUR PURPOSE: 
TO HELP MAKE 
FINANCIAL LIVES 
BETTER, 
THROUGH THE 
POWER OF EVERY 
CONNECTION

CONTENTS

A letter from Chairman and CEO  
Brian Moynihan 
2–9

A message from Lead Independent Director  
Jack Bovender 
8

Living our purpose 
10–11

High-touch, high-tech 
12–13

Delivering the bank in Dallas 
14–19

A conversation with Vice Chairman  
Anne Finucane 
20–21

Impact investing 
22–23

Global strength for global good 
24–25

Helping communities thrive 
26–27

Our employees 
28–29

ESG highlights 
30–31

Financial highlights 
32

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  1

2  |  THE POWER OF EVERY CONNECTION

A LETTER FROM 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO 
BRIAN MOYNIHAN

Dear shareholders,

We have committed to you that Bank of America will stay true to our 
course of responsible growth, and our 2017 financial results reflect that 
in every dimension. We grew revenue by 4 percent to $87 billion, and we 
increased earnings per share (EPS) by 5 percent to $1.56. Adjusting for 
the one-time charge from the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”), 
revenue was up 5 percent to $88 billion, EPS increased 23 percent to $1.83. 

I will discuss in further detail below the overall impact of the Tax Act and 
how we view the anticipated long-term benefits. 

Responsible growth also delivered for you, our shareholders. In 2017, we 
returned $15.9 billion in capital through common dividends and net share 
repurchases —  nearly 90 percent of net income —  up from $6.6 billion in 
2016. Total shareholder return was 35.7 percent for 2017 and, as you can 
see in the chart on page 32, we outperformed major benchmarks. Our 
market valuation continues to grow, increasing by $82 billion in 2017 and 
standing near $330 billion as I write this. 

Our financial metrics also improved. Adjusted for the impact of the tax 
legislation mentioned earlier, return on tangible common equity grew 
150 basis points to 11 percent, well above our estimated cost of capital of 
9 percent, and our return on assets rose 12 basis points to 0.93 percent. 
Our efficiency ratio further improved to 63 percent. Tangible book value 
per share, which measures the value we are creating for you, hit $16.96 
at the end of 2017. In 2018, we expect continued improvement on all of 
these metrics. 

I am proud of the countless ways our 209,000 teammates delivered in 
2017, but what I want to emphasize for you is that we grew the right 
way —  we drove responsible growth. We stuck with our approach and 
didn’t reach beyond our customer and risk frameworks for short-term 

RESPONSIBLE GROWTH:
HOW WE RUN OUR COMPANY

Put simply, not every dollar is a good 
dollar, unless it comes from activities that 
satisfy a customer need and fit our risk 
parameters, and that has to be sustainable  
over time. We are here to live our purpose: 
To help make financial lives better through 
the power of every connection.

Responsible Growth has four tenets:

Grow and win in the market, no excuses

Grow with our customer-focused strategy

Grow within our risk framework

Grow in a sustainable manner:  

•  Be a great place to work for  

our teammates

•  Shared success (all of our  

ESG commitments)

•  Operational excellence

Look for a more detailed discussion of 
these tenets throughout this report.

gains. And we continued to invest in our teammates,  
our communities, and improving our company 
through operational excellence, so our growth would  
be sustainable.

WE REMAIN COMMITTED TO RETURNING CAPITAL

Before I highlight the results from our customer 
and client businesses, I want to touch on a point 
I discussed in some detail in last year’s letter. As I 
outlined last year, the number of shares outstand-
ing, on a fully diluted basis, peaked at 11.6 billion, 
driven by the more than 7 billion common shares 
we issued for acquisitions and shares we issued to 
stabilize the company during the Great Recession.  

We will continue to bring the share count down 
as we focus on returning excess capital to you. 
At the end of 2017, we reduced our fully diluted 

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  3

shares to 10.5 billion shares —  a decline 
of more than 1 billion shares from the 
peak. Continuing on that path is a priority 
for us, and we plan to proceed with share 
buybacks and dividend increases based 
on our continued progress as measured 
through the annual Federal Reserve 
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and 
Review (CCAR) process.

Returning capital to shareholders does 
not prevent us from making loans as some 
suggest. We simply have more capital than  
we need to meet today’s requirements, 
and we can grow without using more for 
the foreseeable future. We have plenty 
of capital to serve our customers and 
clients’ needs. 

 

2017 RETURN ON AVERAGE 
TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY

Return on common  

equity 6.7%

Reported ROTCE 9.4%1

Adj. ROTCE 

11.0%1,2

2017 RETURN ON 
AVERAGE ASSETS

Reported ROA 

0.80%

Adj. ROA 
0.93%2

1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure
2 Adjusted to exclude the initial impacts of the Tax Act

4  |  THE POWER OF EVERY CONNECTION

DRIVING ECONOMIC GROWTH BY SERVING CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS 

Now, I’d like to highlight how we delivered for our three groups of customers: people, 
companies, and institutional investors.

In 2017, our Consumer Banking business, which serves one in two U.S. households and 
millions of small business clients, earned $8.2 billion in after-tax net income on revenue of 
$35 billion, up 14 percent and 9 percent, respectively, from the prior year. Our growth was 
broad-based; deposits grew by $54 billion, or 9 percent, to $653 billion, and we grew loans 
by $20 billion, or 8 percent, to $266 billion. And, even though rising interest rates tempered 
demand for mortgage refinancing, we originated $68 billion in mortgages in 2017. 

After years of investment, Bank of America is the digital banking leader, with 35 million 
digital customers, including 25 million active mobile banking users. In 2017, our mobile 
banking app became the first to be certified by J.D. Power. Importantly, these customers 
logged in to our mobile app more than 1.3 billion times in 2017.

We process millions of transactions daily for our customers and clients. One area of 
significant growth is person-to-person (P2P) payments. We are a leader in payments via 
Zelle. While some 60 financial institutions are in the Zelle network, a third of all trans-
actions in 2017 were conducted by Bank of America customers. Our P2P transactions 
more than doubled in 2017. The Zelle capability is integrated into Bank of America’s 
mobile app and allows our customers to make payments easily and securely, and even 
split payments to different recipients. The rapid adoption of Zelle enhances the  
customer experience and also helps us reduce the costs and risks associated with paper 
checks and cash transactions. 

Let me take a moment to explain why digital technology is so important to our future. 

For years, we have focused on redefining retail banking and improving the customer 
experience, both in our financial centers and through our digital platforms. We call this 
approach “high-touch, high-tech,” because it describes how we are following customer 
behavior to combine improvements in our 4,500 financial centers and new digital  
capabilities to enhance the overall customer experience however customers choose to  
engage with us. In addition to advances in our digital and mobile capabilities, which have 
resulted in digital sales comprising 30 percent of total sales, we are investing to refresh 
those centers and ATMs, and we are opening new financial centers in areas where we are 
serving customers and clients but have no retail presence, or too few centers.

In the map on page 5, you can see the markets where we have begun adding financial  
centers, and where we will be doing so in the near future. Last year, we also added 
more than 800 small business bankers, mortgage specialists, financial advisors, and 
other experts in our financial centers. Even with these investments, and with customer 
satisfaction levels at or near all-time highs, the efficiency ratio in our Consumer busi-
ness —  which measures what it costs to generate a dollar in revenue —  improved by more 
than 4 percentage points in 2017 to 52 percent. 

Turning to our Global Wealth and Investment Management business, we serve afflu-
ent and wealthy investor clients through the two leading brands in wealth management: 
Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust. This business delivered $3 billion in after-tax net income 
on $19 billion in revenue in 2017, generating a 27 percent pretax margin. These results 
reflect years of investment and attention to serving the needs of our clients. 

In 2017, we saw assets under management (AUM) flows of nearly $100 billion as clients 
continued to trust us to manage their investments. It’s also worth noting that, in the 
fourth quarter of 2017, loans to clients in this business grew by $11 billion, or 7 percent, 
over the fourth quarter of 2016, marking the 31st consecutive quarter of loan growth. 
The value of the integrated capabilities we offer our clients continues to deliver returns 
for our shareholders. By enhancing the client experience, and bringing to bear all that 
our enterprise has to offer to help clients achieve their goals, we’re deepening relation-
ships and gaining new ones.

Albany/Hudson Valley     Amarillo     Asheville     Atlanta     Augusta     Austin     Bakersfield     Buffalo     Charleston/Hilton Head     Charlotte     Charlottesville     Chicago     Cleveland     

Coastal North Carolina     Columbia     Dallas     Daytona/Cocoa Beach     Delaware     Denver     Detroit     El Paso     Fresno/Visalia     Ft. Lauderdale     Ft. Myers/Naples     Ft. Worth     

Grand Rapids     Greater Boston     Greater Maryland     Greater Sacramento     Greater Washington D.C.     Hampton Roads     Hartford     Houston     Indianapolis     Inland Empire     

Iowa     Jacksonville     Kansas City     Knoxville     Las Vegas     Little Rock     Long Island     Los Angeles     Maine     Memphis     Miami     Minneapolis/St. Paul     Monterey Bay     Myrtle 

Beach     Napa, Marin & Sonoma     Nashville     New Hampshire     New Jersey     New Mexico     New York City     Fayetteville     Ohio     Oklahoma City     Orange County     Orlando     

Philadelphia     Phoenix     Pittsburgh     Portland/Vancouver     Reno     Rhode Island     Richmond     Rochester     San Antonio     San Diego     San Francisco/East Bay     San Luis Obispo     

Sarasota/Manatee     Savannah     Seattle     Silicon Valley     Southern Connecticut     Spokane/Boise     St. Louis     Syracuse/Utica     Tallahassee     Tampa Bay     Treasure Coast     

Greensboro/High Point/Winston-Salem     Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill     Tucson     Tulsa     Upstate South Carolina     Ventura/Santa Barbara     West Palm Beach     Wichita     Worcester

Albany/Hudson Valley     Amarillo     Asheville     Atlanta     Augusta     Austin     Bakersfield     Buffalo     Charleston/Hilton Head     Charlotte     Charlottesville     Chicago     Cleveland     

Coastal North Carolina     Columbia     Dallas     Daytona/Cocoa Beach     Delaware     Denver     Detroit     El Paso     Fresno/Visalia     Ft. Lauderdale     Ft. Myers/Naples     Ft. Worth     

Grand Rapids     Greater Boston     Greater Maryland     Greater Sacramento     Greater Washington DC     Hampton Roads     Hartford     Houston     Indianapolis     Inland Empire     Iowa     

Jacksonville     Kansas City     Knoxville     Las Vegas     Little Rock     Long Island     Los Angeles     Maine     Memphis     Miami     Minneapolis/St. Paul     Monterey Bay     Myrtle 

Beach     Napa, Marin & Sonoma     Nashville     New Hampshire     New Jersey     New Mexico     New York City     Fayetteville      Ohio     Oklahoma City     Orange County     Orlando     

Philadelphia     Phoenix     Pittsburgh     Portland/Vancouver     Reno     Rhode Island     Richmond     Rochester     San Antonio     San Diego     San Francisco/East Bay     San Luis Obispo     

Sarasota/Manatee     Savannah     Seattle     Silicon Valley     Southern Connecticut     Spokane/Boise     St. Louis     Syracuse/Utica     Tallahassee     Tampa Bay     Treasure Coast     

Greensboro/High Point/Winston-Salem     Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill     Tucson     Tulsa     Upstate South Carolina     Ventura/Santa Barbara     West Palm Beach     Wichita     Worcester

Albany/Hudson Valley     Amarillo     Asheville     Atlanta     Augusta     Austin     Bakersfield     Buffalo     Charleston/Hilton Head     Charlotte     Charlottesville     Chicago     Cleveland     

Coastal North Carolina     Columbia     Dallas     Daytona/Cocoa Beach     Delaware     Denver     Detroit     El Paso     Fresno/Visalia     Ft. Lauderdale     Ft. Myers/Naples     Ft. Worth     

Grand Rapids     Greater Boston     Greater Maryland     Greater Sacramento     Greater Washington DC     Hampton Roads     Hartford     Houston     Indianapolis     Inland Empire     Iowa     

Jacksonville     Kansas City     Knoxville     Las Vegas     Little Rock     Long Island     Los Angeles     Maine     Memphis     Miami     Minneapolis/St. Paul     Monterey Bay     Myrtle Beach     

Napa, Marin & Sonoma     Nashville     New Hampshire     New Jersey     New Mexico     New York City     Fayetteville     Ohio     Oklahoma City     Orange County     Orlando     Philadelphia     

Phoenix     Pittsburgh     Portland/Vancouver     Reno     Rhode Island     Richmond     Rochester     San Antonio     San Diego     San Francisco/East Bay     San Luis Obispo     Sarasota/

Manatee     Savannah     Seattle     Silicon Valley     Southern Connecticut     Spokane/Boise     St. Louis     Syracuse/Utica     Tallahassee     Tampa Bay     Treasure Coast     Greensboro/

High Point/Winston-Salem     Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill     Tucson     Tulsa     Upstate South Carolina     Ventura/Santa Barbara     West Palm Beach     Wichita     Worcester

Albany/Hudson Valley     Amarillo     Asheville     Atlanta     Augusta     Austin     Bakersfield     Buffalo     Charleston/Hilton Head     Charlotte     Charlottesville     Chicago     Cleveland     

Coastal North Carolina     Columbia     Dallas     Daytona/Cocoa Beach     Delaware     Denver     Detroit     El Paso     Fresno/Visalia     Ft. Lauderdale     Ft. Myers/Naples     Ft. Worth     

Grand Rapids     Greater Boston     Greater Maryland     Greater Sacramento     Greater Washington D.C.     Hampton Roads     Hartford     Houston     Indianapolis     Inland Empire     

Iowa     Jacksonville     Kansas City     Knoxville     Las Vegas     Little Rock     Long Island     Los Angeles     Maine     Memphis     Miami     Minneapolis/St. Paul     Monterey Bay     Myrtle 

Beach     Napa, Marin & Sonoma     Nashville     New Hampshire     New Jersey     New Mexico     New York City     Fayetteville     Ohio     Oklahoma City     Orange County     Orlando     

Philadelphia     Phoenix     Pittsburgh     Portland/Vancouver     Reno     Rhode Island     Richmond     Rochester     San Antonio     San Diego     San Francisco/East Bay     San Luis Obispo     

Sarasota/Manatee     Savannah     Seattle     Silicon Valley     Southern Connecticut     Spokane/Boise     St. Louis     Syracuse/Utica     Tallahassee     Tampa Bay     Treasure Coast     

Greensboro/High Point/Winston-Salem     Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill     Tucson     Tulsa     Upstate South Carolina     Ventura/Santa Barbara     West Palm Beach     Wichita     Worcester

Albany/Hudson Valley     Amarillo     Asheville     Atlanta     Augusta     Austin     Bakersfield     Buffalo     Charleston/Hilton Head     Charlotte     Charlottesville     Chicago     Cleveland     

Coastal North Carolina     Columbia     Dallas     Daytona/Cocoa Beach     Delaware     Denver     Detroit     El Paso     Fresno/Visalia     Ft. Lauderdale     Ft. Myers/Naples     Ft. Worth     

Cleveland, Ohio

Grand Rapids     Greater Boston     Greater Maryland     Greater Sacramento     Greater Washington D.C.     Hampton Roads     Hartford     Houston     Indianapolis     Inland Empire     

Iowa     Jacksonville     Kansas City     Knoxville     Las Vegas     Little Rock     Long Island     Los Angeles     Maine     Memphis     Miami     Minneapolis/St. Paul     Monterey Bay     Myrtle 

Columbus, Ohio

Beach     Napa, Marin & Sonoma     Nashville     New Hampshire     New Jersey     New Mexico     New York City     Fayetteville     Ohio     Oklahoma City     Orange County     Orlando     

Denver, Colorado

Philadelphia     Phoenix     Pittsburgh     Portland/Vancouver     Reno     Rhode Island     Richmond     Rochester     San Antonio     San Diego     San Francisco/East Bay     San Luis Obispo     

Sarasota/Manatee     Savannah     Seattle     Silicon Valley     Southern Connecticut     Spokane/Boise     St. Louis     Syracuse/Utica     Tallahassee     Tampa Bay     Treasure Coast     

Indianapolis, Indiana

Greensboro/High Point/Winston-Salem     Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill     Tucson     Tulsa     Upstate South Carolina     Ventura/Santa Barbara     West Palm Beach     Wichita     Worcester

Albany/Hudson Valley     Amarillo     Asheville     Atlanta     Augusta     Austin     Bakersfield     Buffalo     Charleston/Hilton Head     Charlotte     Charlottesville     Chicago     Cleveland     

Coastal North Carolina     Columbia     Dallas     Daytona/Cocoa Beach     Delaware     Denver     Detroit     El Paso     Fresno/Visalia     Ft. Lauderdale     Ft. Myers/Naples     Ft. Worth     

Minneapolis, Minnesota

Grand Rapids     Greater Boston     Greater Maryland     Greater Sacramento     Greater Washington D.C.     Hampton Roads     Hartford     Houston     Indianapolis     Inland Empire     

Bank of America has over 
4,500 financial centers 
throughout the United States.

Iowa     Jacksonville     Kansas City     Knoxville     Las Vegas     Little Rock     Long Island     Los Angeles     Maine     Memphis     Miami     Minneapolis/St. Paul     Monterey Bay     Myrtle 

Beach     Napa, Marin & Sonoma     Nashville     New Hampshire     New Jersey     New Mexico     New York City     Fayetteville     Ohio     Oklahoma City     Orange County     Orlando     

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Salt Lake City, Utah

Philadelphia     Phoenix     Pittsburgh     Portland/Vancouver     Reno     Rhode Island     Richmond     Rochester     San Antonio     San Diego     San Francisco/East Bay     San Luis Obispo     

Sarasota/Manatee     Savannah     Seattle     Silicon Valley     Southern Connecticut     Spokane/Boise     St. Louis     Syracuse/Utica     Tallahassee     Tampa Bay     Treasure Coast     

Greensboro/High Point/Winston-Salem     Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill     Tucson     Tulsa     Upstate South Carolina     Ventura/Santa Barbara     West Palm Beach     Wichita     Worcester

Albany/Hudson Valley     Amarillo     Asheville     Atlanta     Augusta     Austin     Bakersfield     Buffalo     Charleston/Hilton Head     Charlotte     Charlottesville     Chicago     Cleveland     

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  5

Lexington, Kentucky

NEW FINANCIAL  
CENTER MARKETS

Cincinnati, Ohio

Our Global Banking business serves clients from medium-sized businesses to the 
largest companies in the world. Global Banking set several records in 2017, including  
revenue of $20 billion and after-tax net income of $7 billion. Full-year earnings were up 
21 percent on strong operating leverage, as revenue rose 8 percent, while expenses  
rose only 1 percent. That is the kind of operating leverage our operational excellence 
can deliver.

We are investing in this business as well, including technology to improve the client 
experience and hiring additional bankers. Over the past few years, we have added more 
than 400 bankers to our Global Banking team in markets across the United States as 
we continued to deepen local relationships with our commercial clients. This investment  
paid off for us in many ways in 2017. For example, overall investment banking fees rose 
15 percent in 2017 to $6 billion. We were gratified to see a 30 percent growth in fees 
from middle-market investment banking.

Global Markets serves our corporate clients and the largest institutional investors in 
the world. We saw solid, stable performance despite a challenging low volatility trading 
environment. This business generated $16 billion in revenue and $3.3 billion in after-tax 
net income. 

Let me share a few observations about how we operate this business. We serve clients 
around the world who want to raise capital and hedge risks. When markets are volatile 
and clients are trying to manage their business, they turn to us for help. When markets 
are stable and there is less client activity or volatility, our revenues may be lower, as we 
saw in 2017.

We have positioned this business to deliver steady and sustainable returns in either sce-
nario, while taking less risk. Over the years, our performance bears that out. In 2017, total 
sales and trading revenue, excluding debit valuation adjustments, was $13.2 billion, down 
3 percent from the prior year. However, across the past five years and with all of the vol-
atility in markets and trading activities during that period, Global Markets has delivered 
sales and trading revenue within a range of $12.9 billion and $13.6 billion. This relative sta-
bility reflects our leadership positions across multiple products and our ability to maintain 
the appropriate business mix during market shifts. Reflecting that stability and solid risk 
management, Global Markets made money every single trading day in 2017. Over the last 
five years, we made money in Global Markets on 98 percent of trading days. 

RESPONSIBLE GROWTH THAT 
IS SUSTAINABLE

Looking at our 2017 business results, 
you can see that we remained true 
to our responsible growth strategy: 
We grew by focusing on serving our 
customers and clients and managing 
risk well. 

We also are focused on achieving 
growth that is sustainable.  
Sustainability has three key compo-
nents: Being the best place to work 
for our team, sharing our success, 
and operational excellence. To share 
success, we focus on our environ-
mental, social, and governance (ESG) 
activities; responsible corporate gov-
ernance practices; our $125 billion 
environmental initiative; our philan-
thropy; and many other activities.  

Our ESG work includes the many 
ways we share our success by driving 
growth in the communities we serve. 
In 2017, we provided $4.5 billion in 
loans, tax credit equity investments 
and other real estate development 
solutions through Community 
Development Banking. We financed 
affordable housing, charter schools, 
health care and economic devel-
opment across the United States, 
including 12,000 affordable housing 
units, nearly 5,000 of which went 

6  |  THE POWER OF EVERY CONNECTION

to seniors, military veterans and the  
formerly homeless. We deployed capital  
in many other ways to strengthen our  
communities, including $200 million in  
philanthropic giving. Also, our teammates 
spent 2 million hours supporting and 
volunteering with local organizations 
and chapters. It gives me great pride to 
see what the teams are doing in all our 
markets.

You can read more about how we are 
supporting communities throughout this 
report, including the four-page feature, 
beginning on page 16.

Sustainability has an element of opera-
tional excellence, continuing to improve 
our company and reinvesting those savings 
into future capabilities. Through prior 
initiatives, including our “New BAC” work 
in 2011 and our ongoing Simplify and 
Improve (SIM) program, we have simplified  
our company and made it easier for our  
teammates to serve customers and clients.  
We have unlocked savings that we have 
invested back into the company to innovate  
and improve our capabilities; an example 
of this is the addition of specialists in 
our financial centers, and more commercial  
and corporate bankers to serve local 
markets, which I discussed earlier.  

As we have continued to invest in oper-
ational excellence, we have reduced the 
amount we spend each year by $26 billion 
since 2011. In 2016, we set a target of 
approximately $53 billion in annualized 
expenses for 2018, which we have reached. 
At the same time, our customer satisfac-
tion scores are at pre-crisis levels, and 
improving.

 

INVESTING IN OUR TEAM TO BE A GREAT 
PLACE TO WORK 

Another component of being sustainable 
is our commitment to be a great place 
to work. In 2017, we demonstrated that 
commitment in several ways.  

At the beginning of 2017, we reached 
the $15 per hour starting compensation 
level after years of regular increases for 
U.S. teammates. I’m pleased to see that 
other companies have followed suit more 
recently, influenced by the passage of the 

Tax Act in the United States. We will continue to review and adjust our start-
ing wage as part of our commitment to fair and equitable compensation for 
all of our teammates. 

Please look for additional discussion in this report from Sheri Bronstein, 
Global Human Resources executive, about our compensation and benefits, 
including career development and learning, and other initiatives to help 
our teammates see Bank of America as a great place to work. Sheri’s note 
also describes our industry-leading work on health care and wellness for 
our team.  

SHARING THE BENEFITS OF U.S. TAX REFORM

Earlier, I mentioned that there was a one-time charge to our 2017 earnings 
from the Tax Act. However, there are many benefits from tax reform that I 
want to discuss. These benefits impact how we will invest in the future and 
deliver returns to you.  

The backdrop for this discussion is the solid economic growth our experts 
expect in 2018. As I write this letter, our economists expect about 
2.7 percent growth in the U.S. economy, with the unemployment rate  
hovering at 4 percent or perhaps even lower. The driver continues to be the 
consumer, and so far in 2018, we see healthy consumer activity, with Bank 
of America credit and debit card spending up strongly so far this year. Our 
business clients are showing confidence in a more stable and predictable 
regulatory environment than in recent years.

When I think about the impact of the Tax Act, it starts with the broader  
benefits to the U.S. economy. By lowering the corporate rate to 21 percent 
from 35 percent, and by creating a territorial tax system where corporate 
earnings are taxed at the rate of the jurisdiction in which they are earned,  
the Tax Act allows companies to make business decisions less dependent 
on the tax considerations necessitated by the prior imbalance in rates 
between the United States and the rest of the world. This levels the playing 
field for U.S. companies and impacts their decisions.

In discussions with clients who are CEOs of companies headquartered 
abroad, I’ve been struck by a common theme. The United States is an 
attractive market for them, with solid consumer demand, highly skilled 
workers, stable rule of law, plentiful and predictable energy availability, 
and other factors. Even so, prior to the Tax Act reforms, these clients  
had no choice but to base investment decisions on the tax effects of  
different rates around the world. With the U.S. corporate rate better 
aligned with that of other countries, these CEOs now are considering how 
to invest in manufacturing and production in the U.S., where the final 
demand for their products remains so strong because the U.S. consumer 
economy is so healthy. 

We’re seeing other economic benefits from tax reform as well. Hundreds 
of U.S. companies have provided bonuses, wage increases, and increased 
matches to retirement savings plans to millions of American workers. At 
Bank of America, more than 90 percent of employees have received a one-
time payment as a direct result of U.S. tax reform, impacting about 180,000 
teammates in the U.S. and overseas. In addition, we will continue to invest 
in our company in a balanced way that focuses on improving our connection 
with customers, while increasing our competitiveness and sustainability. 
We are expanding our financial center presence, as I discussed earlier. We 
are investing in new technology and innovation across all our businesses. 

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  7

A MESSAGE 
FROM LEAD 
INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR  
JACK 
BOVENDER

Dear shareholders,

Thank you for your investment in Bank of America. Our CEO, the  
management team, and I, on behalf of the independent directors  
of your company, are pleased to report that our approach to  
responsible growth produced solid returns for investors in 2017.  
Bank of America earned $18 billion, and given our solid capital  
position, we were able to return almost all of those profits  
to you through common stock dividends and share repurchases.  
We thank you for the faith and confidence you have entrusted  
in us. The Board of Directors remains focused on enhancing the  
company’s position to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. 
To do this, the independent directors engage regularly with Brian 
and the company’s management team, business leaders and  
functional support executives (risk, human resources, audit and  
finance) about the issues the company faces and the environment  
in which we operate. These discussions assist our ability to assess  
the company’s performance and to highlight areas of focus as  
part of our Board meetings and annual strategic planning process. 
Each fall, the Board and the senior management team meet  
for an intensive planning session to review progress, discuss our 
business opportunities and challenges, and approve the long-term 
strategic plan. The directors also meet regularly throughout the 
year with shareholders to solicit their views and input on a variety 
of topics, including the company’s financial performance; corporate 
governance and Board practices; environmental, social and gover-
nance (ESG) priorities; executive compensation; and other areas 
of investor focus. In the past year, we engaged with shareholders 
representing more than 30 percent of our outstanding shares, 
which gave us a broad understanding of shareholder priorities and 
concerns. I look forward to continuing these discussions in 2018. 
On behalf of the Board and the management team, I thank you for 
choosing to invest in Bank of America.

Sincerely,

Jack Bovender

8  |  THE POWER OF EVERY CONNECTION

All these investments create jobs, too. We will 
look to these and other areas as we continue 
to grow and the benefits of tax reform play 
out. As these benefits are realized, it is also 
important that we retain our long-term focus 
on addressing the federal debt and ensuring 
the U.S. remains a fiscally strong, competitive 
global leader.

COMMITTED TO STRONG 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Let me conclude by discussing how the man-
agement team and the Board of Directors 
work together to advance your investment 
in Bank of America. Effective corporate gov-
ernance is a tenet for sustaining responsible 
growth. You are represented by a strong 
independent Board. Our Lead Independent 
Director, Jack Bovender, and the other 
directors meet regularly with management, 
regulators, and shareholders to review how 
we are implemen ting responsible growth 
and executing our strategy of serving three 
groups of clients with our integrated financial 
services capabilities. 

Throughout the year, the Board meets with 
management to oversee risk management and 
governance, and carry out other important 
duties directly and through Board commit-
tees that have strong, experienced chairs and 
members. In addition, the management team 
and the Board meet to review in detail ongoing 
results and issues needing deeper discussion. 
The Board and committees also give regular 
input to us about topics of interest which 
require additional conversation. In late fall, we 
hold an extended session over several days to 
review the three-year strategic plan and make 
adjustments based on the operating environ-
ment, markets, and other opportunities. See 
Jack’s note for his discussion about the Board’s 
role in strategic planning. 

We are proud of the work our directors have 
done to increase diversity on our Board; we are 
one of only five companies in the S&P 100 to 
have five or more female board members. Our 
director recruiting process focuses on diversity 
of talent and perspective to ensure invigorating 
discourse among Board members and  
management. In 2017, we were pleased that 
Dr. Maria Zuber, the vice president for research 
at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
joined our Board. Dr. Zuber brings diverse 

REVENUE  ($B)

$87.5
$87.5

$87.4

$85.9
$85.9

$83.7
$83.7

$83.0
$83.0

2013
2013

2014
2014

2015
2015

2016
2016

2017
2017

NET INCOME ($B)

$17.8
$17.8

$18.2

$15.9
$15.9

$88
$88

$86
$86

$84
$84

$82
$82

$80
$80

$20
$20

$15
$15

$10
$10

$10.5
$10.5

$5
$5

$0
$0

$5.5
$5.5

2013
2013

2014
2014

2015
2015

2016
2016

2017
2017

“In 2017, we saw 
responsible 
growth at work 
for shareholders, 
customers and 
clients, the 
communities we 
serve, and our 
teammates.”

perspectives in several areas, including technology 
and risk management. In the short time she has 
been with us, we have already benefited from her 
unique talents and experience.

I encourage you to read more about our corporate 
governance activities in our 2018 Proxy Statement. 

 

LIVING OUR PURPOSE

In 2017, we saw responsible growth at work for 
shareholders, customers and clients, the commu-
nities we serve, and our teammates. We discuss 
this in greater detail in the following pages, where 
you’ll see many examples of how we are living our 
purpose: to help make financial lives better through 
the power of every connection.

Thank you for your support and your investment in 
Bank of America. I look forward to another strong 
year for our company. 

 

Brian Moynihan 
March 12, 2018

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  9

SIMPLY SOUTHERN: 
INVESTING IN 
A DREAM AND 
HELPING OTHERS 
DREAM, TOO

When Ginger Aydogdu decided to pursue her lifelong 
dream of selling specialty clothing, she was excited —  
and a little anxious.

“My first production facility was very, 
very small,” Ginger said. “We had 
one manual machine. I didn’t have 
enough employees. It was very scary, 
and I wasn’t sure we would survive.” 
Like many small businesses, Simply 
Southern started slowly. Ginger made 
$30 on the first day and $40 the next  
day. At that rate, there was no way  
she was going to make enough to pay  
the rent. But she stuck with it, and 
soon, she was fielding dozens of calls  
a day from retailers interested in 
selling her Southern-styled shirts  
and apparel. “It was a lot of hard 
work and determination, and all of a 
sudden, it finally paid off,” she said. 
“Retailers started to say, ‘oh yeah, this  
is a product we can sell and we can  
sell a lot of it.’” And so, a relationship 
that started with a small business loan  
from Bank of America turned into  
a multimillion dollar enterprise. A  
fledgling business in Greensboro, 
North Carolina, selling vibrant-colored  
T-shirts at trade shows became a 
global enterprise selling an array of  
products through 4,000 stores around  
the world. Before long, Simply Southern  
had outgrown its small business  
roots and turned to Bank of America 
Merrill Lynch for help. 

“We came into Ginger’s life at a time 
when her company was experiencing 
tremendous growth,” said Katherine 
Lockhart, Bank of America Merrill 
Lynch Business Banking executive. 
“We discussed how we could help her 
with her payables and receivables, 
financing buildings, and expanding into 
new markets. The company was doing 
very well and needed additional  
capabilities, not just for Ginger’s busi-
ness needs but also for the personal 
side.” “Ginger is a very philanthropic 
person,” said James Walsh, private 
client advisor at U.S. Trust, Private 
Wealth Management. “With many busi- 
ness owners, so much of their  
concentration is in one area — their 
business. We’re able to come in and 
provide a strategy to diversify their 
holdings and establish a legacy to help 
not only this generation, but successive 
generations as well.” James sat down 
with Ginger and mapped out a strat-
egy to manage her personal investing 
goals and ensure that she could fulfill 
another lifelong dream: working with 
children. Today, with Bank of America’s 
help, Ginger can focus on her business, 
her employees, and giving back to 
the community. And Simply Southern’s 
future is simply amazing.

10  |  BUSINESS BANKING / WEALTH MANAGEMENT / COMMERCIAL BANKING

TRADEPOINT ATLANTIC 

The world’s largest steel mill once operated on a 3,000-plus acre 
riverside point in southeast Baltimore, north of the United States 
Naval Academy and Chesapeake Bay. At its peak, the Bethlehem 
Steel mill employed tens of thousands of workers to meet global 
demand and serve an evolving American landscape. Its prod-
ucts can be found within the Golden Gate Bridge’s girders, the 
George Washington Bridge’s cabling, and armaments for U.S. 
forces from both world wars. The rise of imported steel and 
increased use of alternative materials led the mill to be shuttered 
in 2012. But today a partnership entitled Tradepoint Atlantic is 
redeveloping the project into the country’s largest multichan-
neled transportation and logistics hub, where brands such as 
FedEx, Under Armour, and Amazon will ship products by port, 
rail, and highway. Bank of America provided financing for the 
site. Independent analysis forecasts the creation of 17,000 jobs 
and a $3 billion economic impact for Baltimore and the state of 
Maryland. “We have been partners with Bank of America Merrill 
Lynch since the inception of our company,” said Kerry Doyle, 
Tradepoint Atlantic’s chief commercial officer. “They provided  
us construction financing for our two marquee buildings and 
have been integral in establishing the legitimacy of the project. 
Our relationship with Bank of America not only helped us reach 
the point where we proved the concept and developed more 
than 2 million square feet, it has us poised to continue that 
process, secure new business, and achieve the site’s potential.” 
 “We believe in Tradepoint Atlantic’s vision,” said Bank of America’s 
Paul Deschamps, senior relationship manager in the Global 
Banking and Markets real estate division. “From their innova-
tive business plan to their commitments to the community 
and environmental sustainability, we are fully aligned with 
their interests and look forward to continued collaboration.” 
For three decades, a star of Bethlehem, hand-crafted by steel-
workers and affixed to the mill’s blast furnace, was lit during the 
holidays. Today, the star is purposely reflected in the intersect-
ing lines of Tradepoint Atlantic’s corporate logo, and the actual 
reclaimed star has assumed a place of prominence within the 
development. “The Bethlehem Steel mill impacted this entire 
region,” said Bank of America Greater Maryland Market 
President Sabina Kelly, a Baltimore native. “Now, Tradepoint 
Atlantic is creating the next chapter, and we are proud to assist 
them as they do so.”

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  11

MEET EDITH CUNNINGHAM, 
FREQUENT ATM USER  
AT 101 

Edith Cunningham became a cus-
tomer of Bank of America when 
she worked on a military base 
in San Francisco during World 
War II. Fast forward to today, and 
a lot has changed. Customers 
can access their cash 24 hours a 
day through the ATM and even 
pay bills on their smart phones. 
Edith is learning about the new 
technology available and is a 
frequent ATM customer. The one 
thing that hasn’t changed is her 
financial philosophy, never spend 
more than you make! 

INNOVATIONS 
SHAPE THE 
FUTURE OF 
BANKING

A conversation with
Michelle Moore

Q: Digital banking used to be about convenience, now it’s about 

mobility. How did we get here?

A:  Our clients and their actions brought us to this inflection point. There are more  
customers who bank with us through mobile only than through desktop, and they 
are logging in at a rate of over 100 million sign-ins per week.  

Q: Are clients able to do everything on a smartphone that they can do 

in a financial center?

A:  With the exception of dealing with cash, clients can do everything including 

make payments, deposit checks, and open accounts right from their mobile phone. 
In addition, there are many value-added features available to clients in mobile, 
including the ability to check FICO scores, lock and unlock debit cards, and set 
up an appointment to meet with one of our specialists, to name a few.

Q: Where is Mobile Banking headed?
A:  We are living in a world dominated by voice interactions and the need for a paper-

less, cashless environment. Zelle® is a great example of helping our customers 
move to a cashless society; it’s a new person-to-person (P2P) payment service in 
our Mobile Banking app that we introduced in mid-2017. Zelle makes it easy, safe 
and fast for clients to send, receive and request money from almost anyone, with a 
bank account in the U.S. We saw total Zelle transactions hit nearly 68 million, and in 
the fourth quarter alone we processed more than 23 million transactions, totaling 
nearly $7 billion. We currently have 3 million active monthly users of Zelle, and we 
continue to add thousands of new users every day.

Q: Who is Erica?
A:  Erica is our virtual financial assistant, leveraging artificial intelligence and data to 

better help clients live their best financial lives. Clients can interact with Erica 
through voice and text, and she will help with their banking needs, like transferring  
money, finding key account information such as routing numbers, and locking and 
unlocking debit cards. More importantly, Erica will provide proactive insights 
to clients about trends in balances and notifications of upcoming bills. She has the  
ability to track transaction information such as how much customers spent on 
groceries last month, a subscription monitor to help them stay ahead of recurring 
subscriptions, card controls to proactively let them know where their card is being 
used for payments, and valuable insights on how to meet savings goals.

12  |  RETAIL AND PREFERRED BANKING

MINNESOTA —  
HIGH-TOUCH, HIGH-TECH 
IS THE FOUNDATION FOR 
GROWTH IN THE NORTH

It’s all about relationships 
here in the Twin Cities. 

Business can still get done on a handshake,  
and people like to work with people they 
know. That’s why our high-touch, high-tech   
approach works so well here —  no matter 
how clients choose to bank, we’re  
delivering great client care through every 
channel and in person, in a way that builds 
trust. And our high-tech platforms are 
simply best-in-class —  whether through our  
mobile access, ATM and Advanced Centers,  
or online, our clients are able to get their 
business done quickly, securely, and easily.  
When they need more than transac tions,  
though, like a question answered, a 
problem solved, a new idea on how to 
optimize their assets —  that’s where my 
team and I come in for the high-touch 
experience. Our new financial center feels 
more like a living room than a typical bank 
branch. It’s a comfortable and inviting 
place where we bring our clients together 
with the people who have the right exper-
tise, and offer products and services that 
can be combined into a unique solution 

just for them. Clients can get advice from 
an expert on all aspects of their financial 
life: homebuying, their small business, 
or investments to fund a robust retire-
ment or plan for college for their kids. 
High-touch, high-tech is how we provide 
personalized and sustainable coverage 
for our local community. It means that 
our clients can trust that we are here 
for them for the long term, that we care 
about the individual relationship we have 
with them, and that they can always 
reach someone they know to get the 
financial advice that they need. 

Catherine Simpson
Bank of America Market President
Minneapolis/St. Paul

PARTNERING TO MAKE 
HOMEOWNERSHIP 
A REALITY

Santos Vanegas Villatoro, a single  
father of three, had always dreamed 
of owning his own home, but he 
wasn’t sure he could afford it.

“I had saved enough for the down payment, but I wasn’t sure it 
would be enough to keep my mortgage payments the same as 
my monthly rent,” Santos said. “Plus, I wasn’t very familiar with 
the whole process of buying a home.” Through an innovative 
partnership between Bank of America and the Neighborhood 
Assistance Corporation of America (NACA), Santos was able 
to buy a home in Charlotte and keep his payments affordable. 
Bank of America’s Consumer Lending team is proud to help 
clients like Santos realize their dream of owning a home. It’s part 
of how we are investing in our communities and helping families 
and neighborhoods create prosperity.

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  13

14

15

LEGACY WEST: BRINGING THE NEW 
URBANISM TO NORTH TEXAS

In 1978, Fehmi Karahan arrived in New York City from 
Istanbul, Turkey as a graduate student with less than 
$100 in his pocket. After moving to Texas and completing 
his MBA, he joined a small commercial real estate devel-
opment company. Today, Fehmi is president and CEO of 
The Karahan Companies, an integrated real estate devel-
opment, property management and investment group. 
“Growing up in Istanbul, a city that is some 3,000 years old,  
and being able to travel around Europe and see pedestrian-  
friendly streets, outdoor cafes, and gathering places gave 
me the insight into how these communities work and what 
people like,” Fehmi says. As 2017 came to a close, Fehmi 
had just completed one of the largest, most successful 
commercial developments in Texas: Legacy West, a  
240-acre mixed-use project, in the Dallas suburb of Plano. 
The $3 billion project, which became home to several 
Fortune 100 companies, features retail, restaurants, apart-
ments, and corporate office space. Fehmi widely credits 
his team, including Bank of America, for his success. “When 
Fehmi approached us, it was an opportunity to deepen our 
relationship further and provide financing for yet another 
unique project,” said Yelda Tuz, Bank of America Senior Credit  
Products manager with Global Banking and Markets. “Fehmi  
is a visionary who has an extraordinary gift for developing 
landmark projects like Legacy West, which has turned into 
one of the most successful projects in the state.”

MARK HOGAN: SUPPORT SERVICES 
TEAMMATE AND D&I AWARD WINNER 

Mark Hogan is a Support Services employee based in Dallas, Texas who 
embraces our culture of giving back to his community. Our Support Services  
team is an in-house marketing and fulfillment operation comprising 300 
employees with intellectual disabilities who support every major line of 
business. For over 25 years, this department has given individuals facing  
barriers to employment the opportunity to achieve financial stability 
and become successful members of their communities. In 2017, Mark 
was named a Diversity & Inclusion Award winner for his commitment to 
community service. He led his department to donate 104 boxes of food 
to the North Texas Food Bank, filled 131 backpacks with school supplies 
for local children, raised more than $2,100 to support the American Heart 
Association’s Heart Walk, and generously donated his time to the “Night 
to Shine Prom,” which hosts an unforgettable prom experience for people 
16 years and older with special needs.

THE STAR: DALLAS COWBOYS NEW HEADQUARTERS

Earlier in 2017, more than 200 employees from Merrill Lynch, U.S. Trust and Bank of America 
moved into new office space at The Star, a 91-acre campus in Frisco, Texas which is also the 
Dallas Cowboys world headquarters. Bank of America not only relocated to the headquarters, 
but also served as a finance partner in the overall project. The Bank of America team and its 
local customers are now benefiting from having three separate locations consolidated into 
one destination. 

16  |  WELCOME TO DALLAS / FORT WORTH

DALLAS

360° VIEW OF HOW BANK 
OF AMERICA SUPPORTS 
LOCAL ECONOMIES

PEOPLEFUND: SUPPORTING 
LOCAL SMALL BUSINESSES

PeopleFund, one of over 260 community 
develop ment financial institutions (CDFIs) that 
Bank of America supports, is a community 
lender in Texas. PeopleFund lends to small 
businesses, including women entrepreneurs, 
through the Tory Burch Foundation Capital 
Program — funded by Bank of America —  that 
connects women business owners to afford-
able loans to help grow their businesses. 
Andrea Thomas, owner of ScratchMeNot Flip 
Mittens, used her loan to increase manufactur-
ing, grow her business, and help her product 
impact the lives of thousands of children.

THE GATEHOUSE: DALLAS 
NEIGHBORHOOD BUILDER

The Gatehouse is a supportive living community where 
women and children in crisis receive a hand-up to end 
cycles of abuse and poverty, and build new lives. Through 
Neighborhood Builders®, Bank of America equips non-
profits and their leaders with the funds and training to 
improve their community services and build stronger, 
more vibrant organizations. “We recognize the critical 
role that nonprofit organizations and their leaders play 
to build pathways to economic progress in the North 
Texas community,” said Mike Pavell, Bank of America 
Fort Worth market president. “Through this program, we 
connect outstanding nonprofits, like The Gatehouse, to 
the resources they need to scale their impact and help 
our community thrive.” Now in its third year, the 61-acre 
Gatehouse community has 95 apartments where women 
and their children work through a program at their own 
pace to become self-supportive. Families can stay for up 
to 2½ years while receiving assistance, including food, 
clothes, transportation, child care, medical/dental care, 
legal aid, financial literacy training, career development 
guidance, professional counseling, and higher education. 
“We believe in giving a hand-up, not a handout, for per-
manent change,” says Lisa Rose, founder and president of 
The Gatehouse. “The funding and leadership development 
training provided by Bank of America gave our volunteers 
opportunities we couldn’t have otherwise offered.”

SONIA MOSS: 50 YEARS WITH U.S. TRUST

In 1965, Sonia Moss started a temporary job at the front desk of a U.S. Trust location in Dallas. 
She intended to stay six months, and then find something more permanent. More than five 
decades later, she’s still here and finds something exciting about her job every day. In the begin-
ning, she helped the team by manually using a 10-digit calculator and processing transactions 
coming off the teller line. Today, she enjoys each day as it comes and has stopped looking for 
that more permanent position. 

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  19

In the Dallas/Fort Worth market, as in all of our local markets, we are focused on delivering the 
full breadth of our capabilities to customers and clients, building our reputation as a trusted 
financial partner, while leading environmental, social and governance efforts, and contributing  
to the community. Led by seasoned local leadership, Bank of America is recognized as an 
employer of choice in the Dallas/Fort Worth market. We employ approximately 15,000 people in 
the community, making it one of the largest local concentrations of Bank of America employees 
in the world. Throughout their daily interactions with business leaders and community  
stakeholders, our team is advancing the Bank of America brand values through local projects 
and initiatives, such as financing Legacy West in Plano and moving teams together in new 
offices at The Star and in downtown Fort Worth. We are also assisting entrepreneurs in the 
community through our support of the Gatehouse in North Texas and PeopleFund. And, our 
employees continue to give back to the community in many ways, as highlighted by the actions 
of Mark Hogan, above, and Sonia Moss, at right. Our efforts in Dallas/Fort Worth are an  
outstanding example of how Bank of America is helping make the financial lives of our customers 
better every day through the power of every connection.

HARNESSING
CAPITAL
MARKETS
TO DO GOOD 

A conversation with
Vice Chairman Anne Finucane

Q: How does Bank of America approach ESG? 
A:  For our company, we see this as good business —  running  

a company that people feel is a good investment, creating  
sustainable growth in our business, and finding innovative  
ways we can deploy our capital to address global challenges. 
Our focus on good environmental, social, and governance  
policies creates jobs, transforms communities, fosters economic 
mobility, and seeks solutions and opportunities to help  
families, businesses, and communities prosper and thrive.  
Over the last three years, we’ve strengthened our ESG focus 
across the company. We put in place a management-level  
ESG Committee that looks at all of our businesses and our 
practices and identifies the ESG risks and opportunities.  
We’ve embedded this approach through all of our eight lines  
of business, ensuring we are identifying opportunities that  
will have positive environmental and social impact, while being 
diligent in managing our risk in these areas. And we hold our 
teams accountable. Every member of the executive manage-
ment team has ESG metrics on their performance scorecard.

Q: What does it mean to be sustainable today?
A:  “Sustainable” has become such a ubiquitous term, people often 

make assumptions about what it means. “Sustainability” is 
often associated narrowly with environmentalism, or the “E” 
in ESG —  but today, there is a much broader definition. At 
the center are fundamental questions about basic principles 

of capitalism and what responsibilities businesses have as 
corporate citizens. We know that much of a company’s market 
value comes from or is affected by factors never reported 
on a balance sheet, including its social and environmental 
impact. These nonfinancial factors are equally important, 
and perhaps a better, more telling measure of the degree to 
which companies approach business in support of returns 
that are more reliably sustainable. Yet companies create 
value across multiple dimensions, and our prosperity is linked 
inextricably to the communities we serve and the challenges 
they face. The value we create must also be shared to be 
sustainable longterm.

Q: What’s the connection between social and 
environmental benefit and the bottom line?

A:  As seen in two reports released by Bank of America Merrill 

Lynch’s Global Research team —  “ESG: Good Companies Can 
Make Good Stocks” in 2016 and “ESG Part II: A Deeper Dive” 
in 2017 —  not only is a company’s ESG performance a reliable 
indicator of its future stock performance, but progressive  
ESG practices make companies less likely to suffer large 
price declines. They signal significantly better returns on 
equity than their counterparts, and suggest a greater chance 
of long-term success. 

20  |  THE POWER OF EVERY CONNECTION

We have provided over 

Since 2013, we have delivered nearly 

$4 BILLION

in loans, tax credit equity 
investments and other real 
estate development solutions 
to create housing for families, 
veterans, seniors, and previously 

homeless individuals across 

the United States.

$66 BILLION 

towards our 2025 goal of providing 

$125 BILLION 

for low-carbon and sustainable business through 

lending, investing, capital raising, advisory 
services, and developing financing solutions 

for clients around the world.

Q: Where do you see the biggest 

potential impact?

A:  The biggest impact we make is through 
deploying capital to address major global 
societal issues such as climate change, 
clean water, affordable housing and others. 
Because increased financing is exactly 
what is needed to move the needle on 
these major challenges, we are excited 
that we are exploring innovative ways to  
get the whole financial community —  
government agencies, nonprofits, private 
equity and major investors such as pension 
funds and insurance companies —  to think 
about addressing these issues with capital 
that has a competitive rate of return. If 
we can continue to build partnerships that 
embrace these new financial structures, 
we can have a meaningful impact on 
our global challenges while ensuring good 
value for our clients and shareholders.

We connected people and local communities to  

affordable loans by investing more than 
$1.5 BILLION IN 260+ CDFIs

to help finance small businesses, affordable housing, 
and other economic revitalization projects, primarily 
within low- and moderate-income communities. As an 
example, through the Tory Burch Foundation Capital 
Program, we have deployed more than $35 million in 

affordable loans to more than 1,700 women  

entrepreneurs to grow their businesses across the U.S.  

ESG RATINGS & INDICES 

CDP Climate A-List

Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for three consecutive years

Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for  
five consecutive years

Sustainalytics – 81 Percentile

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA Green Power Rank – No.5

MSCI – BB

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  21

A TIME TO CARE

A conversation with Lorna 
Sabbia, head of Retirement and 
Personal Wealth Solutions at 
Bank of America Merrill Lynch 

Q: Why is Merrill Lynch interested in the topic of caregiving? 
A:  Caregiving is a life stage that nearly all of our clients and colleagues will experience, 
as a caregiver, care recipient or both. It has impacted my family, and I’m not alone. 
Today, 40 million Americans are providing unpaid care to a family member.1 Beyond the 
emotional and physical demands of caregiving, the financial toll can be significant, as 
well. Our research found that 92 percent2 of caregivers are also financial caregivers. They 
not only provide funds, which can strain families’ finances, but also handle bills, taxes, 
insurance and more. It can be a daunting responsibility that is often unexpected. 

Q: What research has Merrill Lynch conducted to understand this issue, 

and what were the findings?

A:  Merrill Lynch recently surveyed more than 2,000 nonprofessional caregivers nationwide, 

conducted numerous focus groups, and interviewed internal and external experts in 
partnership with Age Wave. The result was a report called “The Journey of Caregiving: 
Honor, Responsibility and Financial Complexity.” The research found that caregiving is both 
rewarding and challenging. Nearly three-quarters of caregivers report making sacrifices. 
On average, a caregiver spends $7,000 annually on a loved one, impacting their own 
expenses and savings. Additionally, two in five caregivers have made sacrifices at work, 
including reducing hours and even leaving the workforce. While caregiving responsibility 
among millennials is more equitable, the bulk of caregiving today still falls to women. 
Women are twice as likely as men to provide care to a loved one. Given the income and 
savings inequalities that already exist, the need to address the impacts of caregiving is 
most acutely felt among women. 

Q: What is Merrill Lynch doing to address this need among clients?
A:  The best time to have a conversation about caregiving is before a situation arises. Using 

the insights from our extensive research and understanding of the issue, Merrill Lynch 
financial advisors are prepared with tools and resources to guide clients through planning 
and saving for the eventuality of caregiving. With more than 5 million plan participants 
in our institutional retirement business, Bank of America Merrill Lynch is also helping 
employers understand this critical issue and demonstrating its importance through the 
company’s own industry-leading employee caregiving benefits.3 

1 U.S. Census Bureau, 2016. 
2 Merrill Lynch and Age Wave, “The Journey of Caregiving: Honor, Responsibility and Financial Complexity,” 2017.
3 AARP and ReACT, “Supporting Working Caregiving: Case Studies of Promising Practices,” 2017.

22  |  MERRILL LYNCH WEALTH MANAGEMENT / US TRUST

IMPACT INVESTING

When Dr. Ruth Shaber started her career as an obstetrician 
and gynecologist in San Francisco, impact investing was 
virtually unknown. Today, it’s hard to imagine an investment  
conversation that doesn’t begin and end with how to use 
capital to drive both social and financial returns. For Ruth, 
the journey toward impact investing began in 2014 when 
she founded the Tara Health Foundation, which focuses 
on identifying and supporting solutions that improve the 
health and well-being of women and girls through an  
investment model called “integrated capital”. In this model, 
different forms of financial and nonfinancial resources  
are coordinated to support enterprises that are working  
to solve complex social and environmental problems.  
Ruth explained, “Before we make an investment, we ask: 
‘What is the problem we are trying to solve?’ We then 
deploy the appropriate form of capital to address that 
problem. We may deploy multiple forms of capital, such  
as grants and debt refinancing, at various times to any 
given partner in order to support their diverse needs.”  
Ruth turned to her Merrill Lynch Wealth Management  
advisors, Mary Foust and Alena Meeker, for help in design-
ing a diverse investment portfolio that is 100 percent 
aligned with her values and goals. Included in her impact 
strategy is a U.S. Trust portfolio called the Women and 
Girls Equality Strategy (WGES). This portfolio goes beyond 
a numerical analysis of female executives to examine how 
companies are taking specific steps to empower women 
and support gender equality. “U.S. Trust is a pioneer in 
gender lens investing,” Ruth said. “WGES has developed 
a comprehensive list of criteria that support a broad set 
of outcomes for women and girls, spanning wage parity, 
career advancement, family leave policies, and human 
rights policies related to global supply chains. In addition 
to its mission alignment, WGES has outperformed major 
market indexes.”

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  23

COMMITTED TO 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
BUSINESS

Since 2013, we have invested $66 billion in clean energy, 
energy efficiency, water conservation, sustainable trans- 
portation, and other environmentally supportive activities.

Recognizing the power of our financial capital to make a positive environmental  
impact, we have committed to deploy $125 billion in financing by 2025 to  
accelerate the transition to a low-carbon, sustainable economy through lending, 
investing, raising capital, and developing financing solutions for clients around 
the world. Since 2013, we have invested $66 billion in clean energy, energy 
efficiency, water conservation, sustainable transportation, and other environ-
mentally supportive activities. One example of that financing is a $200 million 
tax-exempt master equipment lease/purchase agreement that Bank of America 
Merrill Lynch’s Global Leasing Energy Services team provided for the New York 
City Housing Authority (NYCHA) to finance energy conservation measures under 
guaranteed energy savings performance contracts. NYCHA is the largest public 
housing authority in North America, and owns and manages approximately 
176,636 public housing apartments in 2,417 buildings in 325 developments 
throughout the five boroughs of New York City. The first two schedules under 
the master agreement total $103.1 million and fund two Energy Performance 
Contracting (EPC) projects, providing much-needed energy and water conserva-
tion upgrades in 41 housing developments. The first project, Brooklyn-Queens 
Demand Management (“BQDM EPC”), targets 23 large developments in an 
electric supply-constrained Con Edison service area in Brooklyn. The second 
(“Sandy-A EPC”) targets 18 of the 33 NYCHA developments damaged by the  
2012 Superstorm Sandy. The primary goal of both projects is to modernize 
NYCHA’s mid-century heating systems to deliver more consistent and com-
fortable heat. Projected energy savings for these projects over the term of the 
financing total $105.8 million for BQDM and $78.7 million for Sandy.

24  |  GLOBAL STRENGTH FOR GLOBAL GOOD

ATTRACTING MAJOR INVESTORS TO CLEAN ENERGY

Financing the world’s movement into cleaner forms of energy is a job too big for one company alone. When Bank of America 
launched the Catalytic Finance Initiative (CFI) in 2014, a primary goal of the partnership was to increase flows of capital into 
renewable energy opportunities, such as wind and solar, by using innovative structures that reduce investment risks and attract 
broader pools of capital from institutional investors. To date, CFI partners have completed more than 20 deals in both developed 
and emerging markets and have helped to mobilize more than $9 billion in investments. Highlights of Bank of America Merrill 
Lynch’s CFI activity include structuring a BBB-rated, 18-year, $203 million institutional loan to Vivint Solar Inc., backed by 30,000 
residential solar installations in the U.S. In emerging markets, we arranged green project bonds in India and Peru, attracting 
foreign investment to these rapidly growing markets for clean energy. Our philanthropic dollars are also supporting high-impact 
technologies like micro-grids in 14 villages in India.

TRANSITIONING TO A  
LOW-CARBON ECONOMY

Since 2013, when we co-authored “A Framework for Green Bonds,” the  
blueprint for the Green Bond Principles, Bank of America has been a 
thought-leader in shaping this entirely new asset class. Our efforts have  
helped create a market that had not existed before. Last year, we coor-
dinated the first international issuance of green bonds by a Brazilian 
development bank, BNDES ($1 billion) and led offerings for clients 
including the German development bank KfW ($1 billion), the Australian 
Bank Westpac (€500 million), and the Canadian Province of Ontario 
(C$800 million). In addition to green bond underwriting, we are driving 
growth in the renewable energy market by making significant tax equity 
investments through Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s Global Leasing 
Renewable Energy Finance team. Last year, the team facilitated the 
repowering of seven Texas wind farms with a $413.1 million tax equity 
investment with NextEra Energy Resources, the largest owner and 
operator of wind farms in the U.S. Repowering consists of replacing the 
majority of the wind turbine with new components, such as blades, hubs 
and gearboxes, but primarily leaves the foundation and tower unchanged. 
Benefits include a more efficient wind farm capable of producing incre-
mental electricity from wind, a renewable, carbon-free source of energy.

INVESTING IN CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION
To ensure access to safe water and sanitation for all, it is vital to close the gap between the level of finance needed and the amount 
currently being invested. Water.org is working toward this ambitious goal, and we have been one of its earliest financing partners, 
with more than $1 million in grants since 2011 from the Bank of America Charitable Foundation to build the base of organizations 
offering affordable water and sanitation loans for the poor in India. In 2017, Water.org founded WaterEquity, the first impact invest-
ment manager dedicated to ending the global water crisis in our lifetime. WaterEquity builds the market between impact investors 
and water and sanitation businesses reaching underserved communities, unlocking the level of capital needed to match the 
scale of this crisis. Bank of America has committed to provide WaterEquity’s $50 million fund with a $5 million zero-interest loan. 
By investing in water and sanitation businesses in India, Indonesia, Cambodia, and the Philippines, this WaterEquity fund targets 
a 3.5 percent return for investors and aims to reach 4.6 million people with safe water and/or sanitation over a seven-year period. 
Deploying our capital to help people served by Water.org — this is the essence of partnering for impact.

Image provided by Water.org

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  25

HELPING 
COMMUNITIES 
THRIVE

Our efforts in local communities are helping to drive economic development 
and job creation. In addition to providing capital to help small businesses and 
affordable housing through CDFIs and Community Development Banking, last  
year, Bank of America delivered nearly $200 million in philanthropic invest ments,  
and our employees volunteered nearly 2 million hours in their communities. 
Our support helps nonprofit organizations advance economic mobility for 
individuals and families, solve tough challenges, and connect more deeply 
with people in their community. We are supporting women’s economic empow-
erment through partnerships with Vital Voices in the Global Ambassadors 
Program, Cherie Blair Foundation, and Kiva to help bring mentoring, training, 
and funding to women around the world. Our partnerships with these organi- 
zations have allowed us to help 7,000 women from 80+ countries grow their 
businesses in their communities. Through all of these efforts, we’re helping 
to create more sustainable economies and a better future for us all.

ADVANCING ECONOMIC MOBILITY

In every community we serve, there are people living on the 
margins, hoping to find good jobs and affordable housing to 
create a better life for themselves and their families. That’s 
why our economic mobility efforts address issues of workforce 
development and education, basic needs, and community devel-
opment. We partner with nonprofit organizations that remove 
barriers to economic success for vulnerable populations, includ-
ing youth, working families, and the formerly incarcerated. By 
partnering with nonprofit Year Up® — a national organization 
focused on providing urban young adults the skills, experience, 
and support they need to reach their full potential through pro-
fessional careers and higher education — we have been able to 
welcome hundreds of Year Up interns to six-month, full-time 
internships and have hired more than 150 to full-time positions. 
Through this partnership, we are able to create a pipeline of 
motivated, hard-working young adults who are able to build their 
professional and business skills, while also delivering value to 
their teams and our customers. 

SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES IMPACTED BY DISASTER

We have a long-standing commitment to community aid and response during times of disaster, humanitarian crises, and civil 
strife. In 2017, our company and employees contributed nearly $5 million in relief funding to support communities impacted by 
disasters, including Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria; California wildfires; and the earthquakes and Hurricane Katia in Mexico. 
Additionally, we deployed mobile financial centers and mobile ATMs to the greater Houston area to help our local financial 
centers impacted by Hurricane Harvey. Our Global Transaction Services team worked with the American Red Cross to offer 
Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s payments solution, Digital Disbursements, to send emergency funds to people impacted 
by Hurricane Harvey. We also support resilience planning in communities to lessen the impact of future natural events. 
Our $1 million grant to The Nature Conservancy (TNC) has supported its work to expand nature-based solutions to protect 
coastlines from rising sea levels and extreme weather. Additionally, with our support, the GivePower Foundation brought 
solar power to several Puerto Rico fire stations following Hurricane Maria.

26  |  HELPING COMMUNITIES THRIVE

EMPOWERING PEOPLE 
FOR BETTER FINANCIAL 
OUTCOMES

One way we deliver on our commitment to making financial  
lives better is through our free financial education platform,  
Better Money Habits.®
By simplifying complex personal finance 
topics through easy-to-understand infor-
mation, tools and videos, Better Money 
Habits empowers users to understand 
their financial choices and make confident 
decisions about their personal finances. 
In 2017, we extended the reach of Better 
Money Habits by rolling out content in 
Spanish. The site will continue to be fully  
translated over the course of 2018. This 
complements our online and mobile 
banking app, which have been available in 
Spanish since 2015. Better Money Habits is 
available for customers and noncustomers  
alike. For customers, the platform is 
embedded in our online and mobile offer-
ings, like our Spending and Budgeting tool, 
which puts timely information at clients’ 
fingertips to help them improve their 
financial outcomes. And we see evidence 
that it is helping. Our engaged Better 

Money Habits users are growing their 
savings, growing their checking balances 
and reducing debt. This is particularly 
important for anyone looking to improve 
their financial footing, such as young adults 
just starting out and those who live in low- 
and moderate-income (LMI) communities 
where approximately 30 percent of our 
financial centers are located. That is why 
Better Money Habits is part of our broader 
community-centered approach to provide 
clients and small businesses financial 
expertise, tools, and products tailored to 
help them achieve their specific financial 
goals. We help foster economic mobility 
in these neighborhoods by bolstering 
partnerships, providing relevant products 
and language resources, creating access 
through WiFi in our financial centers and 
supporting career paths for our associates. 

WITH PERSPECTIVE COMES UNDERSTANDING

Through our Courageous Conversations program, we encourage our employees, 
clients, and community partners to have an open dialogue on important, societal  
topics as a way to foster deeper learning and understanding. For example, in 
support of the landmark documentary film, “The Vietnam War,” we brought together 
diverse perspectives to discuss the Vietnam War era, a divisive time in U.S. history. 
Additionally, we hosted the National Community Advisory Council (NCAC) Opening 
Night at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, where we facilitated a discussion on 
the vital role public institutions play in protecting democracy. From Los Angeles to 
Charlottesville, London to Kansas City, our employees continue to plan and participate 
in courageous conversations about issues that are important to them.

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  27

A GREAT PLACE 
TO WORK:  
TRACY DANIELS

Recognized as Bank of America’s 2017 Working 
Mother of the Year, Tracy Daniels has enjoyed 
more than 10 years at the company, and knows 
the value of its benefits.

Tracy is a business executive for Global Banking and 
Markets Operations, and is a passionate leader in our 
diversity efforts and programs, including our Employee 
Networks. At home, she is mom-in-chief, with three chil-
dren. Tracy used the company’s benefits to help grow 
her family with fertility treatments and extended parental 
leave with the birth of her daughter, Leah. Born premature 
and with spina bifida, Leah spent a total of eight weeks 
in the hospital and had two major surgeries in her first year  
of life. Tracy leveraged significant medical benefits to 
work with as many as six specialists per year. Tracy’s ability  
to balance her personal life and career means she’s able 
to continue to deliver in her role, which has earned her 
promotions since she returned from leave, with wider 
responsibilities and accountability for larger teams. She is 
also passionately involved in our diversity efforts, serving 
as co-chair of the Leadership, Education, Advocacy and 
Development for Women Employee Network, and on the 
Black Professional Group Executive Leadership Council. 
“From the benefits that support creating a family, to the 
policies that help manage a family, all while supporting  
women as we strive for professional development and 
personal growth, working at Bank of America is truly 
extraordinary as a working mom,” said Tracy.

LIFE EVENT SERVICES SPOTLIGHT

“I’m in a happy place now because Bank of America saved 
my life.” For Katia, the past two years brought hardship 
and change. She ended a physically abusive relationship 
and relocated to a new state, lost power and food during 
Hurricane Irma, and suffered a severe lung condition. 

Through it all, the U.S. Life Event Services team was there 
to support her and her family, connecting her with bank 
resources to help. For that, she says, “I don’t know where 
I’d be without this company. It feels like a family in how it 
cares for its people.”

28  |  OUR EMPLOYEES

BEING A GREAT PLACE 
TO WORK: CORE TO 
RESPONSIBLE GROWTH 

It is the daily commitment to our purpose by all 209,000 of our 
teammates that allowed us to deliver our 2017 results. A pillar of 
responsible growth is that it must be sustainable. One way we 
achieve responsible growth is by being a great place to work. Our 
commitment to our employees is as strong as the bond they share 
with our customers and our communities. We demonstrate that 
in several ways, starting with fair and equitable compensation. 
We offer affordable health care and related programs that make it 
easier for employees to look after themselves and their families. 
And, we have many programs and opportunities that reinforce our 
belief in a diverse, inclusive team, and other benefits and services  
that help employees balance their work and personal lives. First, 
let me highlight our pay-for-performance culture. Since 2010, the 
average annual compensation increases for our U.S. employees  
have outpaced the average U.S. wage growth. From the starting 
compensation level to our highest earners, whether a teammate 
joined last year or has been with us since 2010, compensation for  
all but the highest 10 percent has grown at least twice the rate 
of the U.S. national average. We also provide 401(k) contributions  
of up to 5 percent of eligible pay, starting after one year of service,  
including an additional 2 to 3 percent automatic annual company 
contribution, and free, personalized retirement and benefits  
guidance. Turning to health and wellness benefits; we have kept  
related cost increases for our employees below the national 
average and below other companies’ rates for many years. We 
have taken a long-term approach to managing health benefits. 
More than 70 percent of employees have seen either no cost 
increase, or an increase that is well below the increase of the 
cost to the company since 2010. The average cost of health care 
coverage for an employee’s family of four is just over $23,000.  
On average, we subsidize 75 percent of the costs across our pop-
ulation, giving each employee an average benefit value of about  
$17,000. While the benefits are the same, regardless of compen-
sation level, we take a progressive approach to employee paid  
premiums. Employees earning less than the median U.S. household 
pay an average annual premium of about $2,600, meaning we 
subsidize about 90 percent of their total coverage costs. This 
gradually decreases as compensation increases, with the highest 
compensated employees paying more than 60 percent of the 
cost through premiums. Also, in 2011, we reduced annual family 
coverage medical premiums by 50 percent for U.S. employees 
below the median household income level — and we have kept 
those premiums flat for six consecutive years. For employees 
earning between the median income and $100,000 per year, 
we reduced premiums by 15 percent, and have limited premium 

growth to about one-third of the national trend. Our wellness 
program contributes to our success in slowing health care cost 
increases. The program includes an annual premium credit to 
encourage employees to get annual health screenings (about 
85 percent of employees respond) and our voluntary “Get Active” 
physical fitness campaign, in which nearly 70,000 teammates 
(about 30 percent) participated last year. We want to provide great 
health care benefits to teammates. For those who need addi-
tional support, we provide access to the tools and resources they 
need for a healthy lifestyle. Being the best place to work extends 
beyond compensation and health benefits to include tuition assis-
tance, career development and learning, and childcare programs. 
We offer up to 16 weeks of paid parental leave —  maternity,  
paternity, and adoption. Our bereavement policy provides up 
to 20 days of paid time away for the loss of a spouse/partner or 
child. Through several man-made and natural disasters in 2017, 
our Life Events Services team did a great job providing counseling 
and resources to teammates. The diversity of our employees —   
in thought, style, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, ethnic-
ity, culture, and experience —  makes us stronger, and is essential 
to our ability to serve our clients, fulfill our purpose, and drive 
responsible growth. We encourage employees to engage in what 
we call “Courageous Conversations” about sensitive topics. More 
than 60,000 teammates have discussed race, gender dynamics, 
social justice, LGBT equality, and the Vietnam War. Taken together, 
our pay-for-performance programs, health and wellness programs, 
and other benefits and support helped contribute to record-low 
employee turnover in 2017. Our shareholders benefit from this 
due to lower costs to train and find experienced employees. Our 
work in these areas also is recognized by others; Bank of America 
was ranked in Fortune magazine among the 100 Best Workplaces 
for Diversity and the 50 Best Workplaces for Parents. We also 
were pleased to be ranked by Forbes and JUST Capital as the 
best in our industry in the second annual list of America’s Most 
JUST Companies.

Sheri Bronstein
Global Human Resources Executive

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  29

Euromoney magazine’s 

WORLD’S BEST BANK

for Corporate Social Responsibility

and for Advisory Services

Every year since its inception, included as one of 

the leading companies in the Bloomberg

GENDER-EQUALITY INDEX

Recognized as the 

INDUSTRY LEADER

in the “Banks” industry category among 

JUST Capital’s America’s Most JUST Companies

Bank of America Merrill Lynch named 

BEST ESG BANK  

in Asia by The Asset magazine
for the second year in a row

30  |  ESG HIGHLIGHTS

Based on work conducted  

by consulting firm EY,  

we examined the
ECONOMIC 

IMPACTS OF A 
$12.6 BILLION
subset of our company’s 
$125 billion environmental 

business commitment.

Focusing on U.S. projects 

financed between 2013–2016,  

this subset: 

Supported an annual  

average of 39,728 jobs

Realized a cumulative 
$29.9 billion in  
economic output

Contributed a cumulative  
$14.8 billion to GDP

Bank of America 
supports more than
2,000 ART 

ORGANIZATIONS 

WORLDWIDE

Bank of America  

Art Conservation Project:  

Provided grants to projects  
in 30 countries to conserve 

historically significant works of art

Museums on Us®: 2017  

marked the 20th anniversary  
of providing access to a variety of 

museums across the U.S.

Art in Our Communities®:  

More than 120 exhibitions have 

been loaned to help generate 

revenue for art institutions

In 2014, Bank of America became the first and 
remains the only financial services institution to 

gain membership into the Billion Dollar Roundtable, 

a nationally recognized organization that  
celebrates corporations that spend at least

$1 BILLION

directly with minority- and 
women-owned businesses

One of the nation’s top small  

business lenders, with 

$34 BILLION 

in small business loan balances  

(commercial loans under $1 million), 

according to the FDIC, and approximately 
40% of the small businesses we serve at 

Bank of America are women-owned

Delivered nearly

$200 MILLION

in philanthropic investments, including $44 million 

to connect individuals to jobs and skills  
that will build long-term financial security

Connected employees to meaningful volunteer 

opportunities through initiatives like our fourth annual 

Habitat for Humanity Global Build,  

which engaged more than

2,500 EMPLOYEE 

VOLUNTEERS 

in 90 communities across six countries to build 
affordable housing and revitalize communities

There’s a general correlation 

between clients who 

engaged with 

BETTER MONEY 
HABITS AND THE 
SPENDING AND 
BUDGETING TOOL
and a variety of improved 

financial outcomes:

About one in four  
grew savings by  
20 percent or more

About one in three grew  
their checking balance by  

20 percent or more

About one in seven reduced  

their credit balance by  
20 percent or more 

About one in five decreased  

their overdraft fees

BY THE NUMBERS

Better Money Habits 
was viewed more than  
12.3 million times  

across the website and our 
Mobile Banking app in 2017

4.5 million people are 

actively using the Spending 

and Budgeting tool  
(as of December 2017)

24 million people are using 

Bank of America’s  

Mobile Banking app, including 

more than 1 million  

Spanish-language users  
(as of December 2017)

BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  31

Bank of America Corporation —  Financial Highlights
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE: BAC) is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. As of December 31, 2017, we operated in all 
50 states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and more than 35 countries. Through our banking and various 
nonbank subsidiaries throughout the United States and in international markets, we provide a diversified range of banking and nonbank 
financial services and products through four business segments: Consumer Banking, Global Wealth and Investment Management, 
Global Banking, and Global Markets.

Financial Highlights (in millions, except per share information)
For the year

Revenue, net of interest expense
Net income
Earnings per common share
Diluted earnings per common share
Dividends paid per common share
Return on average assets
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity 1
Efficiency ratio
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding

At year-end

Total loans and leases
Total assets
Total deposits
Total shareholders’ equity
Book value per common share
Tangible book value per common share1
Market price per common share
Common shares issued and outstanding
Tangible common equity ratio1

2017

$   87,352 
  
 
18,232 
  
1.63 
 
  
1.56 
 
  
0.39 
$ 
  
0.80%  
 
9.41 
 
  
62.67 
 
  
 
10,778 
  

2017

$  936,749 
  2,281,234 
  1,309,545 
  267,146 
23.80 
 
16.96 
 
29.52 
$ 
 
10,287 
 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
7.9%  

 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

$ 
 
 
 
$ 
 
 
 
 

2016

  
83,701 
  
17,822 
  
1.57 
  
1.49 
0.25 
  
0.81%  
  
9.51 
  
65.81 
11,047 
  

2016

$  906,683 
 2,188,067 
 1,260,934 
  266,195 
23.97 
 
16.89 
 
22.10 
$ 
 
10,053 
 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
8.0%  

2015

$  82,965 
 
15,910 
1.38 
 
1.31 
 
0.20 
$ 
 
0.74 %
9.16 
 
69.45 
 
 
11,236 

2015

$  896,983 
  2,144,606 
  1,197,259 
  255,615 
22.48 
 
15.56 
 
16.83 
$ 
 
10,380 
 

7.8 %

1 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information on these measures and ratios, and a corresponding reconciliation to GAAP financial measures,  
see Supplemental Financial Data on page 43 and Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 104 of the 2017 Financial Review section. 

Total Cumulative Shareholder Return2

$300

$250

$200

$150

$100

$50

$0

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

December 31

2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
Bank of America Corporation $100 $135 $156 $148 $198 $268
231
KBW Bank Sector Index
208
S&P 500

100
100

151
150

138
132

195
171

151
153

2 This graph compares the yearly change in the Corporation’s total cumulative shareholder 
return on its common stock with (i) the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and (ii) the KBW Bank 
Index for the years ended December 31, 2012 through 2017. The graph assumes an initial 
investment of $100 at the end of 2012 and the reinvestment of all dividends during the 
years indicated.

32  |  THE POWER OF EVERY CONNECTION

BAC Five-Year Stock Performance
$30
B of A
$25
$20
S&P
$15
KBW
$10
$5
$0

2013

2014

2015

HIGH $15.88
11.03
LOW
15.57

 CLOSE

$18.13
14.51
17.89

$18.45
15.15
16.83

2016

2017
$23.16 $29.88
22.05
11.16
29.52
22.10

Book Value Per Share/Tangible Book Value 
Per Share

9
9
6
6

.
.

0
0
2
2
$
$

.
.

7
7
7
7
3
3
1
1
$
$

.
.

2
2
3
3
1
1
2
2
$
$

3
3
4
4

.
.

4
4
1
1
$
$

8
8
4
4

.
.

2
2
2
2
$
$

6
6
5
5

.
.

5
5
1
1
$
$

.
.

7
7
9
9
3
3
2
2
$
$

.
.

9
9
8
8
6
6
1
1
$
$

0
0
8
8

.
.

3
3
2
2
$
$

.
.

6
6
9
9
6
6
1
1
$
$

2013
2013

2014
2014

2015
2015

2016
2016

2017
2017

Book Value Per Share
Book Value Per Share

Tangible Book Value Per Share3
Tangible Book Value Per Share3

3Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure.

Financial Review
2017

Financial Review 
Table of Contents

Executive Summary

Recent Events 
Financial Highlights
Balance Sheet Overview 

Supplemental Financial Data 
Business Segment Operations

Consumer Banking
Global Wealth & Investment Management
Global Banking 
Global Markets 
All Other

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
Managing Risk
Strategic Risk Management 
Capital Management 
Liquidity Risk
Credit Risk Management

Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
Non-U.S. Portfolio
Provision for Credit Losses 
Allowance for Credit Losses

Market Risk Management

Trading Risk Management
Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book 
Mortgage Banking Risk Management

Compliance Risk Management 
Operational Risk Management
Reputational Risk Management 
Complex Accounting Estimates 
2016 Compared to 2015
Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
Statistical Tables

Page
35 
36 
37 
39 
43 
46 
47 
49 
51 
53 
54 
55 
57 
60 
61 
65 
70 
70 
79 
86 
88 
88 
92 
93 
97 
99 
99 
99
100 
100 
102 
104 
106

34     Bank of America 2017

(the  “Corporation”)  and 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are 
made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or 
events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was 
made.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements referred to in 
the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations (MD&A) are incorporated by reference 
into the MD&A. Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified 
to conform to current-year presentation. Throughout the MD&A, 
the Corporation uses certain acronyms and abbreviations which 
are defined in the Glossary.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Bank  of  America  Corporation 
its 
remediate  a  shortcoming  identified  by  banking  regulators  in  the 
management  may  make  certain  statements  that  constitute 
Corporation’s  Resolution  Plan;  the  effect  of  regulations,  other 
“forward-looking  statements”  within  the  meaning  of  the  Private 
guidance or additional information on our estimated impact of the 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be 
Tax Act; the impact of implementation and compliance with U.S. and 
identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or 
international  laws,  regulations  and  regulatory  interpretations, 
current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as 
including,  but  not  limited  to,  recovery  and  resolution  planning 
“anticipates,”  “targets,”  “expects,”  “hopes,”  “estimates,”  “intends,” 
requirements,  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  (FDIC) 
“plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and other similar expressions 
assessments, the Volcker Rule, fiduciary standards and derivatives 
or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “may,” “might,” “should,” 
regulations; a failure in or breach of the Corporation’s operational 
“would”  and  “could”.  Forward-looking  statements  represent  the 
or  security  systems  or  infrastructure,  or  those  of  third  parties, 
Corporation’s current expectations, plans or forecasts of its future 
including as a result of cyber attacks; the impact on the Corporation’s 
results,  revenues,  expenses,  efficiency  ratio,  capital  measures, 
business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  from  the 
strategy  and  future  business  and  economic  conditions  more 
planned exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union; and 
generally,  and  other  future  matters.  These  statements  are  not 
other similar matters.
guarantees  of  future  results  or  performance  and  involve  certain 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are 
difficult to predict and are often beyond the Corporation’s control. 
Actual  outcomes  and  results  may  differ  materially  from  those 
expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements. 
You  should  not  place  undue  reliance  on  any  forward-looking 
statement and should consider the following uncertainties and risks, 
as well as the risks and uncertainties more fully discussed under 
Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K: the 
Corporation’s  potential  claims,  damages,  penalties,  fines  and 
reputational  damage  resulting  from  pending  or  future  litigation, 
regulatory proceedings and enforcement actions, including inquiries 
into our retail sales practices, and the possibility that amounts may 
be in excess of the Corporation’s recorded liability and estimated 
range of possible loss for litigation exposures; the possibility that 
the Corporation could face increased servicing, securities, fraud, 
indemnity,  contribution  or  other  claims  from  one  or  more 
counterparties, 
loans, 
underwriters,  issuers,  other  parties  involved  in  securitizations, 
monolines or private-label and other investors; the possibility that 
future representations and warranties losses may occur in excess 
of  the  Corporation’s  recorded  liability  and  estimated  range  of 
possible loss for its representations and warranties exposures; the 
Corporation’s  ability  to  resolve  representations  and  warranties 
repurchase and related claims, including claims brought by investors 
or trustees seeking to avoid the statute of limitations for repurchase 
claims; uncertainties about the financial stability and growth rates 
of non-U.S. jurisdictions, the risk that those jurisdictions may face 
difficulties servicing their sovereign debt, and related stresses on 
financial  markets,  currencies  and  trade,  and  the  Corporation’s 
exposures to such risks, including direct, indirect and operational; 
the impact of U.S. and global interest rates, currency exchange rates, 
economic  conditions,  and  potential  geopolitical  instability;  the 
impact on the Corporation’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations of a potential higher interest rate environment; the 
possibility that future credit losses may be higher than currently 
expected  due  to  changes  in  economic  assumptions,  customer 
behavior,  adverse  developments  with  respect  to  U.S.  or  global 
economic  conditions  and  other  uncertainties;  the  Corporation’s 
ability  to  achieve  its  expense  targets,  net  interest  income 
expectations,  or  other  projections;  adverse  changes  to  the 
Corporation’s credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies; 
estimates of the fair value of certain of the Corporation’s assets and 
liabilities; uncertainty regarding the content, timing and impact of 
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements; the potential impact 
of  total  loss-absorbing  capacity  requirements;  potential  adverse 
changes to our global systemically important bank surcharge; the 
potential impact of Federal Reserve actions on the Corporation’s 
capital  plans;  the  possible  impact  of  the  Corporation’s  failure  to 

Business Overview
The Corporation is a Delaware corporation, a bank holding company 
(BHC) and a financial holding company. When used in this report, 
“the  Corporation”  may  refer  to  Bank  of  America  Corporation 
individually, Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or 
certain of Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. 
Our  principal  executive  offices  are  located  in  Charlotte,  North 
Carolina. Through our banking and various nonbank subsidiaries 
throughout the U.S. and in international markets, we provide a 
diversified range of banking and nonbank financial services and 
products  through  four  business  segments:  Consumer  Banking, 
Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking
and Global Markets, with the remaining operations recorded in All 
Other. We operate our banking activities primarily under the Bank 
of America, National Association (Bank of America, N.A. or BANA) 
charter. At December 31, 2017, the Corporation had approximately 
$2.3 trillion in assets and a headcount of approximately 209,000
employees.  Headcount  remained  relatively  unchanged  since 
December 31, 2016. 

As of December 31, 2017, we operated in all 50 states, the 
District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and more 
than  35  countries.  Our 
footprint  covers 
approximately 85 percent of the U.S. population, and we serve 
approximately  47  million  consumer  and  small  business 
relationships  with  approximately  4,500  retail  financial  centers, 
approximately 16,000 ATMs, and leading digital banking platforms 
(www.bankofamerica.com)  with  approximately  35  million  active 
users, including approximately 24 million mobile active users. We 
offer industry-leading support to approximately three million small 
business owners. Our wealth management businesses, with client 
balances of nearly $2.8 trillion, provide tailored solutions to meet 
client  needs  through  a  full  set  of  investment  management, 
brokerage, banking, trust and retirement products. We are a global 
leader in corporate and investment banking and trading across a 

Executive Summary

trustees,  purchasers  of 

retail  banking 

including 

Bank of America 2017     35 

broad range of asset classes serving corporations, governments, 
institutions and individuals around the world.

2017 Economic and Business Environment
The U.S. economy gained momentum in 2017, as it grew for the 
eighth  consecutive  year.  Following  a  soft  start,  partly  driven  by 
sharp  inventory  liquidation  and  adverse  weather  effects,  GDP 
growth  accelerated  over  the  remainder  of  the  year.  Economic 
growth  was  supported  by  a  noticeable  pickup  in  business 
investment in high-tech equipment, a recovery in oil exploration 
and solid consumer demand growth. A revitalization in U.S. export 
growth,  on  the  back  of  a  weakening  dollar  and  stronger  global 
growth, also had beneficial impacts. GDP growth was limited by a 
mid-year softening in residential investment and a flat period for 
government  consumption  and  investment.  The  housing  market 
finished the year strongly. A lean supply of unsold inventory and 
solid demand was supportive of steady home price appreciation 
through much of the year. 

The labor market continued to tighten as job creation exceeded 
the growth in the labor force. The unemployment rate fell to a 17-
year low. Wage growth, however, remained relatively muted.

Inflation also remained low. The headline rate edged somewhat 
higher on recovering energy prices. But core inflation, excluding 
volatile food and energy components, slowed unexpectedly over 
much  of  the  year,  as  goods’  prices  and  health  care  inflation 
softened, and the acceleration in rents leveled off. Core inflation 
once  again  finished  the  year  below  the  Federal  Reserve’s  two 
percent target level.

Equity markets advanced strongly in 2017, with the S&P 500 
increasing  by  approximately  20  percent.  The  anticipation  of 
corporate tax reform and strong global earnings growth appeared 
to fuel the stock market’s strong performance. Following a mid-
year decline, long-term Treasury yields recovered towards the end 
of 2017, but finished little changed from the start of the year. With 
short-end rates rising over the course of the year, the yield curve 
flattened  considerably.  After  a  brief  surge  following  the  2016 
election, the trade-weighted dollar declined over most of 2017. 

The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) raised its target 
range for the Federal funds rate three times in 2017, bringing the 
total rise in the funds rate during the current cycle to 125 basis 
points  (bps).  The  Federal  Reserve  also  began  allowing  a  small 
portion of its Treasury and mortgage-backed securities (MBS) to 
roll off as monetary policy normalization continued. Current Federal 
Reserve baseline forecasts suggest gradual rate increases will 
continue  into  2018  against  a  backdrop  of  solid  economic 
expansion and a tightening labor market.

The improved economic momentum in 2017 was not confined 
to the U.S. The eurozone posted its strongest GDP growth in 10 
years, despite heightened political uncertainty and fragmentation. 

In this context, the European Central Bank decided to taper its 
quantitative  easing  program  even  if  domestic  inflationary 
pressures remained historically weak. The impact of the 2016 U.K. 
referendum vote in favor of leaving the European Union (EU) started 
to materialize within the U.K. economy which, despite the robust 
global momentum, showed its weakest GDP growth in five years.
Supported by a very accommodative monetary policy stance 
and sustained growth in external demand, the Japanese economy 
expanded at the strongest pace since 2010 with headline inflation 
remaining positive throughout the year. Across emerging nations, 
economic activity was supported by China’s continued transition 
towards a more consumption-based growth model, as well as by 
the recovery in Brazil and Russia following the 2016 recession. 

Recent Events

Capital Management
During  2017,  we  repurchased  approximately  $12.8  billion  of 
common stock pursuant to the Board’s repurchase authorizations 
under our 2017 and 2016 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and 
Review  (CCAR)  capital  plans,  including  repurchases  to  offset 
equity-based compensation awards, and pursuant to an additional 
$5 billion share repurchase authorization approved by the Board 
and the Federal Reserve in December 2017. For more information, 
see Capital Management on page 61.

Change in Tax Law
On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax Cuts 
and  Jobs  Act  (the  Tax  Act)  which  made  significant  changes  to 
federal income tax law including, among other things, reducing the 
statutory corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent 
and  changing  the  taxation  of  our  non-U.S.  business  activities. 
Results for 2017 included an estimated reduction in net income 
of $2.9 billion due to the Tax Act, driven largely by a lower valuation 
of  certain  U.S.  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities.  We  have 
accounted for the effects of the Tax Act using reasonable estimates 
based on currently available information and our interpretations 
thereof. This accounting may change due to, among other things, 
changes in interpretations we have made and the issuance of new 
tax or accounting guidance.

Long-term Debt Exchange
In December 2017, pursuant to a private offering, we exchanged 
$11.0 billion of outstanding long-term debt for new fixed/floating-
rate senior notes, subject to certain terms and conditions. The 
impact on our results of operations related to this exchange was 
not  significant.  For  more  information  on  this  exchange,  see 
Liquidity Risk on page 65.

36     Bank of America 2017

Selected Financial Data
Table 1 provides selected consolidated financial data for 2017 and 2016.

Table 1 Selected Financial Data

(Dollars in millions, except per share information)
Income statement

Revenue, net of interest expense
Net income
Diluted earnings per common share
Dividends paid per common share

Performance ratios

Return on average assets
Return on average common shareholders’ equity
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (1)
Efficiency ratio

Balance sheet at year end
Total loans and leases
Total assets
Total deposits
Total common shareholders’ equity
Total shareholders’ equity

2017

2016

$

$

87,352
18,232
1.56
0.39

83,701
17,822
1.49
0.25

0.80%
6.72
9.41
62.67

 

$

$ 936,749
2,281,234
1,309,545
244,823
267,146

0.81%
6.69
9.51
65.81

 

906,683
2,188,067
1,260,934
240,975
266,195

(1)  Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information and a corresponding reconciliation to accounting principles generally accepted in 

the United States of America (GAAP) financial measures, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 104.

Financial Highlights
Net income was $18.2 billion, or $1.56 per diluted share in 2017 
compared to $17.8 billion, or $1.49 per diluted share in 2016. 
The results for 2017 include an estimated charge of $2.9 billion 
related to the Tax Act. The pre-tax results for 2017 compared to 
2016  were  driven  by  higher  revenue,  largely  the  result  of  an 
increase in net interest income, lower provision for credit losses 
and a decline in noninterest expense.

Effective October 1, 2017, we changed our accounting method 
for determining when certain stock-based compensation awards 
granted to retirement-eligible employees are deemed authorized, 
changing from the grant date to the beginning of the year preceding 
the  grant  date  when  the  incentive  award  plans  are  generally 
approved.  As a result, the estimated value of the awards is now 
expensed ratably over the year preceding the grant date. All prior 
periods presented herein have been restated for this change in 
accounting method. The change affected consolidated financial 
information and All Other; it did not affect the business segments. 
Under the applicable bank regulatory rules, we are not required to 
and,  accordingly,  did  not  restate  previously-filed  capital  metrics 
and  ratios. The cumulative  impact of  the change  in accounting 

method resulted in an insignificant pro forma change to our capital 
metrics and ratios. For more information, see Note 1 - Summary 
of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.

Table 2 Summary Income Statement

(Dollars in millions)
Net interest income
Noninterest income

Total revenue, net of interest expense

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net income

Preferred stock dividends

Net income applicable to common shareholders

Per common share information

Earnings
Diluted earnings

2017

$ 44,667
42,685
87,352
3,396
54,743
29,213
10,981
18,232
1,614
$ 16,618

2016

$ 41,096
42,605
83,701
3,597
55,083
25,021
7,199
17,822
1,682
$ 16,140

 
$

 
$

1.63
1.56

1.57
1.49

Bank of America 2017     37 

Net Interest Income
Net interest income increased $3.6 billion to $44.7 billion in 2017 
compared  to  2016.  The  net  interest  yield  increased  11 bps  to 
2.32 percent for 2017. These increases were primarily driven by 
the benefits from higher interest rates and loan and deposit growth, 
partially offset by the sale of the non-U.S. consumer credit card 
business in the second quarter of 2017. For more information 
regarding interest rate risk management, see Interest Rate Risk 
Management for the Banking Book on page 97.

Noninterest Income

Table 3 Noninterest Income

(Dollars in millions)
Card income
Service charges
Investment and brokerage services
Investment banking income
Trading account profits
Mortgage banking income
Gains on sales of debt securities
Other income

Total noninterest income

2017

$

5,902
7,818
13,281
6,011
7,277
224
255
1,917
$ 42,685

2016

$

5,851
7,638
12,745
5,241
6,902
1,853
490
1,885
$ 42,605

Noninterest  income  increased  $80  million  to  $42.7  billion  for 
2017 compared to 2016. The following highlights the significant 
changes.

Service charges increased $180 million primarily driven by the 
impact  of  pricing  strategies  and  higher  treasury  services-
related revenue.
Investment  and  brokerage  services  income  increased $536 
million  primarily  driven  by  the  impact  of  assets  under 
management  (AUM)  flows  and  higher  market  valuations, 
partially offset by the impact of changing market dynamics on 
transactional revenue and AUM pricing.
Investment banking income increased $770 million primarily 
due to higher advisory fees and higher debt and equity issuance 
fees.
Trading account profits increased $375 million primarily due 
to increased client financing activity in equities, partially offset 
by weaker performance across most fixed-income products.
Mortgage  banking  income  decreased  $1.6  billion  primarily 
driven by lower net servicing income due to lower net mortgage 
servicing rights (MSR) results, and lower production income 
primarily due to lower volume.
Gains  on  sales  of  debt  securities  decreased  $235  million 
primarily driven by lower activity.
Other income remained relatively unchanged. Included was a 
$793  million  pre-tax  gain  recognized  in  connection  with  the 
sale  of  the  non-U.S.  consumer  credit  card  business  and  a 
downward  valuation  adjustment  of  $946  million  on  tax-
advantaged energy investments in connection with the Tax Act.

Provision for Credit Losses
The provision for credit losses decreased $201 million to $3.4 
billion for 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to reductions in 

energy exposures in the commercial portfolio and credit quality 
improvements  in  the  consumer  real  estate  portfolio.  This  was 
partially offset by portfolio seasoning and loan growth in the U.S. 
credit  card  portfolio  and  a  single-name  non-U.S.  commercial 
charge-off. For more information on the provision for credit losses, 
see Provision for Credit Losses on page 88. 

Noninterest Expense

Table 4 Noninterest Expense

(Dollars in millions)
Personnel
Occupancy
Equipment
Marketing
Professional fees
Data processing
Telecommunications
Other general operating

Total noninterest expense

2017

$ 31,642
4,009
1,692
1,746
1,888
3,139
699
9,928
$ 54,743

2016

$ 31,748
4,038
1,804
1,703
1,971
3,007
746
10,066
$ 55,083

Noninterest expense decreased $340 million to $54.7 billion for 
2017 compared to 2016. The decrease was primarily due to lower 
operating  costs,  a  reduction  from  the  sale  of  the  non-U.S. 
consumer  credit  card  business  and  lower  litigation  expense, 
partially offset by a $316 million impairment charge related to 
certain data centers in the process of being sold and $145 million 
for the shared success discretionary year-end bonus awarded to 
certain employees.

Income Tax Expense

Table 5 Income Tax Expense

(Dollars in millions)
Income before income taxes
Income tax expense
Effective tax rate

2017

$ 29,213
10,981

2016

$ 25,021
7,199

37.6%

28.8%

Tax expense for 2017 included a charge of $1.9 billion reflecting 
the impact of the Tax Act discussed below. Included in the tax 
charge was $2.3 billion related primarily to a lower valuation of 
certain deferred tax assets and liabilities and a $347 million tax 
benefit  on  the  pre-tax  loss  from  the  lower  valuation  of  our  tax-
advantaged energy investments. Other than the impact of the Tax 
Act, the effective tax rate for 2017 was driven by our recurring tax 
preference  benefits  as  well  as  an  expense  recognized  in 
connection  with  the  sale  of  the  non-U.S.  consumer  credit  card 
business, largely offset by benefits related to the adoption of the 
new accounting standard for the tax impact associated with share-
based compensation and the restructuring of certain subsidiaries. 
The effective tax rate for 2016 was driven by our recurring tax 
preferences  and  net  tax  benefits  related  to  various  tax  audit 
matters, partially offset by a charge for the impact of U.K. tax law 
changes enacted in 2016.

38     Bank of America 2017

On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax 
Act  which  made  significant  changes  to  federal  income  tax  law 
including, among other things, reducing the statutory corporate 
income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent and changing the 
taxation  of  our  non-U.S.  business  activities.  Results  for  2017 
included an estimated reduction in net income of $2.9 billion due 
to the Tax Act, driven largely by a lower valuation of certain U.S. 
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Additionally, the change in the 
corporate  income  tax  rate  impacted  our  tax-advantaged  energy 
investments,  resulting  in  a  downward  valuation  adjustment  of 
$946 million recorded in other income that was fully offset by tax 
benefits  arising  from  lower  deferred  tax  liabilities  on  these 
investments.  We  have  accounted  for the  effects  of  the  Tax  Act 
using  reasonable  estimates  based  on  currently  available 

information and our interpretations thereof. This accounting may 
change due to, among other things, changes in interpretations we 
have made and the issuance of new tax or accounting guidance. 
We expect the effective tax rate for 2018 to be approximately 

20 percent, absent unusual items.

Our U.K. deferred tax assets, which consist primarily of net 
operating  losses,  are  expected  to  be  realized  by  certain 
subsidiaries  over  a  number  of  years.  Significant  changes  to 
management’s earnings forecasts for those subsidiaries, changes 
in applicable laws, further changes in tax laws or changes in the 
ability of our U.K. subsidiaries to conduct business in the EU, could 
lead  management  to  reassess  our  ability  to  realize  the  U.K. 
deferred tax assets.

Balance Sheet Overview

Table 6 Selected Balance Sheet Data

(Dollars in millions)
Assets

Cash and cash equivalents
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Trading account assets
Debt securities
Loans and leases
Allowance for loan and lease losses
All other assets

Total assets

Liabilities

Deposits
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
Trading account liabilities
Short-term borrowings
Long-term debt
All other liabilities

Total liabilities

Shareholders’ equity

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

 

December 31

2017

 
157,434
212,747
209,358
440,130
936,749
(10,393)
335,209
2,281,234

1,309,545
176,865
81,187
32,666
227,402
186,423
2,014,088
267,146
2,281,234

$

$

$

$

2016

% Change

$

 
147,738
198,224
180,209
430,731
906,683
(11,237)
335,719
$ 2,188,067

$ 1,260,934
170,291
63,031
23,944
216,823
186,849
1,921,872
266,195
$ 2,188,067

7%
7
16
2
3
(8)
—
4

4
4
29
36
5
—
5
—
4

Assets
At  December  31,  2017,  total  assets  were  approximately  $2.3 
trillion, up $93.2 billion from December 31, 2016. The increase 
in assets was primarily due to higher loans and leases driven by 
client demand for commercial loans, higher trading assets and 
securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell due 
to  increased  customer  activity,  and  higher  cash  and  cash 
equivalents  and  debt  securities  driven  by  the  deployment  of 
deposit inflows. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents increased $9.7 billion primarily driven 
by deposit growth and net debt issuances, partially offset by loan 
growth and net securities purchases.

Federal Funds Sold and Securities Borrowed or Purchased 
Under Agreements to Resell
Federal funds transactions involve lending reserve balances on a 
short-term  basis.  Securities  borrowed  or  purchased  under 
agreements  to  resell  are  collateralized  lending  transactions 
utilized to accommodate customer transactions, earn interest rate 
spreads, and obtain securities for settlement and for collateral. 
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under 
agreements to resell increased $14.5 billion due to a higher level 
of customer financing activity.

Trading Account Assets
Trading account assets consist primarily of long positions in equity 
and fixed-income securities including U.S. government and agency 
securities,  corporate  securities  and  non-U.S.  sovereign  debt. 
Trading account assets increased $29.1 billion primarily driven by 
additional inventory in fixed-income, currencies and commodities 
(FICC)  to  meet  expected  client  demand  and  increased  client 
financing activities in equities within Global Markets.

Debt Securities
Debt  securities  primarily  include  U.S.  Treasury  and  agency 
securities,  MBS,  principally  agency  MBS,  non-U.S.  bonds, 
corporate bonds and municipal debt. We use the debt securities 
portfolio primarily to manage interest rate and liquidity risk and to 
take  advantage  of  market  conditions  that  create  economically 
attractive returns on these investments. Debt securities increased
$9.4 billion primarily driven by the deployment of deposit inflows. 
For more information on debt securities, see Note 3 – Securities
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Loans and Leases
Loans and leases increased $30.1 billion compared to December 
31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to net loan growth driven 
by strong client demand for commercial loans and increases in 

Bank of America 2017     39 

residential mortgage. For more information on the loan portfolio, 
see Credit Risk Management on page 70.

government bonds driven by expected client demand within Global 
Markets.

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses
The allowance for loan and lease losses decreased $844 million 
primarily due to the impact of improvements in credit quality from 
a stronger economy. For more information, see Allowance for Credit 
Losses on page 88.

Liabilities
At December 31, 2017, total liabilities were approximately $2.0 
trillion, up $92.2 billion from December 31, 2016, primarily due 
to an increase in deposits, higher trading account liabilities due 
to an increase in short positions, and higher long-term debt due 
to net issuances.

Deposits
Deposits increased $48.6 billion primarily due to an increase in 
retail deposits. 

Federal  Funds  Purchased  and  Securities  Loaned  or  Sold 
Under Agreements to Repurchase
Federal funds transactions involve borrowing reserve balances on 
a short-term basis. Securities loaned or sold under agreements 
to repurchase are collateralized borrowing transactions utilized to 
accommodate customer transactions, earn interest rate spreads 
and finance assets on the balance sheet. Federal funds purchased 
and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 
increased $6.6 billion primarily due to an increase in repurchase 
agreements.

Trading Account Liabilities
Trading account liabilities consist primarily of short positions in 
equity  and  fixed-income  securities  including  U.S.  Treasury  and 
agency  securities,  corporate  securities  and  non-U.S.  sovereign 
debt. Trading account liabilities increased $18.2 billion primarily 
due  to  higher  equity  short  positions  and  higher  levels  of  short 

Short-term Borrowings
Short-term borrowings provide an additional funding source and 
primarily consist of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) short-term 
borrowings,  notes  payable  and  various  other  borrowings  that 
generally  have  maturities  of  one  year  or  less.  Short-term 
borrowings increased $8.7 billion primarily due to an increase in 
short-term bank notes and short-term FHLB Advances. For more 
information on short-term borrowings, see Note 10 – Federal Funds 
Sold or Purchased, Securities Financing Agreements and Short-term 
Borrowings to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Long-term Debt
Long-term  debt  increased  $10.6  billion  primarily  driven  by 
issuances  outpacing  maturities  and  redemptions.  For  more 
information on long-term debt, see Note 11 – Long-term Debt to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Shareholders’ Equity
Shareholders’  equity  increased  $1.0  billion  driven  by  earnings, 
largely offset by returns of capital to shareholders of $18.4 billion 
through  common  and  preferred  stock  dividends  and  share 
repurchases.

Cash Flows Overview
The  Corporation’s  operating  assets  and  liabilities  support  our 
global markets and lending activities. We believe that cash flows 
from  operations,  available  cash  balances  and  our  ability  to 
generate cash through short- and long-term debt are sufficient to 
fund our operating liquidity needs. Our investing activities primarily 
include the debt securities portfolio and loans and leases. Our 
financing activities reflect cash flows primarily related to customer 
deposits, securities financing agreements and long-term debt. For 
more information on liquidity, see Liquidity Risk on page 65.

40     Bank of America 2017

Table 7 Five-year Summary of Selected Financial Data

(In millions, except per share information)
Income statement

Net interest income
Noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense
Income before income taxes
Income tax expense
Net income
Net income applicable to common shareholders
Average common shares issued and outstanding
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding

Performance ratios

Return on average assets
Return on average common shareholders’ equity
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (1)
Return on average shareholders’ equity
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (1)
Total ending equity to total ending assets
Total average equity to total average assets
Dividend payout

Per common share data

Earnings
Diluted earnings
Dividends paid
Book value
Tangible book value (1)

Market price per share of common stock

Closing
High closing
Low closing

Market capitalization
Average balance sheet

Total loans and leases
Total assets
Total deposits
Long-term debt
Common shareholders’ equity
Total shareholders’ equity

Asset quality (2)

Allowance for credit losses (3)
Nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties (4)
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases 

outstanding (4, 5)

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and 

leases (4, 5)

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and 

leases, excluding the PCI loan portfolio (4, 5)

Net charge-offs (6, 7)
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding (4, 6)
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding, excluding the 

$

PCI loan portfolio (4)

Capital ratios at year end (8)

Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 common capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital
Tier 1 leverage
Tangible equity (1)
Tangible common equity (1)

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

$

$

$

$

44,667
42,685
87,352
3,396
54,743
29,213
10,981
18,232
16,618
10,196
10,778

 
0.80%
6.72
9.41
6.72
9.08
11.71
11.96
24.24

41,096
42,605
83,701
3,597
55,083
25,021
7,199
17,822
16,140
10,284
11,047

 
0.81%
6.69
9.51
6.70
9.17
12.17
12.14
15.94

$

38,958
44,007
82,965
3,161
57,617
22,187
6,277
15,910
14,427
10,462
11,236

 
0.74%
6.28
9.16
6.33
8.88
11.92
11.64
14.49

40,779
45,115
85,894
2,275
75,656
7,963
2,443
5,520
4,476
10,528
10,585

 
0.26%
2.01
2.98
2.32
3.34
11.57
11.11
28.20

40,719
46,783
87,502
3,556
69,213
14,733
4,194
10,539
9,190
10,731
11,491

 
0.49%
4.21
6.35
4.51
6.58
11.06
10.81
4.66

$

1.63
1.56
0.39
23.80
16.96

$

29.52
29.88
22.05
$ 303,681

$ 918,731
2,268,633
1,269,796
225,133
247,101
271,289

 

 

 

 

$

1.57
1.49
0.25
23.97
16.89

$

22.10
23.16
11.16
$ 222,163

$ 900,433
2,190,218
1,222,561
228,617
241,187
265,843

 

 

 

 

$

1.38
1.31
0.20
22.48
15.56

$

16.83
18.45
15.15
$ 174,700

$ 876,787
2,160,536
1,155,860
240,059
229,576
251,384

 

 

 

$

0.43
0.42
0.12
21.32
14.43

$

17.89
18.13
14.51
$ 188,141

$ 898,703
2,145,393
1,124,207
253,607
222,907
238,317

 

 

 

$

0.86
0.83
0.04
20.69
13.77

$

15.57
15.88
11.03
$ 164,914

$ 918,641
2,163,296
1,089,735
263,417
218,340
233,819

 

 

 

 

$

11,170
6,758

$

11,999
8,084

$

12,880
9,836

$

14,947
12,629

$

17,912
17,772

1.12%

1.26%

1.37%

1.66%

1.90%

161

156
3,979

$

0.44%

0.44

 
11.8%
n/a
13.2
15.1
8.6
8.9
7.9

149

130

121

102

$

144
3,821

0.43%

0.44

$

122
4,338

0.50%

0.51

$

107
4,383

0.49%

0.50

11.0%
n/a
12.4
14.3
8.9
9.2
8.0

10.2%
n/a
11.3
13.2
8.6
8.9
7.8

12.3%
n/a
13.4
16.5
8.2
8.4
7.5

87
7,897

0.87%

0.90

n/a
10.9%
12.2
15.1
7.7
7.8
7.2

(1)  Tangible equity ratios and tangible book value per share of common stock are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information on these ratios, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 43, and 

for corresponding reconciliations to GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 104.

Includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.

(2)  For more information on the impact of the purchased credit-impaired (PCI) loan portfolio on asset quality, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 70. 
(3) 
(4)  Balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see Consumer Portfolio 
Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 78 and corresponding Table 31, and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – 
Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 83 and corresponding Table 38.

(5)  Asset quality metrics for 2016 include $243 million of non-U.S. credit card allowance for loan and lease losses and $9.2 billion of non-U.S. credit card loans, which were included in assets of business 

held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.

(6)  Net charge-offs exclude $207 million, $340 million, $808 million, $810 million and $2.3 billion of write-offs in the PCI loan portfolio for 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. For more 

(7) 

information on PCI write-offs, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.
Includes net charge-offs of $75 million and $175 million on non-U.S. credit card loans in 2017 and 2016, which were included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
at December 31, 2016.

(8)  Risk-based capital ratios are reported under Basel 3 Advanced - Transition at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. We reported risk-based capital ratios under Basel 3 Standardized - Transition at 

December 31, 2014 and under the general risk-based approach at December 31, 2013. For more information, see Capital Management on page 61.

n/a = not applicable

Bank of America 2017     41 

Table 8 Selected Quarterly Financial Data

(In millions, except per share information)
Income statement

Net interest income
Noninterest income (1)
Total revenue, net of interest expense
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense
Income before income taxes
Income tax expense (1)
Net income (1)
Net income applicable to common shareholders
Average common shares issued and outstanding
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding

Performance ratios

Return on average assets
Four quarter trailing return on average assets (2)
Return on average common shareholders’ equity
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (3)
Return on average shareholders’ equity
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (3)
Total ending equity to total ending assets
Total average equity to total average assets
Dividend payout

Per common share data

Earnings
Diluted earnings
Dividends paid
Book value
Tangible book value (3)

Market price per share of common stock

Closing
High closing
Low closing

Market capitalization
Average balance sheet

Total loans and leases
Total assets
Total deposits
Long-term debt
Common shareholders’ equity
Total shareholders’ equity

Asset quality (4)

Allowance for credit losses (5)
Nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties (6)
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans 

and leases outstanding (6, 7)

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total 

nonperforming loans and leases (6, 7)

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Fourth

Third

Second

First

2017 Quarters

2016 Quarters

$ 11,462
8,974
20,436
1,001
13,274
6,161
3,796
2,365
2,079
10,471
10,622

$ 11,161
10,678
21,839
834
13,394
7,611
2,187
5,424
4,959
10,198
10,747

$ 10,986
11,843
22,829
726
13,982
8,121
3,015
5,106
4,745
10,014
10,835

$ 11,058
11,190
22,248
835
14,093
7,320
1,983
5,337
4,835
10,100
10,920

$ 10,292
9,698
19,990
774
13,413
5,803
1,268
4,535
4,174
10,170
10,992

$ 10,201
11,434
21,635
850
13,734
7,051
2,257
4,794
4,291
10,250
11,034

$ 10,118
11,168
21,286
976
13,746
6,564
1,943
4,621
4,260
10,328
11,086

$ 10,485
10,305
20,790
997
14,190
5,603
1,731
3,872
3,415
10,370
11,108

0.41%
0.80
3.29
4.56
3.43
4.62
11.71
11.87
60.35

0.20
0.20
0.12
23.80
16.96

$

0.95%
0.91
7.89
10.98
7.88
10.59
11.91
12.03
25.59

0.49
0.46
0.12
23.87
17.18

$

0.90%
0.89
7.75
10.87
7.56
10.23
12.00
11.94
15.78

0.47
0.44
0.075
24.85
17.75

$

0.97%
0.88
8.09
11.44
8.09
11.01
11.92
12.00
15.64

0.48
0.45
0.075
24.34
17.22

$

0.82%
0.81
6.79
9.58
6.69
9.09
12.17
12.21
18.37

0.41
0.39
0.075
23.97
16.89

$

0.87%
0.76
7.02
9.94
7.10
9.68
12.28
12.26
17.97

0.42
0.40
0.075
24.14
17.09

$

0.85%
0.75
7.14
10.17
7.01
9.61
12.21
12.11
12.17

0.41
0.39
0.05
23.68
16.68

$

0.72%
0.76
5.80
8.32
5.99
8.27
12.02
11.96
15.12

0.33
0.31
0.05
23.13
16.18

$

$

29.52
29.88
25.45
$ 303,681

$ 927,790
2,301,687
1,293,572
227,644
250,838
273,162

$

25.34
25.45
22.89
$ 264,992

$ 918,129
2,271,104
1,271,711
227,309
249,214
273,238

$

24.26
24.32
22.23
$ 239,643

$ 914,717
2,269,293
1,256,838
224,019
245,756
270,977

$

23.59
25.50
22.05
$ 235,291

$ 914,144
2,231,649
1,256,632
221,468
242,480
267,700

$

22.10
23.16
15.63
$ 222,163

$ 908,396
2,208,391
1,250,948
220,587
244,519
269,739

$

15.65
16.19
12.74
$ 158,438

$ 900,594
2,189,750
1,227,186
227,269
243,220
268,440

$

13.27
15.11
12.18
$ 135,577

$ 899,670
2,188,410
1,213,291
233,061
240,078
265,056

$

13.52
16.43
11.16
$ 139,427

$ 892,984
2,174,126
1,198,455
233,654
236,871
260,065

$ 11,170
6,758

$ 11,455
6,869

$ 11,632
7,127

$ 11,869
7,637

$ 11,999
8,084

$ 12,459
8,737

$ 12,587
8,799

$ 12,696
9,281

1.12%

1.16%

1.20%

1.25%

1.26%

1.30%

1.32%

1.35%

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total 

nonperforming loans and leases, excluding the PCI loan portfolio (6, 7)

Net charge-offs (8, 9)
Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and 

$

leases outstanding (6, 8)

Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and 

leases outstanding, excluding the PCI loan portfolio (6)

Capital ratios at period end (10)
Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital
Tier 1 leverage
Tangible equity (3)
Tangible common equity (3)

161

156
1,237

$

163

158
900

$

160

154
908

$

156

150
934

$

149

144
880

$

140

135
888

$

142

135
985

136

129
1,068

$

0.53%

0.54

11.8%
13.2
15.1
8.6
8.9
7.9

0.39%

0.40%

0.42%

0.39%

0.40%

0.44%

0.48%

0.40

0.41

0.42

0.39

0.40

0.45

0.49

11.9%
13.3
15.1
9.0
9.1
8.1

11.6%
13.2
15.1
8.9
9.2
8.0

11.0%
12.5
14.4
8.8
9.0
7.9

11.0%
12.4
14.3
8.9
9.2
8.0

11.0%
12.4
14.2
9.1
9.3
8.1

10.6%
12.0
13.9
8.9
9.2
8.1

10.3%
11.5
13.4
8.7
9.0
7.9

(1) Net income for the fourth quarter of 2017 included an estimated charge of $2.9 billion from enactment of the Tax Act which consisted of $946 million in noninterest income and $1.9 billion in 

income tax expense. For more information on Tax Act impacts, see Income Tax Expense on page 38.

(2) Calculated as total net income for four consecutive quarters divided by annualized average assets for four consecutive quarters.
(3) Tangible equity ratios and tangible book value per share of common stock are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information on these ratios, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 43, 

and for corresponding reconciliations to GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 104.

Includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.

(4) For more information on the impact of the PCI loan portfolio on asset quality, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 70. 
(5)
(6) Balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see Consumer Portfolio 
Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 78 and corresponding Table 31, and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – 
Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 83 and corresponding Table 38.

(7) Asset quality metrics for the first quarter of 2017 and the fourth quarter of 2016 include $242 million and $243 million of non-U.S. credit card allowance for loan and lease losses and $9.5 billion 
and $9.2 billion of non-U.S. credit card loans, which were included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. In 2017, the 
Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business. 

(8) Net charge-offs exclude $46 million, $73 million, $55 million and $33 million of write-offs in the PCI loan portfolio in the fourth, third, second and first quarters of 2017, respectively, and $70 million, 
$83 million, $82 million and $105 million in the fourth, third, second and first quarters of 2016, respectively. For more information on PCI write-offs, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
– Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.
Includes net charge-offs of $31 million, $44 million and $41 million on non-U.S. credit card loans in the second and first quarters of 2017, and in the fourth quarter of 2016, which were included 
in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016.

(9)

(10) Risk-based capital ratios are reported under Basel 3 Advanced - Transition. For more information, see Capital Management on page 61. 

42     Bank of America 2017
42 
Bank of America 2017

Supplemental Financial Data
In  this  Form  10-K,  we  present  certain  non-GAAP  financial 
measures. Non-GAAP financial measures exclude certain items or 
otherwise include components that differ from the most directly 
comparable measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Non-
GAAP  financial  measures  are  provided  as  additional  useful 
information to assess our financial condition, results of operations 
(including period-to-period operating performance) or compliance 
with  prospective  regulatory  requirements.  These  non-GAAP 
financial  measures  are  not  intended  as  a  substitute  for  GAAP 
financial measures and may not be defined or calculated the same 
way as non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.

We view net interest income and related ratios and analyses 
on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis, which when presented on 
a consolidated basis, are non-GAAP financial measures. To derive 
the FTE basis, net interest income is adjusted to reflect tax-exempt 
income on an equivalent before-tax basis with a corresponding 
increase in income tax expense. For purposes of this calculation, 
we  use  the  federal  statutory  tax  rate  of  35  percent  and  a 
representative  state  tax  rate.  In  addition,  certain  performance 
measures including the efficiency ratio and net interest yield utilize 
net interest income (and thus total revenue) on an FTE basis. The 
efficiency ratio measures the costs expended to generate a dollar 
of revenue, and net interest yield measures the bps we earn over 
the cost of funds. We believe that presentation of these items on 
an FTE basis allows for comparison of amounts from both taxable 
and tax-exempt sources and is consistent with industry practices.
We may present certain key performance indicators and ratios 
excluding certain items (e.g., debit valuation adjustment (DVA)) 
which result in non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that the 
presentation  of  measures  that  exclude  these  items  are  useful 
because  they  provide  additional  information  to  assess  the 
underlying operational performance and trends of our businesses 
and  to  allow  better  comparison  of  period-to-period  operating 
performance.

We also evaluate our business based on certain ratios that 
utilize  tangible  equity,  a  non-GAAP  financial  measure.  Tangible 

equity represents an adjusted shareholders’ equity or common 
shareholders’ equity amount which has been reduced by goodwill 
and certain acquired intangible assets (excluding MSRs), net of 
related  deferred  tax  liabilities.  These  measures  are  used  to 
evaluate our use of equity. In addition, profitability, relationship 
and  investment  models  use  both  return  on  average  tangible 
common  shareholders’  equity  and  return  on  average  tangible 
shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth 
goals. These ratios are as follows:
  Return  on  average  tangible  common  shareholders’  equity 
measures  our  earnings  contribution  as  a  percentage  of 
adjusted common shareholders’ equity. The tangible common 
equity ratio represents adjusted ending common shareholders’ 
equity divided by total assets less goodwill and certain acquired 
intangible assets (excluding MSRs), net of related deferred tax 
liabilities.

  Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures our 
earnings contribution as a percentage of adjusted average total 
shareholders’  equity.  The  tangible  equity  ratio  represents 
adjusted ending shareholders’ equity divided by total assets 
less goodwill and certain acquired intangible assets (excluding 
MSRs), net of related deferred tax liabilities.

  Tangible book value per common share represents adjusted 
ending  common  shareholders’  equity  divided  by  ending 
common shares outstanding.
We believe that the use of ratios that utilize tangible equity 
provides  additional  useful  information  because  they  present 
measures  of  those  assets  that  can  generate  income.  Tangible 
book value per share provides additional useful information about 
the level of tangible assets in relation to outstanding shares of 
common stock.

The  aforementioned  supplemental  data  and  performance 

measures are presented in Tables 7 and 8.

For more information on the reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP 
Reconciliations on page 104.

Bank of America 2017     43 

Table 9

Average Balances and Interest Rates - FTE Basis

(Dollars in millions)
Earning assets
Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. 

central banks and other banks 

Time deposits placed and other short-term investments
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under

agreements to resell
Trading account assets
Debt securities
Loans and leases (1):

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card (2)
Direct/Indirect consumer (3)
Other consumer (4)
Total consumer
U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate (5)
Commercial lease financing
Non-U.S. commercial

Total commercial
Total loans and leases (2)

Other earning assets

Total earning assets (6)
Cash and due from banks
Other assets, less allowance for loan and lease losses

Total assets

Interest-bearing liabilities
U.S. interest-bearing deposits:

Savings
NOW and money market deposit accounts
Consumer CDs and IRAs
Negotiable CDs, public funds and other deposits

Total U.S. interest-bearing deposits

Non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits:

Banks located in non-U.S. countries
Governments and official institutions
Time, savings and other

Total non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits
Total interest-bearing deposits

Federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under

agreements to repurchase, short-term borrowings and other
interest-bearing liabilities

Trading account liabilities
Long-term debt

Total interest-bearing liabilities (6)

Average
Balance

Interest
Income/
Expense
2017

Yield/
Rate

Average
Balance

Interest
Income/
Expense
2016

Yield/
Rate

Average
Balance

Interest
Income/
Expense
2015

Yield/
Rate

 

 

 

 

$

127,431
12,112

$

1,122
241

0.88% $
1.99

133,374
9,026

$

 

 

0.45% $
1.55

136,391
9,556

$

 

605
140

1,118
4,563
9,263
 
6,488
2,713
8,170
926
2,296
75
20,668
8,101
1,773
627
2,337
12,838
33,506
2,762
51,957

 
 
 
 
5
294
133
160
592
 
32
9
382
423
1,015

2,350
1,018
5,578
9,961
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 41,996

1.07
3.58
2.44

3.45
4.19
9.65
9.12
2.81
4.23
4.73
3.34
3.62
3.25
2.70
3.24
3.97
3.94
3.04

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

0.85
0.95
0.88
0.88
0.23

1.30
2.64
2.77
0.94

0.01% $
0.14
0.27
0.96
0.18

216,161
129,766
418,289
 
188,250
71,760
87,905
9,527
91,853
2,295
451,590
276,887
57,547
21,146
93,263
448,843
900,433
59,775
1,866,824
27,893
295,501
$ 2,190,218
 
 
49,495
589,737
48,594
32,889
720,715
 
3,891
1,437
59,183
64,511
785,226

251,236
37,897
228,617
1,302,976
 
437,335
184,064
265,843
$ 2,190,218
 
 
 

 

369
146

988
4,547
9,233
 
6,967
2,984
8,085
1,051
2,040
56
21,183
6,883
1,521
628
2,008
11,040
32,223
2,890
50,396

 
 
 
 
7
273
162
95
537
 
31
5
288
324
861

2,387
1,343
5,958
10,549
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 39,847

0.52
3.52
2.23

3.45
3.78
9.29
9.72
2.50
3.26
4.58
2.93
3.08
2.97
2.51
2.86
3.72
4.62
2.78

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

0.82
0.64
0.65
0.66
0.13

0.94
2.69
2.44
0.76

0.01% $
0.05
0.27
0.49
0.08

211,471
137,837
390,849
 
201,366
81,070
88,244
10,104
84,585
1,938
467,307
248,354
52,136
19,802
89,188
409,480
876,787
62,040
1,824,931
28,921
306,684
$ 2,160,536
 
 
46,498
543,133
54,679
29,976
674,286
 
4,473
1,492
54,767
60,732
735,018

275,785
46,206
240,059
1,297,068
 
420,842
191,242
251,384
$ 2,160,536
 
 
 

$

$

 

0.27%
1.53

0.47
3.30
2.38

 

3.46
3.68
9.16
10.40
2.41
2.86
4.53
2.77
2.92
3.17
2.25
2.70
3.68
4.66
2.76

 
 
 
 
 
0.01%
0.05
0.30
0.32
0.08

 

0.70
0.33
0.53
0.53
0.12

0.87
2.91
2.48
0.81

222,818
129,007
435,005
 
197,766
62,260
91,068
3,929
93,374
2,628
451,025
292,452
58,502
21,747
95,005
467,706
918,731
76,957
1,922,061
27,995
318,577
$ 2,268,633
 
 
53,783
628,647
44,794
36,782
764,006
 
2,442
1,006
62,386
65,834
829,840

$

2,390
4,618
10,626
 
6,831
2,608
8,791
358
2,622
112
21,322
9,765
2,116
706
2,566
15,153
36,475
3,032
58,504

 
 
 
 
5
873
121
354
1,353
 
21
10
547
578
1,931

$

273,097
45,518
225,133
1,373,588
 
439,956
183,800
271,289
$ 2,268,633
 
 
 

3,538
1,204
6,239
12,912
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 45,592

Noninterest-bearing sources:

Noninterest-bearing deposits
Other liabilities
Shareholders’ equity

 
 
 
 
 
1.95%
0.24
2.19%
(1)  Nonperforming loans are included in the respective average loan balances. Income on these nonperforming loans is generally recognized on a cost recovery basis. PCI loans are recorded at fair value 

Net interest spread
Impact of noninterest-bearing sources

 
 
 
 
 
2.02%
0.23
2.25%

 
 
 
 
 
2.10%
0.27
2.37%

Net interest income/yield on earning assets

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

upon acquisition and accrete interest income over the estimated life of the loan.
Includes assets of the Corporation’s non-U.S. consumer credit card business, which was sold during the second quarter of 2017.
Includes non-U.S. consumer loans of $2.9 billion, $3.4 billion and $4.0 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Includes consumer finance loans of $321 million, $514 million and $619 million; consumer leases of $2.1 billion, $1.6 billion and $1.2 billion, and consumer overdrafts of $179 million, $173 
million and $156 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $55.0 billion, $54.2 billion and $49.0 billion, and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $3.5 billion, $3.4 billion and $3.1 billion in 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively.
Interest income includes the impact of interest rate risk management contracts, which decreased interest income on the underlying assets by $44 million, $176 million and $59 million in 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest expense includes the impact of interest rate risk management contracts, which decreased interest expense on the underlying liabilities by $1.4 billion, $2.1 
billion and $2.4 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For more information, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 97.

44     Bank of America 2017

Table 10 Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income - FTE Basis

 

Due to Change in (1)
Volume
Rate

Net Change

Due to Change in (1)
Volume
Rate

Net Change

(Dollars in millions)
Increase (decrease) in interest income
Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other

From 2016 to 2017
 

 

banks

Time deposits placed and other short-term investments
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Trading account assets
Debt securities
Loans and leases:

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer
Total consumer
U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
Non-U.S. commercial

Total commercial
Total loans and leases

Other earning assets

Total interest income

Increase (decrease) in interest expense
U.S. interest-bearing deposits:

Savings
NOW and money market deposit accounts
Consumer CDs and IRAs
Negotiable CDs, public funds and other deposits

Total U.S. interest-bearing deposits

Non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits:

Banks located in non-U.S. countries
Governments and official institutions
Time, savings and other

Total non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits
Total interest-bearing deposits

Federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase,

$

$

(32) $
48
41
(22)
438

335
(360)
290
(544)
38
11
 
468
29
19
48
 
 
793
 
 
 

— $
20
(12)
20
 
 
(12)
(3)
24
 
 

$

 

517
101
1,272
55
1,363

343
(105)
621
(568)
326
37
654
1,664
343
79
229
2,315
2,969
270
6,547
 
 

$

549
53
1,231
77
925

8
255
331
(24)
288
26
 
1,196
314
60
181
 
 
(523)

  $
 
 

— $

— $

559
—
174
 
 
1
4
141
 
 

579
(12)
194
761
 
(11)
1
165
155
916

From 2015 to 2016
 

 

(9) $
(8)
28
(265)
722
 
(454)
(343)
(33)
(60)
174
10
 
787
159
42
90
 
 
(104)
 
 
 

(2) $
22
(16)
10
 
 
(4)
—
26
 
 

$

245
2
102
281
(692)
 
(25)
72
118
(65)
82
9
 
431
93
(43)
239
 
 
(24)

  $
 
 

— $
(1)
(13)
55
 
 
5
4
68
 
 

 

236
(6)
130
16
30
 
(479)
(271)
85
(125)
256
19
(515)
1,218
252
(1)
329
1,798
1,283
(128)
1,561
 
 
(2)
21
(29)
65
55
 
1
4
94
99
154

Trading account liabilities
Long-term debt

short-term borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities

(37)
(325)
(380)
(588)
2,149
(1)  The changes for each category of interest income and expense are divided between the portion of change attributable to the variance in volume and the portion of change attributable to the variance 

Total interest expense
Net increase in net interest income

164
(85)
(92)
 
  $

971
(20)
746
 
  $

1,188
186
661
2,951
3,596

(201)
(240)
(288)
 
 

217
206
(85)
 
 

in rate for that category. The unallocated change in rate or volume variance is allocated between the rate and volume variances.

Bank of America 2017     45 

Business Segment Operations

Segment Description and Basis of Presentation
We report our results of operations through the following four business segments: Consumer Banking, GWIM, Global Banking and Global 
Markets, with the remaining operations recorded in All Other. The primary activities, products and businesses of the business segments 
and All Other are shown below.

Bank of America Corporation 

Consumer 
Banking 

Global Wealth & 

Investment 
Management 

Global Banking 

Global Markets 

All Other 

• Fixed Income 

Markets 
 

• Equity Markets 

 

•

Investment 
Banking 

 
• Global Corporate 

Banking 
 

• Global 

Commercial 
Banking 
 

• Business Banking 

• Merrill Lynch Global 

Wealth 
Management 
 

• U.S. Trust, Bank of 

America Private 
Wealth 
Management 

Deposits 

 

• Consumer 
Deposits 
 

• Merrill Edge 
• Small Business 

 

Client 
Management 

 

Consumer Lending 
• Consumer and 
Small Business 
Credit Card 
 
• Debit Card 
• Core Consumer 

Real Estate Loans 
 
• Consumer Vehicle 

 

Lending 

 

• ALM Activities 
 
• Non-Core Mortgage 

Loans 
 

• MSR Valuations 
 
• Liquidating 
Businesses 

 
• Equity Investments 
 
• Corporate Activities 

and Residual 
Expense Allocations 

 
• Accounting 

Reclassifications 
and Eliminations 

 

Initial Impact of  
Tax Act 

•

 

 

We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses and 
allocate capital annually during the strategic and capital planning 
processes. We utilize a methodology that considers the effect of 
regulatory capital requirements in addition to internal risk-based 
capital models. Our internal risk-based capital models use a risk-
adjusted  methodology  incorporating  each  segment’s  credit, 
market, interest rate, business and operational risk components. 
For more information on the nature of these risks, see Managing 
Risk on page 57. The capital allocated to the business segments 

is referred to as allocated capital. Allocated equity in the reporting 
units is comprised of allocated capital plus capital for the portion 
of goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to the reporting 
unit. For more information, see Note 8 – Goodwill and Intangible 
Assets to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

For more information on the basis of presentation for business 
segments and reconciliations to consolidated total revenue, net 
income and year-end total assets, see Note 23 – Business Segment 
Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

46     Bank of America 2017

Consumer Banking

(Dollars in millions)
Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income:

Card income
Service charges
Mortgage banking income (1)
All other income

Total noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes (FTE basis)

Income tax expense (FTE basis)

Net income

Net interest yield (FTE basis)
Return on average allocated capital
Efficiency ratio (FTE basis)

Balance Sheet

Average
Total loans and leases
Total earning assets (2)
Total assets (2)
Total deposits
Allocated capital

Deposits

2017

2016

Consumer Lending

2017

2016

Total Consumer Banking
2016
2017

$

13,353

$

10,701

$

10,954

$

10,589

$

24,307

$

21,290

% Change
14%

8
4,265
—
391
4,664
18,017

201
10,380
7,436
2,816
4,620

2.05%

39
57.61

5,084
651,963
679,306
646,930
12,000

$

$

9
4,141
—
403
4,553
15,254

174
9,677
5,403
1,993
3,410

1.79%

28
63.44

4,809
598,043
624,592
592,417
12,000

$

$

5,062
1
481
6
5,550
16,504

3,324
7,407
5,773
2,186
3,587

4.18%

14
44.88

260,974
261,802
273,253
6,390
25,000

$

$

4,926
1
960
1
5,888
16,477

2,541
7,977
5,959
2,197
3,762

4.37%

17
48.41

240,999
242,445
254,287
7,234
22,000

$

$

5,070
4,266
481
397
10,214
34,521

3,525
17,787
13,209
5,002
8,207

3.54%

22
51.53

266,058
686,612
725,406
653,320
37,000

$

$

$

$

4,935
4,142
960
404
10,441
31,731

2,715
17,654
11,362
4,190
7,172

3.38%

21
55.64

245,808
629,984
668,375
599,651
34,000

258,991
662,698
702,333
632,786

3
3
(50)
(2)
(2)
9

30
1
16
19
14

8%
9
9
9
9

8%
7
7
7

Year end
Total loans and leases
Total earning assets (2)
Total assets (2)
Total deposits
(1)  Total consolidated mortgage banking income of $224 million for 2017 was recorded primarily in Consumer Lending and All Other compared to $1.9 billion for 2016. 
(2) 

4,938
631,172
658,316
625,727

254,053
255,511
268,002
7,059

5,143
675,485
703,330
670,802

280,473
709,832
749,325
676,530

275,330
275,742
287,390
5,728

$

$

$

$

$

$

In segments and businesses where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, we allocate assets from All Other to match the segments’ and businesses’ liabilities and allocated shareholders’ 
equity. As a result, total earning assets and total assets of the businesses may not equal total Consumer Banking.

Consumer Banking, which is comprised of Deposits and Consumer 
Lending,  offers  a  diversified  range  of  credit,  banking  and 
investment  products  and  services  to  consumers  and  small 
businesses. Our customers and clients have access to a coast to 
coast  network  including  financial  centers  in  34  states  and  the 
District of Columbia. Our network includes approximately 4,500 
financial  centers,  16,000  ATMs,  nationwide  call  centers,  and 
leading  digital  banking  platforms  with  approximately  35  million 
active  users,  including  approximately  24  million  mobile  active 
users.

Consumer Banking Results
Net income for Consumer Banking increased $1.0 billion to $8.2 
billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by higher net 
interest income, partially offset by higher provision for credit losses 
and  lower  mortgage  banking  income.  Net  interest  income 
increased  $3.0  billion  to  $24.3  billion  primarily  due  to  the 
beneficial impact of an increase in investable assets as a result 
of higher deposits, as well as pricing discipline and loan growth. 
Noninterest income decreased $227 million to $10.2 billion driven 
by lower mortgage banking income, partially offset by higher card 
income and service charges.

The provision for credit losses increased $810 million to $3.5 
billion due to portfolio seasoning and loan growth in the U.S. credit 
card  portfolio.  Noninterest  expense  increased  $133  million  to 
$17.8 billion driven by higher personnel expense, including the 
shared success discretionary year-end bonus, and increased FDIC 

expense,  as  well  as  investments  in  digital  capabilities  and 
business growth, including increased primary sales professionals, 
combined  with  investments  in  new  financial  centers  and 
renovations.  These  increases  were  partially  offset  by  improved 
operating efficiencies.

The return on average allocated capital was 22 percent, up 
from 21 percent, as higher net income was partially offset by an 
increased  capital  allocation.  For  more  information  on  capital 
allocations, see Business Segment Operations on page 46.

Deposits
Deposits includes the results of consumer deposit activities which 
consist  of  a  comprehensive  range  of  products  provided  to 
consumers and small businesses. Our deposit products include 
traditional savings accounts, money market savings accounts, CDs 
and IRAs, noninterest- and interest-bearing checking accounts, as 
well as investment accounts and products. Net interest income is 
allocated to the deposit products using our funds transfer pricing 
process that matches assets and liabilities with similar interest 
rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. Deposits generates 
fees  such  as  account  service  fees,  non-sufficient  funds  fees, 
overdraft  charges  and  ATM  fees,  as  well  as  investment  and 
brokerage  fees  from  Merrill  Edge  accounts.  Merrill  Edge  is  an 
integrated investing and banking service targeted at customers 
with  less  than  $250,000  in  investable  assets.  Merrill  Edge 
provides investment advice and guidance, client brokerage asset 
services, a self-directed online investing platform and key banking 

Bank of America 2017     47 

mortgage  banking  fee  income  and  other  miscellaneous  fees. 
Consumer  Lending  products  are  available  to  our  customers 
through our retail network, direct telephone, and online and mobile 
channels. Consumer Lending results also include the impact of 
servicing residential mortgages and home equity loans in the core 
portfolio, including loans held on the balance sheet of Consumer 
Lending and loans serviced for others.

We classify consumer real estate loans as core or non-core 
based on loan and customer characteristics such as origination 
date, product type, loan-to-value (LTV), Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) 
score and delinquency status. For more information on the core 
and  non-core  portfolios,  see  Consumer  Portfolio  Credit  Risk 
Management on page 70. Total owned loans in the core portfolio 
held in Consumer Lending increased $14.7 billion to $115.9 billion 
in 2017, primarily driven by higher residential mortgage balances, 
partially offset by a decline in home equity balances. 

Consumer  Lending  includes  the  net  impact  of  migrating 
customers  and  their  related  loan  balances  between  Consumer 
Lending  and  GWIM.  For  more  information  on  the  migration  of 
customer balances to or from GWIM, see GWIM – Net Migration 
Summary on page 51.

Net income for Consumer Lending decreased $175 million to 
$3.6 billion in 2017 driven by higher provision for credit losses 
and lower noninterest income, partially offset by lower noninterest 
expense  and  higher  net  interest  income.  Net  interest  income 
increased  $365  million  to  $11.0  billion  primarily  driven  by  the 
impact  of  an  increase  in  loan  balances.  Noninterest  income 
decreased $338 million to $5.6 billion driven by lower mortgage 
banking income, partially offset by higher card income.

The provision for credit losses increased $783 million to $3.3 
billion in 2017 due to portfolio seasoning and loan growth in the 
U.S. credit card portfolio. Noninterest expense decreased $570 
million  to  $7.4  billion  primarily  driven  by  improved  operating 
efficiencies.

Average loans increased $20.0 billion to $261.0 billion in 2017 
driven by increases in residential mortgages as well as consumer 
vehicle and U.S credit card loans, partially offset by lower home 
equity loan balances.

Key Statistics – Consumer Lending

(Dollars in millions)
Total U.S. credit card (1)

Gross interest yield
Risk-adjusted margin
New accounts (in thousands)
Purchase volumes

2017

2016

9.65%
8.67
4,939
$ 244,753
$ 298,641

9.29%
9.04
4,979
$226,432
$285,612

Debit card purchase volumes
(1) 

In addition to the U.S. credit card portfolio in Consumer Banking, the remaining U.S. credit card 
portfolio is in GWIM.

During 2017, the total U.S. credit card risk-adjusted margin 
decreased  37  bps  compared  to  2016,  primarily  driven  by 
compressed margins, increased net charge-offs and higher credit 
card  rewards  costs.  Total  U.S.  credit  card  purchase  volumes 
increased $18.3 billion to $244.8 billion, and debit card purchase 
volumes increased $13.0 billion to $298.6 billion, reflecting higher 
levels of consumer spending. 

capabilities  including  access  to  the  Corporation’s  network  of 
financial centers and ATMs.

Deposits includes the net impact of migrating customers and 
their  related  deposit  and  brokerage  asset  balances  between 
Deposits and GWIM as well as other client-managed businesses. 
For more information on the migration of customer balances to or 
from GWIM, see GWIM – Net Migration Summary on page 51.

Net income for Deposits increased $1.2 billion to $4.6 billion 
in  2017  driven  by  higher  revenue,  partially  offset  by  higher 
noninterest expense. Net interest income increased $2.7 billion 
to $13.4 billion primarily due to the beneficial impact of an increase 
in investable assets as a result of higher deposits, and pricing 
discipline.  Noninterest  income  increased  $111  million  to  $4.7 
billion driven by higher service charges. 

The provision for credit losses increased $27 million to $201 
million in 2017. Noninterest expense increased $703 million to 
$10.4 billion primarily driven by investments in digital capabilities 
and  business  growth, 
increased  primary  sales 
professionals, combined with investments in new financial centers 
and renovations, higher personnel expense, including the shared 
success  discretionary  year-end  bonus,  and  increased  FDIC 
expense.

including 

Average deposits increased $54.5 billion to $646.9 billion in 
2017 driven by strong organic growth. Growth in checking, money 
market  savings  and  traditional  savings  of  $57.9  billion  was 
partially offset by a decline in time deposits of $3.5 billion.

Key Statistics – Deposits

Total deposit spreads (excludes noninterest costs) (1)

1.84%

1.65%

2017

2016

Year end
Client brokerage assets (in millions)
Digital banking active users (units in thousands) (2)
Mobile banking active users (units in thousands)
Financial centers
ATMs
(1) 
(2)  Digital users represents mobile and/or online users across consumer businesses; historical 
information  has  been  reclassified  primarily  due  to  the  sale  of  the  Corporation’s  non-U.S. 
consumer credit card business in 2017.

$144,696
32,942
21,648
4,579
15,928

$ 177,045
34,855
24,238
4,470
16,039

Includes deposits held in Consumer Lending.

Client  brokerage  assets  increased  $32.3  billion  driven  by 
strong client flows and market performance. Mobile banking active 
users increased 2.6 million reflecting continuing changes in our 
customers’ banking preferences. The number of financial centers 
declined 109 driven by changes in customer preferences to self-
service options as we continue to optimize our consumer banking 
network and improve our cost-to-serve.

Consumer Lending
Consumer  Lending  offers  products  to  consumers  and  small 
businesses across the U.S. The products offered include credit 
and debit cards, residential mortgages and home equity loans, 
and  direct  and  indirect  loans  such  as  automotive,  recreational 
vehicle and consumer personal loans. In addition to earning net 
interest  spread  revenue  on  its  lending  activities,  Consumer 
Lending generates interchange revenue from credit and debit card 
transactions, late fees, cash advance fees, annual credit card fees, 

48     Bank of America 2017

Mortgage Banking Income
Mortgage  banking  income  in  Consumer  Banking  includes 
production income and net servicing income. Production income 
is comprised primarily of revenue from the fair value gains and 
losses recognized on our interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) 
and  loans  held-for-sale  (LHFS),  the  related  secondary  market 
execution, and costs related to representations and warranties 
made  in  the  sales  transactions  along  with  other  obligations 
incurred  in  the  sales  of  mortgage  loans.  Production  income 
decreased $461 million to $202 million in 2017 due to a decision 
to retain a higher percentage of residential mortgage production 
in Consumer Banking, as well as the impact of a higher interest 
rate environment driving lower refinances. 

Net  servicing  income  within  Consumer  Banking  includes 
income earned in connection with servicing activities and MSR 
valuation adjustments for the core portfolio, net of results from 
risk management activities used to hedge certain market risks of 
the MSRs. Net servicing income decreased $18 million to $279 
million in 2017 reflecting the decline in the size of the servicing 
portfolio.

Mortgage Servicing Rights
At  December  31,  2017,  the  core  MSR  portfolio,  held  within 
Consumer Lending, was $1.7 billion compared to $2.1 billion at 
December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily driven by the 
amortization of expected cash flows, which exceeded additions to 

Global Wealth & Investment Management

(Dollars in millions)
Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income:

Investment and brokerage services
All other income

Total noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes (FTE basis)

Income tax expense (FTE basis)

Net income

Net interest yield (FTE basis)
Return on average allocated capital
Efficiency ratio (FTE basis)

Balance Sheet

Average
Total loans and leases
Total earning assets
Total assets
Total deposits
Allocated capital

Year end
Total loans and leases
Total earning assets
Total assets
Total deposits

the MSR portfolio, partially offset by the impact of changes in fair 
value from rising interest rates. For more information on MSRs, 
see  Note  20  –  Fair  Value  Measurements  to  the  Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

Key Statistics - Mortgage Banking

(Dollars in millions)
Loan production (1):
Total (2):

First mortgage
Home equity

Consumer Banking:

2017

2016

   

 

$

50,581
16,924

$

 

64,153
15,214

First mortgage
Home equity

44,510
13,675
(1)  The loan production amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of loans and in the case 

34,065
15,199

$

$

(2) 

of home equity, the principal amount of the total line of credit.
In addition to loan production in Consumer Banking, there is also first mortgage and home equity 
loan production in GWIM.

First mortgage loan originations in Consumer Banking and for 
the total Corporation decreased $10.4 billion and $13.6 billion in 
2017, primarily driven by a higher interest rate environment driving 
lower first-lien mortgage refinances.

Home equity production in Consumer Banking and for the total 
Corporation increased $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion in 2017 due 
to  a  higher  demand  based  on  improving  housing  trends,  and 
improved engagement with customers.

2017

2016

$

6,173

$

5,759

% Change
7%

10,883
1,534
12,417
18,590

56
13,564
4,970
1,882
3,088

10,316
1,575
11,891
17,650

68
13,175
4,407
1,632
2,775

$

$

2.32%

22
72.96

2.09%

21
74.65

$ 152,682
265,670
281,517
245,559
14,000

$ 142,429
275,799
291,478
256,425
13,000

$ 159,378
267,026
284,321
246,994

$ 148,179
283,151
298,931
262,530

5
(3)
4
5

(18)
3
13
15
11

7%
(4)
(3)
(4)
8

8%
(6)
(5)
(6)

Bank of America 2017     49 

GWIM consists of two primary businesses: Merrill Lynch Global 
Wealth Management (MLGWM) and U.S. Trust, Bank of America 
Private Wealth Management (U.S. Trust).

MLGWM’s  advisory  business  provides  a  high-touch  client 
experience  through  a  network  of  financial  advisors  focused  on 
clients with over $250,000 in total investable assets. MLGWM 
provides tailored solutions to meet our clients’ needs through a 
full  set  of  investment  management,  brokerage,  banking  and 
retirement products. 

U.S.  Trust,  together  with  MLGWM’s  Private  Banking  & 
Investments Group, provides comprehensive wealth management 
solutions targeted to high net worth and ultra high net worth clients, 
as well as customized solutions to meet clients’ wealth structuring, 
investment  management,  trust  and  banking  needs,  including 
specialty asset management services.

Net income for GWIM increased $313 million to $3.1 billion in 
2017 compared to 2016 due to higher revenue, partially offset by 
an increase in noninterest expense. The operating margin was 27 
percent compared to 25 percent a year ago. 

Net  interest  income  increased  $414  million  to  $6.2  billion
driven  by  higher  short-term  interest  rates.  Noninterest  income, 
which  primarily  includes  investment  and  brokerage  services 
income, increased $526 million to $12.4 billion. The increase in 
noninterest income was driven by the impact of AUM flows and 
higher market valuations, partially offset by the impact of changing 
market  dynamics  on  transactional  revenue  and  AUM  pricing. 
Noninterest  expense  increased  $389  million  to  $13.6  billion 
primarily driven by higher revenue-related incentive costs.

Return on average allocated capital was 22 percent in 2017, 
up from 21 percent a year ago, as higher net income was partially 
offset by an increased capital allocation.

Revenue from MLGWM of $15.3 billion increased six percent 
in 2017 compared to 2016 due to higher net interest income and 
asset management fees driven by AUM flows and higher market 
valuations, partially offset by lower transactional revenue and AUM 
pricing. U.S. Trust revenue of $3.3 billion increased seven percent 
in 2017 compared to 2016 reflecting higher net interest income 
and asset management fees driven by higher market valuations 
and AUM flows.

Key Indicators and Metrics

(Dollars in millions, except as noted)
Revenue by Business
Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management
U.S. Trust
Other (1)

Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Client Balances by Business, at year end
Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management
U.S. Trust

Total client balances

Client Balances by Type, at year end
Assets under management
Brokerage assets
Assets in custody
Deposits
Loans and leases (2)

Total client balances

Assets Under Management Rollforward
Assets under management, beginning of year
Net client flows (3)
Market valuation/other (1)

Total assets under management, end of year

Associates, at year end (4, 5)
Number of financial advisors
Total wealth advisors, including financial advisors
Total primary sales professionals, including financial advisors and wealth advisors

Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management Metric (5)
Financial advisor productivity (6) (in thousands)

2017

2016

$

$

15,288
3,295
7
18,590

$

$

14,486
3,075
89
17,650

$ 2,305,664
446,199
$ 2,751,863

$ 2,102,175
406,392
$ 2,508,567

$ 1,080,747
1,125,282
136,708
246,994
162,132
$ 2,751,863

$

886,148
1,085,826
123,066
262,530
150,997
$ 2,508,567

$

886,148
95,707
98,892
$ 1,080,747

$

$

900,863
30,582
(45,297)
886,148

17,355
19,238
20,341

16,820
18,678
19,629

$

1,005

$

974

U.S. Trust Metric, at year end (5)
Primary sales professionals
(1)  Amounts for 2016 include the results of BofA Global Capital Management, the cash management division of Bank of America, and certain administrative items. Amounts also reflect the sale to a 

1,677

1,714

third party of approximately $80 billion of BofA Global Capital Management’s AUM in 2016. 

(2)   Includes margin receivables which are classified in customer and other receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)   For 2016, net client flows included $8.0 billion of net outflows related to BofA Global Capital Management’s AUM that were sold in 2016.
(4)   Includes financial advisors in the Consumer Banking segment of 2,402 and 2,200 at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(5)   Associate computation is based on headcount.
(6)   Financial advisor productivity is defined as MLGWM total revenue, excluding the allocation of certain asset and liability management (ALM) activities, divided by the total average number of financial 

advisors (excluding financial advisors in the Consumer Banking segment).

50     Bank of America 2017

Client Balances 
Client  balances  managed  under  advisory  and/or  discretion  of 
GWIM are AUM and are typically held in diversified portfolios. Fees 
earned on AUM are calculated as a percentage of clients’ AUM 
balances. The asset management fees charged to clients per year 
depend on various factors, but are commonly driven by the breadth 
of the client’s relationship and generally range from 50 to 150 bps 
on their total AUM. The net client AUM flows represent the net 
change in clients’ AUM balances over a specified period of time, 
excluding  market 
other 
adjustments.

appreciation/depreciation 

and 

Client  balances  increased  $243.3  billion,  or  10  percent,  in 
2017 to nearly $2.8 trillion at December 31, 2017, primarily due 
to  AUM  which  increased  $194.6  billion,  or  22  percent,  due  to 
positive net flows and higher market valuations.

Global Banking

(Dollars in millions)
Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income:

Service charges
Investment banking fees
All other income

Total noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes (FTE basis)

Income tax expense (FTE basis)

Net income

Net interest yield (FTE basis)
Return on average allocated capital
Efficiency ratio (FTE basis)

Balance Sheet

Average
Total loans and leases
Total earning assets
Total assets
Total deposits
Allocated capital

Year end
Total loans and leases
Total earning assets
Total assets
Total deposits

Net Migration Summary
GWIM results are impacted by the net migration of clients and their 
corresponding deposit, loan and brokerage balances primarily from 
Consumer Banking, as presented in the table below. Migrations 
result from the movement of clients between business segments 
to better align with client needs.

Net Migration Summary (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Total deposits, net – from GWIM
Total loans, net – from GWIM
Total brokerage, net – from GWIM
(1)  Migration occurs primarily between GWIM and Consumer Banking. 

$

2017

2016

$

356
154
266

1,319
7
1,972

2017
10,504

$

2016

% Change

$

9,471

11%

3,125
3,471
2,899
9,495
19,999

212
8,596
11,191
4,238
6,953

3,094
2,884
2,996
8,974
18,445

883
8,486
9,076
3,347
5,729

$

$

2.93%

17
42.98

2.76%

15
46.01

$ 346,089
358,302
416,038
312,859
40,000

$ 333,820
342,859
396,737
304,741
37,000

$ 350,668
365,560
424,533
329,273

$ 339,271
350,110
408,330
307,630

1
20
(3)
6
8

(76)
1
23
27
21

4%
5
5
3
8

3%
4
4
7

Global Banking, which includes Global Corporate Banking, Global 
Commercial  Banking,  Business  Banking  and  Global  Investment 
Banking, provides a wide range of lending-related products and 
services,  integrated  working  capital  management  and  treasury 
solutions,  and  underwriting  and  advisory  services  through  our 
network  of  offices  and  client  relationship  teams.  Our  lending 
products  and  services  include  commercial  loans,  leases, 
commitment  facilities,  trade  finance,  commercial  real  estate 
lending and asset-based lending. Our treasury solutions business 
includes treasury management, foreign exchange and short-term 
investing options. We also provide investment banking products 
to our clients such as debt and equity underwriting and distribution, 
and merger-related and other advisory services. Underwriting debt 
and  equity  issuances,  fixed-income  and  equity  research,  and 
certain market-based activities are executed through our global 

broker-dealer affiliates, which are our primary dealers in several 
countries.  Within  Global  Banking,  Global  Commercial  Banking 
clients  generally  include  middle-market  companies,  commercial 
real estate firms and not-for-profit companies. Global Corporate 
Banking  clients  generally  include  large  global  corporations, 
financial institutions and leasing clients. Business Banking clients 
include  mid-sized  U.S.-based  businesses  requiring  customized 
and integrated financial advice and solutions.

Net income for Global Banking increased $1.2 billion to $7.0 
billion in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by higher revenue and 
lower provision for credit losses.

Revenue  increased  $1.6  billion  to  $20.0  billion  in  2017 
compared  to  2016  driven  by  higher  net  interest  income  and 
noninterest income. Net interest income increased $1.0 billion to 
$10.5 billion due to loan and deposit-related growth, higher short-

Bank of America 2017     51 

term rates on an increased deposit base and the impact of the 
allocation  of  ALM  activities,  partially  offset  by  credit  spread 
compression. Noninterest income increased $521 million to $9.5 
billion largely due to higher investment banking fees.

The provision for credit losses decreased $671 million to $212 
million in 2017 primarily driven by reductions in energy exposures 
and  continued  portfolio  improvement,  partially  offset  by  Global 
Banking’s portion of a single-name non-U.S. commercial charge-
off. Noninterest expense increased $110 million to $8.6 billion in 
2017  primarily  driven  by  higher  investments  in  technology  and 
higher deposit insurance, partially offset by lower litigation costs.
The return on average allocated capital was 17 percent, up from 
15  percent,  as  higher  net  income  was  partially  offset  by  an 
increased  capital  allocation.  For  more  information  on  capital 
allocated  to  the  business  segments,  see  Business  Segment 
Operations on page 46.

Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking

Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business 
Banking 
Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking each 
include  Business  Lending  and  Global  Transaction  Services 
activities.  Business  Lending  includes  various  lending-related 
products and services, and related hedging activities, including 
commercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance, 
real estate lending and asset-based lending. Global Transaction 
Services  includes  deposits,  treasury  management,  credit  card, 
foreign exchange and short-term investment products.

The table below and following discussion present a summary 
of the results, which exclude certain investment banking activities 
in Global Banking.

(Dollars in millions)
Revenue

Business Lending
Global Transaction Services

Total revenue, net of interest expense

Balance Sheet

Average
Total loans and leases
Total deposits

Year end
Total loans and leases
Total deposits

Global Corporate

Global Commercial

Banking

Banking

2017

2016

2017

2016

Business Banking
2016
2017

Total

2017

2016

$

$

4,387
3,322
7,709

$

$

4,285
2,996
7,281

$

$

4,280
3,017
7,297

$

$

4,139
2,718
6,857

$

$

404
849
1,253

$

$

376
740
1,116

$

9,071
7,188
$ 16,259

$

8,800
6,454
$ 15,254

$ 158,292
148,704

$152,944
143,233

$ 170,101
127,720

$163,309
126,253

$ 17,682
36,435

$ 17,537
35,256

$ 346,075
312,859

$333,790
304,742

$ 163,184
155,614

$152,589
144,016

$ 169,997
137,538

$168,828
128,210

$ 17,500
36,120

$ 17,882
35,409

$ 350,681
329,272

$339,299
307,635

Business  Lending  revenue  increased  $271  million  in  2017 
compared to 2016 driven by the impact of loan and lease-related 
growth and the allocation of ALM activities, partially offset by credit 
spread compression. 

Global Transaction Services revenue increased $734 million 
in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by the impact of higher short-
term rates on an increased deposit base, as well as the allocation 
of ALM activities.

Average  loans  and  leases  increased  four  percent  in  2017 
compared  to  2016  driven  by  growth  in  the  commercial  and 
industrial,  and  leasing  portfolios.  Average  deposits  increased 
three percent due to growth with new and existing clients.

Global Investment Banking
Client  teams  and  product  specialists  underwrite  and  distribute 
debt, equity and loan products, and provide advisory services and 
tailored  risk  management  solutions.  The  economics  of  certain 
investment banking and underwriting activities are shared primarily 
between  Global  Banking  and  Global  Markets  under  an  internal 
revenue-sharing arrangement. To provide a complete discussion 
of our consolidated investment banking fees, the following table 

52     Bank of America 2017

presents  total  Corporation  investment  banking  fees  and  the 
portion attributable to Global Banking.

Investment Banking Fees

(Dollars in millions)
Products

$

Advisory
Debt issuance
Equity issuance
Gross investment banking

fees

Self-led deals

Total investment

banking fees

Global Banking

2017

2016

Total Corporation
2016
2017

$

$

1,557
1,506
408

3,471
(113)

$

1,156
1,407
321

2,884
(49)

1,691
3,635
940

6,266
(255)

1,269
3,276
864

5,409
(168)

$

3,358

$

2,835

$

6,011

$

5,241

Total Corporation investment banking fees, excluding self-led 
deals, of $6.0 billion, which are primarily included within Global 
Banking  and  Global  Markets,  increased  15  percent  in  2017
compared to 2016 driven by higher advisory fees and higher debt 
and equity issuance fees due to an increase in overall client activity 
and market fee pools.

Global Markets

(Dollars in millions)
Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income:

Investment and brokerage services
Investment banking fees
Trading account profits
All other income

Total noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes (FTE basis)

Income tax expense (FTE basis)

Net income

Return on average allocated capital
Efficiency ratio (FTE basis)

Balance Sheet

Average
Trading-related assets:

Trading account securities
Reverse repurchases
Securities borrowed
Derivative assets

Total trading-related assets (1)

Total loans and leases
Total earning assets (1)
Total assets
Total deposits
Allocated capital

Year end
Total trading-related assets (1)
Total loans and leases
Total earning assets (1)
Total assets
Total deposits
(1)  Trading-related assets include derivative assets, which are considered non-earning assets.
n/m = not meaningful

2017

2016

% Change

$

3,744

$

4,558

(18)%

2,049
2,476
6,710
972
12,207
15,951

164
10,731
5,056
1,763
3,293

9%

67.28

216,996
101,795
82,210
40,811
441,812
71,413
449,441
638,674
32,864
35,000

419,375
76,778
449,314
629,007
34,029

$

$

$

2,102
2,296
6,550
584
11,532
16,090

31
10,169
5,890
2,072
3,818

10%

63.21

185,135
89,715
87,286
50,769
412,905
69,641
423,579
585,341
34,250
37,000

380,562
72,743
397,022
566,060
34,927

$

$

$

(3)
8
2
66
6
(1)

n/m
6
(14)
(15)
(14)

17 %
13
(6)
(20)
7
3
6
9
(4)
(5)

10 %

6
13
11
(3)

Global  Markets  offers  sales  and  trading  services,  including 
research,  to  institutional  clients  across  fixed-income,  credit, 
currency,  commodity  and  equity  businesses.  Global  Markets 
product coverage includes securities and derivative products in 
both the primary and secondary markets. Global Markets provides 
market-making,  financing,  securities  clearing,  settlement  and 
custody  services  globally  to  our  institutional  investor  clients  in 
support of their investing and trading activities. We also work with 
our commercial and corporate clients to provide risk management 
products using interest rate, equity, credit, currency and commodity 
derivatives, foreign exchange, fixed-income and mortgage-related 
products.  As  a  result  of  our  market-making  activities  in  these 
products, we may be required to manage risk in a broad range of 
financial  products  including  government  securities,  equity  and 
equity-linked securities, high-grade and high-yield corporate debt 
securities, syndicated loans, MBS, commodities and asset-backed 
securities.  The  economics  of  certain  investment  banking  and 
underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global Markets 
and  Global  Banking  under  an 
revenue-sharing 
arrangement.  Global  Banking   originates   certain   deal-related 

internal 

transactions with our corporate and commercial clients that are 
executed and distributed by Global Markets. For information on 
investment banking fees on a consolidated basis, see page 52. 
Net income for Global Markets decreased $525 million to $3.3 
billion in 2017 compared to 2016. Net DVA losses were $428 
million compared to losses of $238 million in 2016. Excluding net 
DVA, net income decreased $408 million to $3.6 billion primarily 
driven  by  higher  noninterest  expense,  lower  sales  and  trading 
revenue and an increase in the provision for credit losses, partially 
offset by higher investment banking fees. 

Sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, decreased $423 
million primarily due to weaker performance in rates products and 
emerging markets. The provision for credit losses increased $133 
million  to  $164  million,  reflecting  Global  Markets’  portion  of  a 
single-name non-U.S. commercial charge-off. Noninterest expense 
increased $562 million to $10.7 billion primarily due to higher 
litigation expense and continued investments in technology.

Average  trading-related  assets  increased  $28.9  billion  to 
$441.8 billion in 2017 primarily driven by targeted growth in client 
financing  activities  in  the  global  equities  business.  Year-end 

Bank of America 2017     53 

trading-related assets increased $38.8 billion to $419.4 billion at 
December 31, 2017 driven by additional inventory in FICC to meet 
expected  client  demand  as  well  as  targeted  growth  in  client 
financing activities in the global equities business.

The  return  on  average  allocated  capital  decreased  to  nine 
percent, reflecting lower net income, partially offset by a decrease 
in average allocated capital.

Sales and Trading Revenue
Sales and trading revenue includes unrealized and realized gains 
and losses on trading and other assets, net interest income, and 
fees primarily from commissions on equity securities. Sales and 
trading revenue is segregated into fixed-income (government debt 
obligations, investment and non-investment grade corporate debt 
obligations,  commercial  MBS, 
residential  mortgage-backed 
securities, collateralized loan obligations, interest rate and credit 
derivative  contracts),  currencies  (interest  rate  and  foreign 
exchange  contracts),  commodities  (primarily  futures,  forwards, 
swaps  and  options)  and  equities  (equity-linked  derivatives  and 
cash equity activity). The following table and related discussion 
present sales and trading revenue, substantially all of which is in 
Global Markets, with the remainder in Global Banking. In addition, 
the  following  table  and  related  discussion  present  sales  and 
trading revenue excluding the impact of net DVA, which is a non-
GAAP  financial  measure.  We  believe  the  use  of  this  non-GAAP 
financial measure provides additional useful information to assess 
the  underlying  performance  of  these  businesses  and  to  allow 
better comparison of year-over-year operating performance.

All Other

(Dollars in millions)
Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income:

Card income
Mortgage banking income (loss)
Gains on sales of debt securities
All other loss

Total noninterest income (loss)
Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Loss before income taxes (FTE basis)
Income tax expense (benefit) (FTE basis)

Net loss

Balance Sheet (1)

Average
Total loans and leases
Total assets (1)
Total deposits

Sales and Trading Revenue (1, 2)

(Dollars in millions)
Sales and trading revenue

2017

2016

Fixed-income, currencies and commodities
Equities

Total sales and trading revenue

$

$

8,665
4,112
12,777

$

$

9,373
4,017
13,390

Sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA (3)

$

Total sales and trading revenue, excluding net

Fixed-income, currencies and commodities
Equities

9,611
4,017
13,628
Includes FTE adjustments of $236 million and $186 million for 2017 and 2016. For more 
information on sales and trading revenue, see Note 2 – Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Includes Global Banking sales and trading revenue of $236 million and $406 million for 2017
and 2016.

9,059
4,146
13,205

$

$

$

(1) 

(2) 

(3)  FICC and Equities sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, is a non-GAAP financial measure. 
FICC net DVA losses were $394 million and $238 million for 2017 and 2016. Equities net DVA 
losses were $34 million and $0 for 2017 and 2016.

The following explanations for year-over-year changes in sales 
and trading, FICC and Equities revenue, would be the same if net 
DVA was included. FICC revenue, excluding net DVA, decreased 
$552 million from 2016 primarily due to lower revenue in rates 
products and emerging markets as lower volatility led to reduced 
client flow. The decline in FICC revenue was also impacted by higher 
funding costs which were driven by increases in market interest 
rates. Equities revenue, excluding net DVA, increased $129 million 
from 2016 due to higher revenue from the growth in client financing 
activities which was partially offset by lower revenue in cash and 
derivative trading due to lower levels of volatility and client activity. 

2017

2016

% Change

$

864

$

918

(6)%

69
(263)
255
(1,709)
(1,648)
(784)

(561)
4,065
(4,288)
(979)

(3,309) $

189
889
490
(1,801)
(233)
685

(100)
5,599
(4,814)
(3,142)
(1,672)

$

$

82,489
206,998
25,194

69,452
194,048
22,719

108,735
248,287
27,494

96,713
212,413
23,061

$

$

$

(63)
(130)
(48)
(5)
n/m
n/m

n/m
(27)
(11)
(69)
98

(24)%
(17)
(8)

(28)%

(9)
(1)

In segments where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, we allocate assets from All Other to those segments to match liabilities (i.e., 
deposits) and allocated shareholders’ equity. Allocated assets were $515.6 billion and $500.0 billion for 2017 and 2016, and $520.4 billion and $518.7 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Included $9.2 billion of non-U.S. credit card loans at December 31, 2016, which were included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In 2017, the Corporation 
sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business. 

(2) 

Year end
Total loans and leases (2)
Total assets (1)
Total deposits
(1) 

n/m = not meaningful

54     Bank of America 2017

the 
the 

the 
the 

related  economic  hedge 
related  economic  hedge 

All Other consists of ALM activities, equity investments, non-core 
mortgage loans and servicing activities, the net impact of periodic 
All Other consists of ALM activities, equity investments, non-core 
revisions to the MSR valuation model for both core and non-core 
mortgage loans and servicing activities, the net impact of periodic 
MSRs  and 
results  and 
revisions to the MSR valuation model for both core and non-core 
ineffectiveness,  liquidating  businesses,  and  residual  expense 
MSRs  and 
results  and 
allocations.  ALM  activities  encompass  certain  residential 
ineffectiveness,  liquidating  businesses,  and  residual  expense 
mortgages, debt securities, interest rate and foreign currency risk 
allocations.  ALM  activities  encompass  certain  residential 
management  activities, 
impact  of  certain  allocation 
mortgages, debt securities, interest rate and foreign currency risk 
methodologies and accounting hedge ineffectiveness. The results 
management  activities, 
impact  of  certain  allocation 
of certain ALM activities are allocated to our business segments. 
methodologies and accounting hedge ineffectiveness. The results 
For more information on our ALM activities, see Note 23 – Business 
of certain ALM activities are allocated to our business segments. 
Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
For more information on our ALM activities, see Note 23 – Business 
Equity investments include our merchant services joint venture 
Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
as well as Global Principal Investments which is comprised of a 
Equity investments include our merchant services joint venture 
portfolio of equity, real estate and other alternative investments. 
as well as Global Principal Investments which is comprised of a 
For more information on our merchant services joint venture, see 
portfolio of equity, real estate and other alternative investments. 
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated 
For more information on our merchant services joint venture, see 
Financial  Statements.  Income  tax  is  generally  recorded  in  the 
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated 
business segments at the statutory rate; the initial impact of the 
Financial  Statements.  Income  tax  is  generally  recorded  in  the 
Tax Act was recorded in All Other.
business segments at the statutory rate; the initial impact of the 
In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit 
Tax Act was recorded in All Other.
card business. For more information on the sale, see Note 1 – 
In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit 
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated 
card business. For more information on the sale, see Note 1 – 
Financial Statements.
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated 
The Corporation classifies consumer real estate loans as core 
Financial Statements.
or non-core based on loan and customer characteristics such as 
The Corporation classifies consumer real estate loans as core 
origination date, product type, LTV, FICO score and delinquency 
or non-core based on loan and customer characteristics such as 
status. For more information on the core and non-core portfolios, 
origination date, product type, LTV, FICO score and delinquency 
see  Consumer  Portfolio  Credit  Risk  Management  on  page  70. 
status. For more information on the core and non-core portfolios, 
Residential  mortgage  loans  that  are  held  for  ALM  purposes, 
see  Consumer  Portfolio  Credit  Risk  Management  on  page  70. 
including interest rate or liquidity risk management, are classified 
Residential  mortgage  loans  that  are  held  for  ALM  purposes, 
as core and are presented on the balance sheet of All Other. For 
including interest rate or liquidity risk management, are classified 
more  information  on  our  interest  rate  and  liquidity  risk 
as core and are presented on the balance sheet of All Other. For 
management activities, see Liquidity Risk on page 65 and Interest 
more  information  on  our  interest  rate  and  liquidity  risk 
Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 97. During 
management activities, see Liquidity Risk on page 65 and Interest 
2017,  residential  mortgage  loans  held  for  ALM  activities 
Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 97. During 
decreased $6.1 billion to $28.5 billion at December 31, 2017 
2017,  residential  mortgage  loans  held  for  ALM  activities 
primarily  as  a  result  of  payoffs  and  paydowns  outpacing  new 
decreased $6.1 billion to $28.5 billion at December 31, 2017 
originations.  Non-core  residential  mortgage  and  home  equity 
primarily  as  a  result  of  payoffs  and  paydowns  outpacing  new 
loans,  which  are  principally  run-off  portfolios,  including  certain 
originations.  Non-core  residential  mortgage  and  home  equity 
loans  accounted  for  under  the  fair  value  option  and  MSRs 
loans,  which  are  principally  run-off  portfolios,  including  certain 
pertaining to non-core loans serviced for others, are also held in 
loans  accounted  for  under  the  fair  value  option  and  MSRs 
All  Other.  During  2017,  total  non-core  loans  decreased  $11.8 
pertaining to non-core loans serviced for others, are also held in 
billion to $41.3 billion at December 31, 2017 due primarily to 
All  Other.  During  2017,  total  non-core  loans  decreased  $11.8 
payoffs and paydowns, as well as loan sales. 
billion to $41.3 billion at December 31, 2017 due primarily to 
The net loss for All Other increased $1.6 billion to a net loss 
payoffs and paydowns, as well as loan sales. 
of $3.3 billion, driven by an estimated charge of $2.9 billion due 
The net loss for All Other increased $1.6 billion to a net loss 
to enactment of the Tax Act. For more information, see Financial 
of $3.3 billion, driven by an estimated charge of $2.9 billion due 
Highlights on page 37. The pre-tax loss for 2017 compared to 
to enactment of the Tax Act. For more information, see Financial 
2016  decreased  $526  million  reflecting  lower  noninterest 
Highlights on page 37. The pre-tax loss for 2017 compared to 
expense and a larger benefit in the provision for credit losses, 
2016  decreased  $526  million  reflecting  lower  noninterest 
partially offset by a decline in revenue. 
expense and a larger benefit in the provision for credit losses, 
Revenue declined $1.5 billion primarily due to lower mortgage 
partially offset by a decline in revenue. 
banking income. Mortgage banking income declined $1.2 billion 
Revenue declined $1.5 billion primarily due to lower mortgage 
primarily due to less favorable valuations on MSRs, net of related 
banking income. Mortgage banking income declined $1.2 billion 
hedges, and an increase in the provision for representations and 
primarily due to less favorable valuations on MSRs, net of related 
warranties. All other noninterest loss decreased marginally and 
hedges, and an increase in the provision for representations and 
included a pre-tax gain of $793 million on the sale of the non-
warranties. All other noninterest loss decreased marginally and 
included a pre-tax gain of $793 million on the sale of the non-

U.S. credit card business and a downward valuation adjustment 
of  $946  million  on  tax-advantaged  energy  investments  in 
U.S. credit card business and a downward valuation adjustment 
connection with the Tax Act. Gains on sales of loans included in 
of  $946  million  on  tax-advantaged  energy  investments  in 
all other loss, including nonperforming and other delinquent loans, 
connection with the Tax Act. Gains on sales of loans included in 
were $134 million compared to gains of $232 million in the same 
all other loss, including nonperforming and other delinquent loans, 
period in 2016.
were $134 million compared to gains of $232 million in the same 
The benefit in the provision for credit losses increased $461 
period in 2016.
million to a benefit of $561 million primarily driven by continued 
The benefit in the provision for credit losses increased $461 
runoff of the non-core portfolio, loan sale recoveries and the sale 
million to a benefit of $561 million primarily driven by continued 
of the non-U.S. consumer credit card business. 
runoff of the non-core portfolio, loan sale recoveries and the sale 
Noninterest expense decreased $1.5 billion to $4.1 billion
of the non-U.S. consumer credit card business. 
driven by lower litigation expense, lower personnel expense and 
Noninterest expense decreased $1.5 billion to $4.1 billion
a decline in non-core mortgage servicing costs, partially offset by 
driven by lower litigation expense, lower personnel expense and 
a $316 million impairment charge related to certain data centers 
a decline in non-core mortgage servicing costs, partially offset by 
in the process of being sold.
a $316 million impairment charge related to certain data centers 
The income tax benefit was $1.0 billion in 2017 compared to 
in the process of being sold.
a benefit of $3.1 billion in 2016. The decrease in the tax benefit 
The income tax benefit was $1.0 billion in 2017 compared to 
was driven by the impacts of the Tax Act, including an estimated 
a benefit of $3.1 billion in 2016. The decrease in the tax benefit 
income tax expense of $1.9 billion related primarily to a lower 
was driven by the impacts of the Tax Act, including an estimated 
valuation  of  certain  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities.  Both 
income tax expense of $1.9 billion related primarily to a lower 
periods include income tax benefit adjustments to eliminate the 
valuation  of  certain  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities.  Both 
FTE treatment of certain tax credits recorded in Global Banking.
periods include income tax benefit adjustments to eliminate the 
FTE treatment of certain tax credits recorded in Global Banking.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and 
Contractual Obligations
We have contractual obligations to make future payments on debt 
Contractual Obligations
and  lease  agreements.  Additionally,  in  the  normal  course  of 
We have contractual obligations to make future payments on debt 
business,  we  enter  into  contractual  arrangements  whereby  we 
and  lease  agreements.  Additionally,  in  the  normal  course  of 
commit  to  future  purchases  of  products  or  services  from 
business,  we  enter  into  contractual  arrangements  whereby  we 
unaffiliated  parties.  Purchase  obligations  are  defined  as 
commit  to  future  purchases  of  products  or  services  from 
obligations that are legally binding agreements whereby we agree 
unaffiliated  parties.  Purchase  obligations  are  defined  as 
to purchase products or services with a specific minimum quantity 
obligations that are legally binding agreements whereby we agree 
at a fixed, minimum or variable price over a specified period of 
to purchase products or services with a specific minimum quantity 
time. Included in purchase obligations are vendor contracts, the 
at a fixed, minimum or variable price over a specified period of 
most  significant  of  which  include  communication  services, 
time. Included in purchase obligations are vendor contracts, the 
processing services and software contracts. Debt, lease and other 
most  significant  of  which  include  communication  services, 
obligations are more fully discussed in Note 11 – Long-term Debt
processing services and software contracts. Debt, lease and other 
and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated 
obligations are more fully discussed in Note 11 – Long-term Debt
Financial Statements. 
and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated 
Other  long-term  liabilities  include  our  contractual  funding 
Financial Statements. 
obligations related to the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension 
Other  long-term  liabilities  include  our  contractual  funding 
Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement 
obligations related to the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension 
Health and Life Plans (collectively, the Plans). Obligations to the 
Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement 
Plans are based on the current and projected obligations of the 
Health and Life Plans (collectively, the Plans). Obligations to the 
Plans,  performance  of  the  Plans’  assets,  and  any  participant 
Plans are based on the current and projected obligations of the 
contributions, if applicable. During 2017 and 2016, we contributed 
Plans,  performance  of  the  Plans’  assets,  and  any  participant 
$514 million and $256 million to the Plans, and we expect to make 
contributions, if applicable. During 2017 and 2016, we contributed 
$128 million of contributions during 2018. The Plans are more 
$514 million and $256 million to the Plans, and we expect to make 
fully  discussed  in  Note  17  –  Employee  Benefit  Plans  to  the 
$128 million of contributions during 2018. The Plans are more 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
fully  discussed  in  Note  17  –  Employee  Benefit  Plans  to  the 
We  enter  into  commitments  to  extend  credit  such  as  loan 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
commitments, standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and commercial 
We  enter  into  commitments  to  extend  credit  such  as  loan 
letters of credit to meet the financing needs of our customers. For 
commitments, standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and commercial 
a  summary  of  the  total  unfunded,  or  off-balance  sheet,  credit 
letters of credit to meet the financing needs of our customers. For 
extension  commitment  amounts  by  expiration  date,  see  Credit 
a  summary  of  the  total  unfunded,  or  off-balance  sheet,  credit 
Extension  Commitments  in  Note  12  –  Commitments  and 
extension  commitment  amounts  by  expiration  date,  see  Credit 
Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Extension  Commitments  in  Note  12  –  Commitments  and 
Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America 2017     55 

Bank of America 2017     55 

Table 11 includes certain contractual obligations at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table 11 Contractual Obligations

December 31, 2017

Due After
Three Years

December 31

2016

Due After
One Year
Through

Through
Five Years

Due After
Five Years

Due in One
Year or Less
42,057
$
2,256
1,317
61,038
1,681
5,590
113,939

(Dollars in millions)
Long-term debt
Operating lease obligations
Purchase obligations
Time deposits
Other long-term liabilities
Estimated interest expense on long-term debt and time deposits (1)

Total
216,823
13,620
5,742
74,944
4,567
39,447
355,143
(1)  Represents forecasted net interest expense on long-term debt and time deposits based on interest rates at December 31, 2017. Forecasts are based on the contractual maturity dates of each 

Three Years
42,145
$
4,072
1,426
4,990
1,234
8,796
62,663

Total
227,402
14,520
4,219
67,844
4,972
49,123
368,080

112,321
5,169
1,018
273
1,195
27,828
147,804

30,879
3,023
458
1,543
862
6,909
43,674

Total contractual obligations

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

liability, and are net of derivative hedges, where applicable.

Representations and Warranties
For  background  information  on  representations  and  warranties, 
see  Note  7  –  Representations  and  Warranties  Obligations  and 
Corporate Guarantees to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Breaches of representations and warranties made in connection 
with the sale of mortgage loans have resulted in and may continue 
to result in the requirement to repurchase mortgage loans or to 
otherwise  make  whole  or  provide  other  remedies  to  investors, 
securitization  trusts,  guarantors,  insurers  or  other  parties 
(collectively, repurchases). 

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $17.6 billion and 
$18.3  billion  of  unresolved  repurchase  claims,  predominately 
related to subprime and pay option first-lien loans and home equity 
loans originated primarily between 2004 and 2008.

In addition to unresolved repurchase claims, we have received 
notifications  indicating  that  we  may  have  indemnity  obligations 
with respect to specific loans for which we have not received a 
repurchase  request.  These  notifications  were  received  prior  to 
2015, and totaled $1.3 billion at both December 31, 2017 and 
2016. During 2017, we reached agreements with certain parties 
requesting  indemnity.  One  such  agreement  is  subject  to 
acceptance  by  a  securitization  trustee.  The  impact  of  these 
agreements  is  included  in  the  provision  and  reserve  for 
representations and warranties. 

The reserve for representations and warranties and corporate 
guarantees is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities 
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the related provision is 
included in mortgage banking income. At December 31, 2017 and 
2016, the reserve for representations and warranties was $1.9 
billion  and  $2.3  billion.  The  representations  and  warranties 
provision was $393 million for 2017 compared to $106 million 
for 2016 with the increase resulting from settlements or advanced 
negotiations with certain counterparties where we believe we will 
reach settlements on several outstanding legacy matters.

In addition, we currently estimate that the range of possible 
loss for representations and warranties exposures could be up to 
$1  billion  over  existing  accruals  at  December  31,  2017.  This 
estimate is lower than the estimate at December 31, 2016 due
to  recent  reductions  in  risk  as  we  reach  settlements  with 
counterparties. The estimated range of possible loss represents 

56     Bank of America 2017

a reasonably possible loss, but does not represent a probable 
loss, and is based on currently available information, significant 
judgment and a number of assumptions that are subject to change. 
Future provisions and/or ranges of possible loss associated 
with  obligations  under  representations  and  warranties  may  be 
significantly  impacted  if  future  experiences  are  different  from 
historical  experience  or  our  understandings,  interpretations  or 
assumptions. Adverse developments with respect to one or more 
of the assumptions underlying the reserve for representations and 
warranties  and  the  corresponding  estimated  range  of  possible 
loss, such as counterparties successfully challenging or avoiding 
the application of the relevant statute of limitations, could result 
in significant increases to future provisions and/or the estimated 
range of possible loss. For more information on representations 
and  warranties,  see  Note  7  –  Representations  and  Warranties 
Obligations  and  Corporate  Guarantees  to  the  Consolidated 
Financial  Statements  and,  for  more  information  related  to  the 
sensitivity of the assumptions used to estimate our liability for 
representations  and  warranties,  see  Complex  Accounting 
Estimates – Representations and Warranties Liability on page 102.

Other Mortgage-related Matters
We  continue  to  be  subject  to  mortgage-related  litigation  and 
disputes,  as  well  as  governmental  and  regulatory  scrutiny  and 
investigations,  related  to  our  past  and  current  origination, 
servicing,  transfer  of  servicing  and  servicing  rights,  servicing 
compliance  obligations,  foreclosure  activities,  indemnification 
obligations,  and  mortgage  insurance  and  captive  reinsurance 
practices  with  mortgage  insurers.  The  ongoing  environment  of 
regulatory scrutiny, heightened regulatory compliance obligations, 
and  enhanced  regulatory  enforcement,  combined  with  ongoing 
uncertainty related to the continuing evolution of the regulatory 
environment,  has 
increased  operational  and 
compliance costs and may limit our ability to continue providing 
certain  products  and  services.  For  more  information  on 
management’s estimate of the aggregate range of possible loss 
for certain litigation matters and on regulatory investigations, see 
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

resulted 

in 

Managing Risk

Overview
Risk  is  inherent  in  all  our  business  activities.  Sound  risk 
management enables us to serve our customers and deliver for 
our shareholders. If not managed well, risks can result in financial 
loss,  regulatory  sanctions  and  penalties,  and  damage  to  our 
reputation,  each  of  which  may  adversely  impact  our  ability  to 
execute  our  business  strategies.  We  take  a  comprehensive 
approach to risk management with a defined Risk Framework and 
an  articulated  Risk  Appetite  Statement  which  are  approved 
annually by the Enterprise Risk Committee (ERC) and the Board.
The  seven  key  types  of  risk  faced  by  the  Corporation  are 
strategic,  credit,  market,  liquidity,  compliance,  operational  and 
reputational risks.

Strategic risk is the risk resulting from incorrect assumptions 
about  external  or  internal  factors,  inappropriate  business 
plans,  ineffective  business  strategy  execution,  or  failure  to 
respond  in  a  timely  manner  to  changes  in  the  regulatory, 
macroeconomic or competitive environments in the geographic 
locations in which we operate.
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure 
of a borrower or counterparty to meet its obligations.
Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions may 
adversely impact the value of assets or liabilities, or otherwise 
negatively impact earnings.
Liquidity risk is the inability to meet expected or unexpected 
cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to support our 
businesses  and  customers  under  a  range  of  economic 
conditions.
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, 
material  financial  loss  or  damage  to  the  reputation  of  the 
Corporation arising from the failure of the Corporation to comply 
with the requirements of applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
related self-regulatory organizations’ standards and codes of 
conduct.
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate 
or  failed  internal  processes,  people  and  systems,  or  from 
external events.
Reputational risk is the risk that negative perceptions of the 
Corporation’s  conduct  or  business  practices  may  adversely 
impact its profitability or operations.
The  following  sections  address  in  more  detail  the  specific 
procedures, measures and analyses of the major categories of 
risk. This discussion of managing risk focuses on the current Risk 
Framework that, as part of its annual review process, was approved 
by the ERC and the Board.

As set forth in our Risk Framework, a culture of managing risk 
well  is  fundamental  to  our  values  and  operating  principles.  It 
requires us to focus on risk in all activities and encourages the 
necessary  mindset  and  behavior  to  enable  effective  risk 
management,  and  promotes  sound  risk-taking  within  our  risk 
appetite. Sustaining a culture of managing risk well throughout the 
organization is critical to our success and is a clear expectation 
of our executive management team and the Board.

Our Risk Framework serves as the foundation for the consistent 
and  effective  management of  risks facing the  Corporation. The 

Risk  Framework  sets  forth  clear  roles,  responsibilities  and 
accountability for the management of risk and provides a blueprint 
for how the Board, through delegation of authority to committees 
and executive officers, establishes risk appetite and associated 
limits for our activities.

Executive  management  assesses,  with  Board  oversight,  the 
risk-adjusted returns of each business. Management reviews and 
approves the strategic and financial operating plans, as well as 
the capital plan and Risk Appetite Statement, and recommends 
them annually to the Board for approval. Our strategic plan takes 
into consideration return objectives and financial resources, which 
must align with risk capacity and risk appetite. Management sets 
financial objectives for each business by allocating capital and 
setting a target for return on capital for each business. Capital 
allocations and operating limits are regularly evaluated as part of 
our  overall  governance  processes  as  the  businesses  and  the 
economic environment in which we operate continue to evolve. For 
more  information  regarding  capital  allocations,  see  Business 
Segment Operations on page 46.

The Corporation’s risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, 
earnings or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to achieve our 
strategic objectives and business plans, consistent with applicable 
regulatory requirements. Our risk appetite provides a common and 
comparable set of measures for senior management and the Board 
to clearly indicate our aggregate level of risk and to monitor whether 
the  Corporation’s  risk  profile  remains  in  alignment  with  our 
strategic and capital plans. Our risk appetite is formally articulated 
in the Risk Appetite Statement, which includes both qualitative 
components and quantitative limits.

For  a  more  detailed  discussion  of  our  risk  management 
activities, see the discussion below and pages 60 through 100. 
Our overall capacity to take risk is limited; therefore, we prioritize 
the risks we take in order to maintain a strong and flexible financial 
position so we can withstand challenging economic conditions and 
take advantage of organic growth opportunities. Therefore, we set 
objectives and targets for capital and liquidity that are intended 
to permit us to continue to operate in a safe and sound manner, 
including during periods of stress.

Our lines of business operate with risk limits (which may include 
credit, market and/or operational limits, as applicable) that are 
based on the amount of capital, earnings or liquidity we are willing 
to  put  at  risk  to  achieve  our  strategic  objectives  and  business 
plans.  Executive  management  is  responsible  for  tracking  and 
reporting performance measurements as well as any exceptions 
to  guidelines  or  limits.  The  Board,  and  its  committees  when 
appropriate,  oversees  financial  performance,  execution  of  the 
strategic and financial operating plans, adherence to risk appetite 
limits and the adequacy of internal controls.

Risk Management Governance
The Risk Framework describes delegations of authority whereby 
the  Board  and  its  committees  may  delegate  authority  to 
management-level  committees  or  executive  officers.  Such 
delegations may authorize certain decision-making and approval 
functions,  which  may  be  evidenced  in,  for  example,  committee 
charters, job descriptions, meeting minutes and resolutions.

Bank of America 2017     57 

The chart below illustrates the inter-relationship among the Board, Board committees and management committees that have the 

majority of risk oversight responsibilities for the Corporation. 

Board of Directors (1)

Board 
Committees

Audit 

Committee

Enterprise 

Risk

Committee

Corporate 
Governance
Committee

Compensation 
and Benefits
Committee

Management
Committees

Disclosure 
Committee (2)

Management 

Risk

Committee

(1) This presentation does not include committees for other legal entities.
(2) Reports to the CEO and CFO with oversight by the Audit Committee.

Board of Directors and Board Committees
The Board is comprised of 15 directors, all but one of whom are 
independent. The Board authorizes management to maintain an 
effective Risk Framework, and oversees compliance with safe and 
sound banking practices. In addition, the Board or its committees 
conduct inquiries of, and receive reports from management on 
risk-related matters to assess scope or resource limitations that 
could impede the ability of independent risk management (IRM) 
and/or Corporate Audit to execute its responsibilities. The Board 
committees discussed below have the principal responsibility for 
enterprise-wide  oversight  of  our  risk  management  activities. 
Through these activities, the Board and applicable committees are 
provided with information on our risk profile, and oversee executive 
management  addressing  key  risks  we  face.  Other  Board 
committees  as  described  below  provide  additional  oversight  of 
specific risks.

Each of the committees shown on the above chart regularly 
reports to the Board on risk-related matters within the committee’s 
responsibilities, which is intended to collectively provide the Board 
with integrated insight about our management of enterprise-wide 
risks.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee oversees the qualifications, performance and 
independence of the Independent Registered Public Accounting 
Firm, the performance of our corporate audit function, the integrity 
of our consolidated financial statements, our compliance with legal 
and regulatory requirements, and makes inquiries of management 
or the Corporate General Auditor (CGA) to determine whether there 
are  scope  or  resource  limitations  that  impede  the  ability  of 
Corporate  Audit  to  execute  its  responsibilities.  The  Audit 
Committee  is  also  responsible  for  overseeing  compliance  risk 
pursuant to the New York Stock Exchange listing standards.

Enterprise Risk Committee 
The  ERC  has  primary  responsibility  for  oversight  of  the  Risk 
Framework and key risks we face. It approves the Risk Framework 

58     Bank of America 2017

Reg O

Committee

Corporate 
Benefits 
Committee

Management 
Compensation 

Committee

and the Risk Appetite Statement and further recommends these 
documents to the Board for approval. The ERC oversees senior 
management’s 
identification, 
measurement, monitoring and control of key risks we face. The 
ERC  may  consult  with  other  Board  committees  on  risk-related 
matters.

responsibilities 

the 

for 

Other Board Committees
Our  Corporate  Governance  Committee  oversees  our  Board’s 
governance processes, identifies and reviews the qualifications of 
potential Board members, recommends nominees for election to 
our  Board,  recommends  committee  appointments  for  Board 
approval and reviews our Environmental, Social and Government 
(ESG) and stockholder engagement activities.

Our  Compensation  and  Benefits  Committee  oversees 
establishing,  maintaining  and  administering  our  compensation 
programs  and  employee  benefit  plans,  including  approving  and 
recommending our Chief Executive Officer’s (CEO) compensation 
to our Board for further approval by all independent directors, and 
reviewing  and  approving  all  of  our  executive  officers’ 
compensation,  as  well  as  compensation  for  non-management 
directors.

Management Committees
Management  committees  may  receive  their  authority  from  the 
Board, a Board committee, another management committee or 
from one or more executive officers. Our primary management-
level risk committee is the Management Risk Committee (MRC). 
Subject  to  Board  oversight,  the  MRC  is  responsible  for 
management oversight of key risks facing the Corporation. The 
MRC  provides  management  oversight  of  our  compliance  and 
operational 
risk  programs,  balance  sheet  and  capital 
management, funding activities and other liquidity activities, stress 
testing, trading activities, recovery and resolution planning, model 
risk, subsidiary governance, and activities between member banks 
and their nonbank affiliates pursuant to Federal Reserve rules and 
regulations, among other things.

Lines of Defense
We have clear ownership and accountability across three lines of 
defense: Front Line Units (FLUs), IRM and Corporate Audit. We 
also have control functions outside of FLUs and IRM (e.g., Legal 
and  Global  Human  Resources).  The  three  lines  of  defense  are 
integrated into our management-level governance structure. Each 
of these functional roles is described in more detail below.

Executive Officers
Executive  officers  lead  various  functions  representing  the 
functional roles. Authority for functional roles may be delegated 
to  executive  officers  from  the  Board,  Board  committees  or 
management-level  committees.  Executive  officers,  in  turn,  may 
further delegate responsibilities, as appropriate, to management-
level committees, management routines or individuals. Executive 
officers  review  our  activities  for  consistency  with  our  Risk 
Framework,  Risk  Appetite  Statement  and  applicable  strategic, 
capital and financial operating plans, as well as applicable policies, 
standards,  procedures  and  processes.  Executive  officers  and 
other employees make decisions individually on a day-to-day basis, 
consistent with the authority they have been delegated. Executive 
officers and other employees may also serve on committees and 
participate in committee decisions.

Front Line Units
FLUs include the lines of business as well as the Global Technology 
and  Operations  Group,  and  are  responsible  for  appropriately 
assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with 
their activities. 

Three  organizational  units  that  include  FLU  activities  and 
control function activities, but are not part of IRM are the Chief 
Financial  Officer  (CFO)  Group,  Global  Marketing  and  Corporate 
Affairs (GM&CA) and the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) Group.

Independent Risk Management
IRM  is  part  of  our  control  functions  and  includes  Global  Risk 
Management  and  Global  Compliance.  We  have  other  control 
functions that are not part of IRM (other control functions may also 
provide oversight to FLU activities), including Legal, Global Human 
Resources and certain activities within the CAO Group, CFO Group 
and GM&CA. IRM, led by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), is responsible 
for independently assessing and overseeing risks within FLUs and 
other control functions. IRM establishes written enterprise policies 
and  procedures  that  include  concentration  risk  limits,  where 
appropriate. Such policies and procedures outline how aggregate 
risks are identified, measured, monitored and controlled.

The  CRO  has  the  stature,  authority  and  independence  to 
develop and implement a meaningful risk management framework. 
The CRO has unrestricted access to the Board and reports directly 
to  both  the  ERC  and  to  the  CEO.  Global  Risk  Management  is 
organized into horizontal risk teams, FLU risk teams and control 
function  risk  teams  that  work  collaboratively  in  executing  their 
respective duties.

Within  IRM,  Global  Compliance  independently  assesses 
compliance risk, and evaluates adherence to applicable laws, rules 
and regulations, including identifying compliance issues and risks, 
performing monitoring and testing, and reporting on the state of 
compliance activities across the Corporation. Additionally, Global 
Compliance works with FLUs and control functions so that day-to-
day activities operate in a compliant manner.

Corporate Audit
Corporate Audit and the CGA maintain their independence from 
the FLUs, IRM and other control functions by reporting directly to 
the  Audit  Committee  or  the  Board.  The  CGA  administratively 
reports  to  the  CEO.  Corporate  Audit  provides  independent 
assessment and validation through testing of key processes and 
controls across the Corporation. Corporate Audit includes Credit 
Review which periodically tests and examines credit portfolios and 
processes.

Risk Management Processes
The  Risk  Framework  requires  that  strong  risk  management 
practices  are  integrated  in  key  strategic,  capital  and  financial 
planning processes and in day-to-day business processes across 
the Corporation, with a goal of ensuring risks are appropriately 
considered, evaluated and responded to in a timely manner.

We employ a risk management process, referred to as Identify, 

Measure, Monitor and Control, as part of our daily activities.

Identify – To be effectively managed, risks must be clearly defined 
and proactively identified. Proper risk identification focuses on 
recognizing  and  understanding  key  risks  inherent  in  our 
business activities or key risks that may arise from external 
factors. Each employee is expected to identify and escalate 
risks  promptly.  Risk  identification  is  an  ongoing  process, 
incorporating input from FLUs and control functions, designed 
to be forward looking and capture relevant risk factors across 
all of our lines of business. 

Measure  – Once  a  risk  is  identified,  it  must  be  prioritized  and 
accurately measured through a systematic risk quantification 
process  including  quantitative  and  qualitative  components. 
Risk is measured at various levels including, but not limited 
to, risk type, FLU, legal entity and on an aggregate basis. This 
risk quantification process helps to capture changes in our risk 
profile due to changes in strategic direction, concentrations, 
portfolio quality and the overall economic environment. Senior 
management considers how risk exposures might evolve under 
a variety of stress scenarios. 

Monitor – We monitor risk levels regularly to track adherence to 
risk appetite, policies, standards, procedures and processes. 
We  also  regularly  update  risk  assessments  and  review  risk 
exposures. Through our monitoring, we can determine our level 
of risk relative to limits and can take action in a timely manner. 
We also can determine when risk limits are breached and have 
processes  to  appropriately  report  and  escalate  exceptions. 
This includes requests for approval to managers and alerts to 
executive management, management-level committees or the 
Board (directly or through an appropriate committee).

Control – We establish and communicate risk limits and controls 
through policies, standards, procedures and processes that 
define  the  responsibilities  and  authority  for  risk-taking.  The 
limits  and  controls  can  be  adjusted  by  the  Board  or 
management  when  conditions  or  risk  tolerances  warrant. 
These  limits  may  be  absolute  (e.g.,  loan  amount,  trading 
volume) or relative (e.g., percentage of loan book in higher-risk 
categories).  Our  lines  of  business  are  held  accountable  to 
perform within the established limits.

Bank of America 2017     59 

risk  well 

The formal processes used to manage risk represent a part of 
our  overall  risk  management  process.  We  instill  a  strong  and 
comprehensive  culture  of  managing 
through 
communications, training, policies, procedures and organizational 
roles and responsibilities. Establishing a culture reflective of our 
purpose to help make our customers’ financial lives better and 
delivering  our  responsible  growth  strategy  are  also  critical  to 
effective risk management. We understand that improper actions, 
behaviors or practices that are illegal, unethical or contrary to our 
core  values  could  result  in  harm  to  the  Corporation,  our 
shareholders  or  our  customers,  damage  the  integrity  of  the 
financial markets, or negatively impact our reputation, and have 
established protocols and structures so that such conduct risk is 
governed and reported across the Corporation. Specifically, our 
Code of Conduct provides a framework for all of our employees to 
conduct  themselves  with  the  highest  integrity.  Additionally,  we 
continue to strengthen the link between the employee performance 
management process and individual compensation to encourage 
employees to work toward enterprise-wide risk goals.

Corporation-wide Stress Testing
Integral to our Capital Planning, Financial Planning and Strategic 
Planning processes, we conduct capital scenario management and 
stress forecasting on a periodic basis to better understand balance 
sheet, earnings and capital sensitivities to certain economic and 
business  scenarios,  including  economic  and  market  conditions 
that  are  more  severe  than  anticipated.  These  stress  forecasts 
provide an understanding of the potential impacts from our risk 
profile on the balance sheet, earnings and capital, and serve as 
a key component of our capital and risk management practices. 
The  intent  of  stress  testing  is  to  develop  a  comprehensive 
understanding of potential impacts of on- and off-balance sheet 
risks at the Corporation and how they impact financial resiliency, 
which  provides  confidence  to  management,  regulators  and  our 
investors. 

Contingency Planning
We  have  developed  and  maintain  contingency  plans  that  are 
designed  to  prepare  us  in  advance  to  respond  in  the  event  of 
potential  adverse  economic,  financial  or  market  stress.  These 
contingency  plans 
include  our  Capital  Contingency  Plan, 
Contingency  Funding  Plan  and  Recovery  Plan,  which  provide 
monitoring, escalation, actions and routines designed to enable 
us to increase capital, access funding sources and reduce risk 
through consideration of potential options that include asset sales, 
business  sales,  capital  or  debt  issuances,  or  other  de-risking 
strategies. We also maintain a Resolution Plan to limit adverse 
systemic  impacts  that  could  be  associated  with  a  potential 
resolution of Bank of America.

Strategic Risk Management
Strategic risk is embedded in every business and is one of the 
major  risk  categories  along  with  credit,  market,  liquidity, 
compliance, operational and reputational risks. This risk results 
from  incorrect  assumptions  about  external  or  internal  factors, 
inappropriate  business  plans,  ineffective  business  strategy 
execution, or failure to respond in a timely manner to changes in 
the regulatory, macroeconomic or competitive environments, in the 
geographic  locations  in  which  we  operate,  such  as  competitor 
actions,  changing customer preferences, product  obsolescence 
and  technology  developments.  Our  strategic  plan  is  consistent 
with our risk appetite, capital plan and liquidity requirements, and 
specifically addresses strategic risks.

On  an  annual  basis,  the  Board  reviews  and  approves  the 
strategic  plan,  capital  plan,  financial  operating  plan  and  Risk 
Appetite  Statement.  With  oversight  by  the  Board,  executive 
management directs the lines of business to execute our strategic 
plan consistent with our core operating principles and risk appetite. 
The executive management team monitors business performance 
throughout the year and provides the Board with regular progress 
reports on whether strategic objectives and timelines are being 
met,  including  reports  on  strategic  risks  and  if  additional  or 
alternative actions need to be considered or implemented. The 
regular executive reviews focus on assessing forecasted earnings 
and returns on capital, the current risk profile, current capital and 
liquidity  requirements,  staffing  levels  and  changes  required  to 
support  the  strategic  plan,  stress  testing  results,  and  other 
qualitative factors such as market growth rates and peer analysis. 
Significant strategic actions, such as capital actions, material 
acquisitions or divestitures, and resolution plans are reviewed and 
approved by the Board. At the business level, processes are in 
place to discuss the strategic risk implications of new, expanded 
or modified businesses, products or services and other strategic 
initiatives,  and  to  provide  formal  review  and  approval  where 
required.  With  oversight  by  the  Board  and  the  ERC,  executive 
management performs similar analyses throughout the year, and 
evaluates changes to the financial forecast or the risk, capital or 
liquidity positions as deemed appropriate to balance and optimize 
achieving  the  targeted  risk  appetite,  shareholder  returns  and 
maintaining the targeted financial strength. Proprietary models are 
used  to  measure  the  capital  requirements  for  credit,  country, 
market,  operational  and  strategic  risks.  The  allocated  capital 
assigned to each business is based on its unique risk profile. With 
oversight by the Board, executive management assesses the risk-
adjusted  returns  of  each  business  in  approving  strategic  and 
financial operating plans. The businesses use allocated capital to 
define business strategies, and price products and transactions.

60     Bank of America 2017

Capital Management
The Corporation manages its capital position so its capital is more 
than adequate to support its business activities and to maintain 
capital, risk and risk appetite commensurate with one another. 
Additionally, we seek to maintain safety and soundness at all times, 
even under adverse scenarios, take advantage of organic growth 
opportunities, meet obligations to creditors and counterparties, 
maintain ready access to financial markets, continue to serve as 
a  credit  intermediary,  remain  a  source  of  strength  for  our 
subsidiaries,  and  satisfy  current  and  future  regulatory  capital 
requirements. Capital management is integrated into our risk and 
governance processes, as capital is a key consideration in the 
development of our strategic plan, risk appetite and risk limits.

We conduct an Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process 
(ICAAP)  on  a  periodic  basis.  The  ICAAP  is  a  forward-looking 
assessment  of  our  projected  capital  needs  and  resources, 
incorporating earnings, balance sheet and risk forecasts under 
baseline and adverse economic and market conditions. We utilize 
periodic  stress  tests  to  assess  the  potential  impacts  to  our 
balance sheet, earnings, regulatory capital and liquidity under a 
variety  of  stress  scenarios.  We  perform  qualitative  risk 
assessments  to  identify  and  assess  material  risks  not  fully 
captured in our forecasts or stress tests. We assess the potential 
capital  impacts  of  proposed  changes  to  regulatory  capital 
requirements. Management assesses ICAAP results and provides 
documented quarterly assessments of the adequacy of our capital 
guidelines and capital position to the Board or its committees. 

We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses and 
allocate capital annually during the strategic and capital planning 
processes.  For  more  information,  see  Business  Segment 
Operations on page 46.

CCAR and Capital Planning
The Federal Reserve requires BHCs to submit a capital plan and 
requests for capital actions on an annual basis, consistent with 
the rules governing the CCAR capital plan.

On  June  28,  2017,  following  the  Federal  Reserve’s  non-
objection to our 2017 CCAR capital plan, the Board authorized the 
repurchase of $12.0 billion in common stock from July 1, 2017 
through  June  30,  2018,  plus  repurchases  expected  to  be 
approximately $900 million to offset the effect of equity-based 
compensation  plans  during  the  same  period.  On  December  5, 
2017,  following  approval  by  the  Federal  Reserve,  the  Board 
authorized the repurchase of an additional $5.0 billion of common 
stock  through  June  30,  2018.  The  common  stock  repurchase 
authorizations include both common stock and warrants. During 
2017,  pursuant  to  the  Board’s  authorizations,  including  those 
related to our 2016 CCAR capital plan that expired June 30, 2017, 
we repurchased $12.8 billion of common stock, which includes 
common stock repurchases to offset equity-based compensation 
awards. At December 31, 2017, our remaining stock repurchase 
authorization was $10.1 billion.

The timing and amount of common stock repurchases will be 
subject  to  various  factors,  including  the  Corporation’s  capital 
position, liquidity, financial performance and alternative uses of 
capital, stock trading price, and general market conditions, and 
may be suspended at any time. The common stock repurchases 
may  be  effected  through  open  market  purchases  or  privately 
negotiated transactions, including repurchase plans that satisfy 
the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934.  As  a  “well-capitalized”  BHC,  we  may  notify  the  Federal 
Reserve of our intention to make additional capital distributions 
not to exceed 0.25 percent of Tier 1 capital, and which were not 

contemplated in our capital plan, subject to the Federal Reserve’s 
non-objection.

Regulatory Capital
As  a  financial  services  holding  company,  we  are  subject  to 
regulatory capital rules issued by U.S. banking regulators including 
Basel  3,  which  includes  certain  transition  provisions  through 
January 1, 2019. The Corporation and its primary affiliated banking 
entity, BANA, are Basel 3 Advanced approaches institutions. 

Basel 3 Overview
Basel  3  updated  the  composition  of  capital  and  established  a 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio. Common equity tier 1 capital 
primarily 
includes  common  stock,  retained  earnings  and 
accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI), net of deductions 
and adjustments primarily related to goodwill, deferred tax assets, 
intangibles and defined benefit pension assets. Under the Basel 
3 regulatory capital transition provisions, certain deductions and 
adjustments  to  Common  equity  tier  1  capital  were  phased  in 
through January 1, 2018. In 2017, under the transition provisions, 
80 percent of these deductions and adjustments was recognized. 
Basel  3  also  revised  minimum  capital  ratios  and  buffer 
requirements, added a supplementary leverage ratio (SLR), and 
addressed  the  adequately  capitalized  minimum  requirements 
under the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework. Finally, Basel 
3 established two methods of calculating risk-weighted assets, 
the Standardized approach and the Advanced approaches. The 
Standardized approach relies primarily on supervisory risk weights 
based on exposure type, and the Advanced approaches determine 
risk weights based on internal models. During the fourth quarter 
of 2017, we obtained approval from U.S. banking regulators to 
use  our  Internal  Models  Methodology  (IMM)  to  calculate 
counterparty credit risk-weighted assets for derivatives under the 
Advanced approaches.

As  an  Advanced  approaches  institution,  we  are  required  to 
report regulatory risk-based capital ratios and risk-weighted assets 
under  both  the  Standardized  and  Advanced  approaches.  The 
approach  that  yields  the  lower  ratio  is  used  to  assess  capital 
adequacy including under the PCA framework.

Minimum Capital Requirements
Minimum  capital  requirements  and  related  buffers  are  being 
phased in from January 1, 2014 through January 1, 2019. The 
PCA framework establishes categories of capitalization including 
“well  capitalized,”  based  on  the  Basel  3  regulatory  ratio 
requirements. U.S. banking regulators are required to take certain 
mandatory actions depending on the category of capitalization, 
with no mandatory actions required for “well-capitalized” banking 
organizations, which included BANA at December 31, 2017. 

We  are  subject 

to  a  capital  conservation  buffer,  a 
countercyclical capital buffer and a global systemically important 
bank (G-SIB) surcharge that are being phased in over a three-year 
period  ending  January  1,  2019.  Once  fully  phased  in,  the 
Corporation’s risk-based capital ratio requirements will include a 
capital  conservation  buffer  greater  than  2.5  percent,  plus  any 
applicable countercyclical capital buffer and a G-SIB surcharge in 
order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary 
bonus payments. The buffers and surcharge must be comprised 
solely  of  Common  equity  tier  1  capital.  Under  the  phase-in 
provisions, we were required to maintain a capital conservation 
buffer greater than 1.25 percent plus a G-SIB surcharge of 1.5 
percent in 2017. The countercyclical capital buffer is currently set 
at zero. We estimate that our fully phased-in G-SIB surcharge will 

Bank of America 2017     61 

be 2.5 percent. The G-SIB surcharge may differ from this estimate 
over time. For more information on the Corporation’s transition 
and fully phased-in capital ratios and regulatory requirements, see 
Table 12.

Supplementary Leverage Ratio
Basel 3 requires Advanced approaches institutions to disclose an 
SLR. The numerator of the SLR is quarter-end Basel 3 Tier 1 capital. 
The denominator is total leverage exposure based on the daily 
average of the sum of on-balance sheet exposures less permitted 
Tier 1 deductions, as well as the simple average of certain off-
balance sheet exposures, as of the end of each month in a quarter. 
Effective  January  1,  2018,  the  Corporation  will  be  required  to 
maintain a minimum SLR of 3.0 percent, plus a leverage buffer of 
2.0  percent  in  order  to  avoid  certain  restrictions  on  capital 
distributions  and  discretionary  bonus  payments. 
Insured 

depository  institution  subsidiaries  of  BHCs  will  be  required  to 
maintain  a  minimum  6.0  percent  SLR  to  be  considered  “well 
capitalized” under the PCA framework.

Capital Composition and Ratios
Table 12 presents Bank of America Corporation’s transition and 
fully phased-in capital ratios and related information in accordance 
with Basel 3 Standardized and Advanced approaches as measured 
at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Fully phased-in estimates are 
non-GAAP financial measures that the Corporation considers to 
be useful measures in evaluating compliance with new regulatory 
capital requirements that are not yet effective. For reconciliations 
to GAAP financial measures, see Table 15. As of December 31, 
2017  and  2016,  the  Corporation  met  the  definition  of  “well 
capitalized” under current regulatory requirements.

Table 12 Bank of America Corporation Regulatory Capital under Basel 3 (1, 2)

(Dollars in millions, except as noted)
Risk-based capital metrics:

Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital (6)
Risk-weighted assets (in billions)
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio
Tier 1 capital ratio
Total capital ratio

Leverage-based metrics:

Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (7)
Tier 1 leverage ratio

SLR leverage exposure (in billions)
SLR

Risk-based capital metrics:

Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital (6)
Risk-weighted assets (in billions)
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio
Tier 1 capital ratio
Total capital ratio

Leverage-based metrics:

Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (7)
Tier 1 leverage ratio

SLR leverage exposure (in billions)
SLR

Transition

Standardized

Approach

Advanced

Approaches (3)

Regulatory 
Minimum (4)

Standardized

Approach

December 31, 2017

Fully Phased-in

Advanced

Approaches (3)

Regulatory 
Minimum (5)

$ 171,063
191,496
227,427
1,434

$ 171,063
191,496
218,529
1,449

$ 168,461
190,189
224,209
1,443

$ 168,461
190,189
215,311
1,459

11.9%
13.4
15.9

11.8%
13.2
15.1

7.25%
8.75
10.75

11.7%
13.2
15.5

$

2,224

$

2,224

$

2,223

8.6%

8.6%

4.0

8.6%

11.5%
13.0
14.8

2,223

8.6%

2,756

6.9%

$

$

December 31, 2016

$ 168,866
190,315
228,187
1,399

$ 168,866
190,315
218,981
1,530

$ 162,729
187,559
223,130
1,417

$ 162,729
187,559
213,924
1,512

12.1%
13.6
16.3

11.0%
12.4
14.3

5.875%
7.375
9.375

11.5%
13.2
15.8

$

2,131

$

2,131

$

2,131

8.9%

8.9%

4.0

8.8%

10.8%
12.4
14.2

2,131

8.8%

2,702

6.9%

$

$

9.5%

11.0
13.0

4.0

5.0

9.5%

11.0
13.0

4.0

5.0

(1)  As an Advanced approaches institution, we are required to report regulatory capital risk-weighted assets and ratios under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. The approach that yields 

the lower ratio is to be used to assess capital adequacy and was the Advanced approaches method at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(2)  Under the applicable bank regulatory rules, we are not required to and, accordingly, will not restate previously-filed regulatory capital metrics and ratios in connection with the change in accounting 
method under GAAP for stock-based compensation awards granted to retirement-eligible employees. Therefore, the December 31, 2016 amounts in the table are as originally reported. The cumulative 
impact of the change in accounting method resulted in an insignificant pro forma change to our capital metrics and ratios. For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting 
Principles to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(3)  During the fourth quarter of 2017, we obtained approval from U.S. banking regulators to use our IMM to calculate counterparty credit risk-weighted assets for derivatives under the Advanced 

approaches. Fully phased-in estimates for prior periods assumed approval.

(4)  The December 31, 2017 and 2016 amounts include a transition capital conservation buffer of 1.25 percent and 0.625 percent and a transition G-SIB surcharge of 1.5 percent and 0.75 percent. 

The countercyclical capital buffer for both periods is zero.

(5)  Fully phased-in regulatory minimums assume a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent and estimated G-SIB surcharge of 2.5 percent. The estimated fully phased-in countercyclical capital buffer 
is zero. We will be subject to fully phased-in regulatory minimums on January 1, 2019. The fully phased-in SLR minimum assumes a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent and is applicable on January 1, 
2018.

(6)  Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit losses.
(7)  Reflects adjusted average total assets for the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.

62     Bank of America 2017

Common  equity  tier  1  capital  under  Basel  3  Advanced  – 
Transition was $171.1 billion at December 31, 2017, an increase 
of $2.2 billion compared to December 31, 2016 driven by earnings 
and the exercise of warrants associated with the Series T preferred 
stock, partially offset by common stock repurchases, dividends 
and the phase-in under Basel 3 transition provisions of deductions, 
primarily related to deferred tax assets. During 2017, total capital 
decreased  $452  million  primarily  driven  by  common  stock 
repurchases, dividends, lower eligible credit reserves and tier 2 

capital instruments, in addition to the phase-in of Basel 3 transition 
provisions, partially offset by earnings.

Risk-weighted assets decreased $81 billion during 2017 to 
$1,449  billion  primarily  due  to  the  implementation  of  Internal 
Models Methodology (IMM) for derivatives, improvements in credit 
risk capital models, the sale of the non-U.S. consumer credit card 
business and continued run-off of non-core assets. 

Table 13 shows the capital composition as measured under 

Basel 3 – Transition at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

Table 13 Capital Composition under Basel 3 – Transition (1, 2)

(Dollars in millions)
Total common shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
Adjustments for amounts recorded in accumulated OCI attributed to AFS Securities and defined benefit postretirement plans
Adjustments for amounts recorded in accumulated OCI attributed to certain cash flow hedges
Intangibles, other than mortgage servicing rights and goodwill
Defined benefit pension fund assets
DVA related to liabilities and derivatives
Other

Common equity tier 1 capital

Qualifying preferred stock, net of issuance cost
Deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
Defined benefit pension fund assets
DVA related to liabilities and derivatives under transition
Other

Total Tier 1 capital

Long-term debt qualifying as Tier 2 capital
Eligible credit reserves included in Tier 2 capital
Nonqualifying capital instruments subject to phase out from Tier 2 capital
Other

Total Basel 3 Capital

December 31

2017

244,823
(68,576)
(5,244)
879
831
(1,395)
(910)
957
(302)
171,063
22,323
(1,311)
(228)
239
(590)
191,496
22,938
2,272
1,893
(70)
218,529

$

$

2016
241,620
(69,191)
(4,976)
1,899
895
(1,198)
(512)
413
(84)
168,866
25,220
(3,318)
(341)
276
(388)
190,315
23,365
3,035
2,271
(5)
218,981

$

$

(1)  See Table 12, footnotes 1 and 2.
(2)  Deductions from and adjustments to regulatory capital subject to transition provisions under Basel 3 are generally recognized in 20 percent annual increments, and are fully recognized as of January 

1, 2018. Any assets that are a direct deduction from the computation of capital are excluded from risk-weighted assets and adjusted average total assets.

Table 14 shows the components of risk-weighted assets as measured under Basel 3 – Transition at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table 14 Risk-weighted Assets under Basel 3 – Transition

Standardized

Approach

Advanced
Approaches

Standardized

Approach

Advanced
Approaches

(Dollars in billions)
Credit risk
Market risk
Operational risk
Risks related to CVA

Total risk-weighted assets

n/a = not applicable

$

$

2017
$

1,375
59
n/a
n/a
1,434

$

December 31

857
58
500
34
1,449

$

$

2016
$

1,334
65
n/a
n/a
1,399

$

903
63
500
64
1,530

Bank of America 2017     63 

Table  15  presents  a  reconciliation  of  regulatory  capital  in  accordance  with  Basel  3  Standardized  – Transition  to  the  Basel  3 
Standardized approach fully phased-in estimates and Basel 3 Advanced approaches fully phased-in estimates at December 31, 2017 
and 2016. 

Table 15 Regulatory Capital Reconciliations between Basel 3 Transition to Fully Phased-in (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Common equity tier 1 capital (transition)

Deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards phased in during transition
Accumulated OCI phased in during transition
Intangibles phased in during transition
Defined benefit pension fund assets phased in during transition
DVA related to liabilities and derivatives phased in during transition
Other adjustments and deductions phased in during transition

Common equity tier 1 capital (fully phased-in)
Additional Tier 1 capital (transition)

Deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards phased out during transition
Defined benefit pension fund assets phased out during transition
DVA related to liabilities and derivatives phased out during transition
Other transition adjustments to additional Tier 1 capital

Additional Tier 1 capital (fully phased-in)
Tier 1 capital (fully phased-in)
Tier 2 capital (transition)

Nonqualifying capital instruments phased out during transition
Other adjustments to Tier 2 capital

Tier 2 capital (fully phased-in)
Basel 3 Standardized approach Total capital (fully phased-in)

Change in Tier 2 qualifying allowance for credit losses

Basel 3 Advanced approaches Total capital (fully phased-in)

Risk-weighted assets – As reported to Basel 3 (fully phased-in)
Basel 3 Standardized approach risk-weighted assets as reported

Changes in risk-weighted assets from reported to fully phased-in

Basel 3 Standardized approach risk-weighted assets (fully phased-in)

Basel 3 Advanced approaches risk-weighted assets as reported

Changes in risk-weighted assets from reported to fully phased-in
Basel 3 Advanced approaches risk-weighted assets (fully phased-in)
(1)  See Table 12, footnotes 1, 2 and 4.

December 31

2017

171,063
(1,311)
(879)
(348)
(228)
239
(75)
168,461
20,433
1,311
228
(239)
(5)
21,728
190,189
27,033
(1,893)
8,880
34,020
224,209
(8,898)
215,311

$

$

2016
168,866
(3,318)
(1,899)
(798)
(341)
276
(57)
162,729
21,449
3,318
341
(276)
(2)
24,830
187,559
28,666
(2,271)
9,176
35,571
223,130
(9,206)
213,924

1,433,517
9,204
1,442,721

$ 1,399,477
17,638
$ 1,417,115

1,449,222
9,757
1,458,979

$ 1,529,903
(18,113)
$ 1,511,790

$

$

$

$

$

$

Bank of America, N.A. Regulatory Capital
Table 16 presents transition regulatory capital information for BANA in accordance with Basel 3 Standardized and Advanced approaches 
as measured at December 31, 2017 and 2016. As of December 31, 2017, BANA met the definition of “well capitalized” under the 
PCA framework.

Table 16 Bank of America, N.A. Regulatory Capital under Basel 3

(Dollars in millions)
Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital
Tier 1 leverage

Standardized Approach

Advanced Approaches

Ratio

Amount

Minimum
Required (1)

Ratio
December 31, 2017

Amount

Minimum
Required (1)

12.5% $ 150,552
12.5
150,552
13.6
163,243
150,552
9.0

6.5%
8.0
10.0
5.0

14.9% $ 150,552
14.9
150,552
15.4
154,675
150,552
9.0

6.5%
8.0
10.0
5.0

6.5%
8.0
10.0
5.0

Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital
Tier 1 leverage
(1)  Percent required to meet guidelines to be considered “well capitalized” under the PCA framework.

12.7% $ 149,755
149,755
12.7
13.9
163,471
149,755
9.3

December 31, 2016

6.5%
8.0
10.0
5.0

14.3% $ 149,755
149,755
14.3
14.8
154,697
149,755
9.3

64     Bank of America 2017

Regulatory Developments

Minimum Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity
The Federal Reserve has established a final rule effective January 
1, 2019, which includes minimum external total loss-absorbing 
capacity  (TLAC)  requirements  to  improve  the  resolvability  and 
resiliency  of  large,  interconnected  BHCs.  We  estimate  our 
minimum  required  external  TLAC  would  be  the  greater  of  22.5 
percent of risk-weighted assets or 9.5 percent of SLR leverage 
exposure. In addition, U.S. G-SIBs must meet a minimum long-
term debt requirement. Our minimum required long-term debt is 
estimated to be the greater of 8.5 percent of risk-weighted assets 
or  4.5  percent  of  SLR  leverage  exposure.  As  of  December  31, 
2017, the Corporation’s TLAC and long-term debt exceeded our 
estimated 2019 minimum requirements.

several 

finalized 

(Basel  Committee) 

Revisions to Approaches for Measuring Risk-weighted 
Assets
On  December  7,  2017,  the  Basel  Committee  on  Banking 
Supervision 
key 
methodologies for measuring risk-weighted assets. The revisions 
include  a  standardized  approach  for  credit  risk,  standardized 
approach  for  operational  risk,  revisions  to  the  credit  valuation 
adjustment (CVA) risk framework and constraints on the use of 
internal models. The Basel Committee had also previously finalized 
a revised standardized model for counterparty credit risk, revisions 
to the securitization framework and its fundamental review of the 
trading  book,  which  updates  both  modeled  and  standardized 
approaches  for  market  risk  measurement.  The  revisions  also 
include a capital floor set at 72.5 percent of total risk-weighted 
assets based on the revised standardized approaches to limit the 
extent  to  which  banks  can  reduce  risk-weighted  asset  levels 
through the use of internal models. U.S. banking regulators may 
update the U.S. Basel 3 rules to incorporate the Basel Committee 
revisions.

Revisions to the G-SIB Assessment Framework
On March 30, 2017, the Basel Committee issued a consultative 
document  with  proposed  revisions  to  the  G-SIB  surcharge 
assessment  framework.  The  proposed  revisions  would  include 
removing the cap on the substitutability category, expanding the 
scope of consolidation to include insurance subsidiaries in three 
categories 
interconnectedness  and  complexity)  and 
modifying 
the 
introduction  of  a  new  trading  volume  indicator.  The  Basel 
Committee  has  also  requested  feedback  on  a  new  short-term 
wholesale  funding  indicator,  which  would  be  included  in  the 
interconnectedness  category.  The  U.S.  banking  regulators  may 
update  the  U.S.  G-SIB  surcharge  rule  to  incorporate  the  Basel 
Committee revisions.

(size, 
the  substitutability  category  weights  with 

Broker-dealer Regulatory Capital and Securities 
Regulation
The  Corporation’s  principal  U.S.  broker-dealer  subsidiaries  are 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S) and 
Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp (MLPCC). MLPCC is a fully-
guaranteed  subsidiary  of  MLPF&S  and  provides  clearing  and 
settlement services. Both entities are subject to the net capital 
requirements of Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Rule 
15c3-1. Both entities are also registered as futures commission 
merchants  and  are  subject  to  the  Commodity  Futures  Trading 
Commission Regulation 1.17.

MLPF&S  has  elected  to  compute  the  minimum  capital 
requirement  in  accordance  with  the  Alternative  Net  Capital 
Requirement as permitted by SEC Rule 15c3-1. At December 31, 
2017, MLPF&S’s regulatory net capital as defined by Rule 15c3-1 
was $12.4 billion and exceeded the minimum requirement of $1.7 
billion  by  $10.7  billion.  MLPCC’s  net  capital  of  $3.4  billion 
exceeded  the  minimum  requirement  of  $543  million  by  $2.9 
billion.

In accordance with the Alternative Net Capital Requirements, 
MLPF&S is required to maintain tentative net capital in excess of 
$1.0 billion, net capital in excess of $500 million and notify the 
SEC in the event its tentative net capital is less than $5.0 billion. 
At December 31, 2017, MLPF&S had tentative net capital and net 
capital in excess of the minimum and notification requirements.
Merrill  Lynch  International  (MLI),  a  U.K.  investment  firm,  is 
regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial 
Conduct  Authority,  and  is  subject  to  certain  regulatory  capital 
requirements.  At  December  31,  2017,  MLI’s  capital  resources 
were  $35.1  billion  which  exceeded  the  minimum  Pillar  1 
requirement of $16.5 billion.

Liquidity Risk

Funding and Liquidity Risk Management
Our  primary  liquidity  risk  management  objective  is  to  meet 
expected  or  unexpected  cash  flow  and  collateral  needs  while 
continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range 
of economic conditions. To achieve that objective, we analyze and 
monitor our liquidity risk under expected and stressed conditions, 
maintain liquidity and access to diverse funding sources, including 
our  stable  deposit  base,  and  seek  to  align  liquidity-related 
incentives and risks.

We define liquidity as readily available assets, limited to cash 
and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities that we can use 
to meet our contractual and contingent financial obligations as 
those obligations arise. We manage our liquidity position through 
line of business and ALM activities, as well as through our legal 
entity funding strategy, on both a forward and current (including 
intraday) basis under both expected and stressed conditions. We 
believe  that  a  centralized  approach  to  funding  and  liquidity 
management  enhances  our  ability 
liquidity 
requirements, maximizes access to funding sources, minimizes 
borrowing  costs  and  facilitates  timely  responses  to  liquidity 
events.

to  monitor 

The Board approves our liquidity policy and the ERC approves 
the contingency funding plan, including establishing liquidity risk 
tolerance  levels.  The  MRC  monitors  our  liquidity  position  and 
reviews the impact of strategic decisions on our liquidity. The MRC 
is  responsible  for  overseeing  liquidity  risks  and  directing 
management  to  maintain  exposures  within  the  established 
tolerance  levels.  The  MRC  reviews  and  monitors  our  liquidity 
position, stress testing scenarios and results, and reviews and 
approves certain liquidity risk limits. For more information, see 
Managing Risk on page 57. Under this governance framework, we 
have  developed  certain  funding  and  liquidity  risk  management 
practices  which  include:  maintaining  liquidity  at  the  parent 
company  and  selected  subsidiaries, 
including  our  bank 
subsidiaries  and  other  regulated  entities;  determining  what 
amounts of liquidity are appropriate for these entities based on 
analysis  of debt  maturities  and  other  potential cash outflows, 

Bank of America 2017     65 

including those that we may experience during stressed market 
conditions;  diversifying  funding  sources,  considering  our  asset 
profile  and  legal  entity  structure;  and  performing  contingency 
planning.

NB Holdings Corporation
In 2016, we entered into intercompany arrangements with certain 
key subsidiaries under which we transferred certain of our parent 
company assets, and agreed to transfer certain additional parent 
company  assets  not  needed  to  satisfy  anticipated  near-term 
expenditures, to NB Holdings Corporation, a wholly-owned holding 
company  subsidiary  (NB  Holdings).  The  parent  company  is 
expected to continue to have access to the same flow of dividends, 
interest and other amounts of cash necessary to service its debt, 
pay dividends and perform other obligations as it would have had 
if it had not entered into these arrangements and transferred any 
assets.

In consideration for the transfer of assets, NB Holdings issued 
a subordinated note to the parent company in a principal amount 
equal  to  the  value  of  the  transferred  assets.  The  aggregate 
principal amount of the note will increase by the amount of any 
future  asset  transfers.  NB  Holdings  also  provided  the  parent 
company with a committed line of credit that allows the parent 
company  to  draw  funds  necessary  to  service  near-term  cash 
needs. These arrangements support our preferred single point of 
entry resolution strategy, under which only the parent company 
would  be  resolved  under  the  U.S.  Bankruptcy  Code.  These 
arrangements include provisions to terminate the line of credit, 
forgive the subordinated note and require the parent company to 
transfer  its  remaining  financial  assets  to  NB  Holdings  if  our 
projected liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolution 
of the parent company becomes imminent.

Global Liquidity Sources and Other Unencumbered Assets
We maintain liquidity available to the Corporation, including the 
parent company and selected subsidiaries, in the form of cash 
and  high-quality,  liquid,  unencumbered  securities.  Our  liquidity 
buffer, referred to as Global Liquidity Sources (GLS), is comprised 
of assets that are readily available to the parent company and 
selected subsidiaries, including holding company, bank and broker-
dealer subsidiaries, even during stressed market conditions. Our 
cash is primarily on deposit with the Federal Reserve and, to a 
lesser  extent,  central  banks  outside  of  the  U.S.  We  limit  the 
composition  of  high-quality,  liquid,  unencumbered  securities  to 
U.S. government securities, U.S. agency securities, U.S. agency 
MBS and a select group of non-U.S. government securities. We 
can  quickly  obtain  cash  for  these  securities,  even  in  stressed 
conditions, through repurchase agreements or outright sales. We 
hold our GLS in legal entities that allow us to meet the liquidity 
requirements of our global businesses, and we consider the impact 
of potential regulatory, tax, legal and other restrictions that could 
limit the transferability of funds among entities.

For the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
our average GLS were $522 billion and $515 billion, as shown in 
Table 17.

Table 17 Average Global Liquidity Sources

(Dollars in billions)
Parent company and NB Holdings
Bank subsidiaries
Other regulated entities

Total Average Global Liquidity Sources

Three Months Ended

December 31

2017

2016

$

$

79
394
49
522

$

$

77
389
49
515

Parent company and NB Holdings average liquidity was $79 
billion and $77 billion for the three months ended December 31, 
2017 and 2016. The increase in parent company and NB Holdings 
average liquidity was primarily due to debt issuances outpacing 
maturities. Typically, parent company and NB Holdings liquidity is 
in the form of cash deposited with BANA.

Average liquidity held at our bank subsidiaries was $394 billion 
and $389 billion for the three months ended December 31, 2017
and 2016. Our bank subsidiaries’ liquidity is primarily driven by 
deposit and lending activity, as well as securities valuation and 
net debt activity. Liquidity at bank subsidiaries excludes the cash 
deposited  by  the  parent  company  and  NB  Holdings.  Our  bank 
subsidiaries can also generate incremental liquidity by pledging a 
range of unencumbered loans and securities to certain FHLBs and 
the Federal Reserve Discount Window. The cash we could have 
obtained by borrowing against this pool of specifically-identified 
eligible assets was $308 billion and $310 billion at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, with the decrease due to FHLB borrowings, which 
reduced  available  borrowing  capacity,  and  adjustments  to  our 
valuation model. We have established operational procedures to 
enable  us  to  borrow  against  these  assets,  including  regularly 
monitoring our total pool of eligible loans and securities collateral. 
Eligibility is defined in guidelines from the FHLBs and the Federal 
Reserve  and  is  subject  to  change  at  their  discretion.  Due  to 
regulatory restrictions, liquidity generated by the bank subsidiaries 
can  generally  be  used  only  to  fund  obligations  within  the  bank 
subsidiaries,  and  transfers  to  the  parent  company  or  nonbank 
subsidiaries may be subject to prior regulatory approval.

Average liquidity held at our other regulated entities, comprised 
primarily of broker-dealer subsidiaries, was $49 billion for both the 
three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Our other 
regulated  entities  also  held  unencumbered  investment-grade 
securities and equities that we believe could be used to generate 
additional liquidity. Liquidity held in an other regulated entity is 
primarily  available  to  meet  the  obligations  of  that  entity  and 
transfers to the parent company or to any other subsidiary may be 
subject to prior regulatory approval due to regulatory restrictions 
and minimum requirements.

66     Bank of America 2017

Table 18 presents the composition of average GLS for the three 

months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table 18 Average Global Liquidity Sources Composition

(Dollars in billions)
Cash on deposit
U.S. Treasury securities
U.S. agency securities and mortgage-backed

securities

Non-U.S. government securities

Total Average Global Liquidity Sources

$

$

Three Months Ended

December 31

2017

2016

118
62

330
12
522

$

$

118
58

322
17
515

Our GLS are substantially the same in composition to what 
qualifies as High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) under the final U.S. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) rules. However, HQLA for purposes 
of calculating LCR is not reported at market value, but at a lower 
value that incorporates regulatory deductions and the exclusion 
of  excess  liquidity  held  at  certain  subsidiaries.  The  LCR  is 
calculated as the amount of a financial institution’s unencumbered 
HQLA relative to the estimated net cash outflows the institution 
could encounter over a 30-day period of significant liquidity stress, 
expressed as a percentage. For the three months ended December 
31, 2017, our average consolidated HQLA, on a net basis, was 
$439 billion and the average consolidated LCR was 125 percent. 
Our LCR will fluctuate due to normal business flows from customer 
activity.

Liquidity Stress Analysis and Time-to-required Funding
We utilize liquidity stress analysis to assist us in determining the 
appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the parent company 
and our subsidiaries. The liquidity stress testing process is an 
integral part of analyzing our potential contractual and contingent 
cash  outflows.  We  evaluate  the  liquidity  requirements  under  a 
range of scenarios with varying levels of severity and time horizons. 
The scenarios we consider and utilize incorporate market-wide and 
Corporation-specific  events,  including  potential  credit  rating 
downgrades  for  the  parent  company  and  our  subsidiaries,  and 
more severe events including potential resolution scenarios. The 
scenarios are based on our historical experience, experience of 
distressed and failed financial institutions, regulatory guidance, 
and both expected and unexpected future events.

The types of potential contractual and contingent cash outflows 
we consider in our scenarios may include, but are not limited to, 
upcoming contractual maturities of unsecured debt and reductions 
in  new  debt  issuance;  diminished  access  to  secured  financing 
markets; potential deposit withdrawals; increased draws on loan 
commitments, liquidity facilities and letters of credit; additional 
collateral that counterparties could call if our credit ratings were 
downgraded;  collateral  and  margin  requirements  arising  from 
market value changes; and potential liquidity required to maintain 
businesses and finance customer activities. Changes in certain 
market  factors,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  credit  rating 
downgrades,  could  negatively  impact  potential  contractual  and 
contingent outflows and the related financial instruments, and in 
some  cases  these  impacts  could  be  material  to  our  financial 
results.

We consider all sources of funds that we could access during 
each stress scenario and focus particularly on matching available 
sources with corresponding liquidity requirements by legal entity. 

We also use the stress modeling results to manage our asset and 
liability  profile  and  establish  limits  and  guidelines  on  certain 
funding sources and businesses.

We  use  a  variety  of  metrics  to  determine  the  appropriate 
amounts of liquidity to maintain at the parent company and our 
subsidiaries. One metric we use to evaluate the appropriate level 
of liquidity at the parent company and NB Holdings is “time-to-
required funding” (TTF). This debt coverage measure indicates the 
number of months the parent company can continue to meet its 
unsecured contractual obligations as they come due using only 
the parent company and NB Holdings’ liquidity sources without 
issuing any new debt or accessing any additional liquidity sources. 
We define unsecured contractual obligations for purposes of this 
metric  as  maturities  of  senior  or  subordinated  debt  issued  or 
guaranteed by Bank of America Corporation. These include certain 
unsecured debt instruments, primarily structured liabilities, which 
we may be required to settle for cash prior to maturity. TTF was 
49 months at December 31, 2017 compared to 35 months at 
December  31,  2016.  The  increase  in  TTF  was  driven  by  debt 
issuances outpacing maturities.

Net Stable Funding Ratio
U.S. banking regulators issued a proposal for a Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (NSFR) requirement applicable to U.S. financial institutions 
following the Basel Committee’s final standard. The proposed U.S. 
NSFR would apply to the Corporation on a consolidated basis and 
to our insured depository institutions. While the final requirement 
remains pending and is subject to change, if finalized as proposed, 
we expect to be in compliance within the regulatory timeline. The 
standard  is  intended  to  reduce  funding  risk  over  a  longer  time 
horizon. The NSFR is designed to provide an appropriate amount 
of stable funding, generally capital and liabilities maturing beyond 
one year, given the mix of assets and off-balance sheet items.

Diversified Funding Sources
We fund our assets primarily with a mix of deposits and secured 
and  unsecured 
through  a  centralized,  globally 
coordinated  funding  approach  diversified  across  products, 
programs, markets, currencies and investor groups.

liabilities 

The  primary  benefits  of  our  centralized  funding  approach 
include  greater  control,  reduced  funding  costs,  wider  name 
recognition by investors and greater flexibility to meet the variable 
funding  requirements  of  subsidiaries.  Where  regulations,  time 
zone differences or other business considerations make parent 
company funding impractical, certain other subsidiaries may issue 
their own debt.

We fund a substantial portion of our lending activities through 
our  deposits,  which  were  $1.31  trillion  and  $1.26  trillion  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. Deposits are primarily generated 
by our Consumer Banking, GWIM and Global Banking segments. 
These  deposits  are  diversified  by  clients,  product  type  and 
geography, and the majority of our U.S. deposits are insured by 
the FDIC. We consider a substantial portion of our deposits to be 
a stable, low-cost and consistent source of funding. We believe 
this  deposit  funding  is  generally  less  sensitive  to  interest  rate 
changes, market volatility or changes in our credit ratings than 
wholesale  funding  sources.  Our  lending  activities  may  also  be 
financed  through  secured  borrowings,  including  credit  card 
securitizations  and  securitizations  with  government-sponsored 
enterprises, the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and private-
label investors, as well as FHLB loans.

Bank of America 2017     67 

Our trading activities in other regulated entities are primarily 
funded  on  a  secured  basis  through  securities  lending  and 
repurchase  agreements and  these  amounts will  vary  based  on 
customer activity and market conditions. We believe funding these 
activities in the secured financing markets is more cost-efficient 
and less sensitive to changes in our credit ratings than unsecured 
financing. Repurchase agreements are generally short-term and 
often  overnight.  Disruptions  in  secured  financing  markets  for 
financial institutions have occurred in prior market cycles which 
resulted in adverse changes in terms or significant reductions in 
the availability of such financing. We manage the liquidity risks 
arising from secured funding by sourcing funding globally from a 
diverse group of counterparties, providing a range of securities 
collateral  and  pursuing  longer durations,  when  appropriate.  For 
more information on secured financing agreements, see Note 10 
–  Federal  Funds  Sold  or  Purchased,  Securities  Financing 
Agreements  and  Short-term  Borrowings  to  the  Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

We issue long-term unsecured debt in a variety of maturities 
and currencies to achieve cost-efficient funding and to maintain 
an appropriate maturity profile. While the cost and availability of 
unsecured funding may be negatively impacted by general market 
conditions or by matters specific to the financial services industry 
or the Corporation, we seek to mitigate refinancing risk by actively 
managing the amount of our borrowings that we anticipate will 
mature within any month or quarter.

During  2017,  we  issued  $53.3  billion  of  long-term  debt 
consisting  of  $37.7  billion  for  Bank  of  America  Corporation, 
substantially all of which was TLAC compliant, $8.2 billion for Bank 
of America, N.A. and $7.4 billion of other debt.

In  December  2017,  pursuant  to  a  private  offering,  we 
exchanged  $11.0  billion  of  outstanding  long-term  debt  for  new 
fixed/floating-rate  senior  notes,  subject  to  certain  terms  and 
conditions, to extend maturities and improve the structure of this 
debt for TLAC purposes. Based on the attributes of the exchange 
transactions,  the  newly  issued  securities  are  not  considered 
substantially  different,  for  accounting  purposes,  from  the 
exchanged securities. Therefore, there was no impact to our results 
of operations as any amounts paid to debt holders were capitalized, 
and the premiums or discounts on the outstanding long-term debt 
were carried over to the new securities and will be amortized over 
their contractual lives using a revised effective interest rate.

Table  19  presents  our  long-term  debt  by  major  currency  at 

December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table 19 Long-term Debt by Major Currency

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. dollar
Euro
British pound
Australian dollar
Japanese yen
Canadian dollar
Other

Total long-term debt

December 31

2017

175,623
35,481
7,016
3,046
2,993
1,966
1,277
227,402

$

$

2016
172,082
28,236
6,588
2,900
3,919
1,049
2,049
216,823

$

$

Total long-term debt increased $10.6 billion, or five percent, in 
2017, primarily due to issuances outpacing maturities. We may, 
from  time  to  time,  purchase  outstanding  debt  instruments  in 
various transactions, depending on prevailing market conditions, 
liquidity and other factors. In addition, our other regulated entities 

68     Bank of America 2017

may make markets in our debt instruments to provide liquidity for 
investors.

We use derivative transactions to manage the duration, interest 
rate  and  currency  risks  of  our  borrowings,  considering  the 
characteristics of the assets they are funding. For more information 
on our ALM activities, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the 
Banking Book on page 97.

We may also issue unsecured debt in the form of structured 
notes for client purposes, certain of which qualify as TLAC eligible 
debt. During 2017, we issued  $5.4 billion of structured notes, 
which are debt obligations that pay investors returns linked to other 
debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or commodities. We 
typically  hedge  the  returns  we  are  obligated  to  pay  on  these 
liabilities  with  derivatives  and/or  investments  in  the  underlying 
instruments, so that from a funding perspective, the cost is similar 
to our other unsecured long-term debt. We could be required to 
settle  certain  structured  note  obligations  for  cash  or  other 
securities prior to maturity under certain circumstances, which we 
consider for liquidity planning purposes. We believe, however, that 
a portion of such borrowings will remain outstanding beyond the 
earliest put or redemption date.

Substantially  all  of  our  senior  and  subordinated  debt 
obligations contain no provisions that could trigger a requirement 
for an early repayment, require additional collateral support, result 
in  changes  to  terms,  accelerate  maturity  or  create  additional 
financial obligations upon an adverse change in our credit ratings, 
financial  ratios,  earnings,  cash  flows  or  stock  price.  For  more 
information on long-term debt funding, see Note 11 – Long-term 
Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Contingency Planning
We maintain contingency funding plans that outline our potential 
responses to liquidity stress events at various levels of severity. 
These  policies  and  plans  are  based  on  stress  scenarios  and 
include  potential  funding  strategies  and  communication  and 
notification procedures that we would implement in the event we 
experienced stressed liquidity conditions. We periodically review 
and test the contingency funding plans to validate efficacy and 
assess readiness.

Our  U.S.  bank  subsidiaries  can  access  contingency  funding 
through the Federal Reserve Discount Window. Certain non-U.S. 
subsidiaries  have  access  to  central  bank  facilities  in  the 
jurisdictions in which they operate. While we do not rely on these 
sources  in  our  liquidity  modeling,  we  maintain  the  policies, 
procedures and governance processes that would enable us to 
access these sources if necessary.

Credit Ratings
Our borrowing costs and ability to raise funds are impacted by our 
credit  ratings.  In  addition,  credit  ratings  may  be  important  to 
customers or counterparties when we compete in certain markets 
and when we seek to engage in certain transactions, including 
over-the-counter  (OTC)  derivatives.  Thus,  it  is  our  objective  to 
maintain high-quality credit ratings, and management maintains 
an active dialogue with the major rating agencies.

Credit ratings and outlooks are opinions expressed by rating 
agencies on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or 
securities,  including  long-term  debt,  short-term  borrowings, 
preferred  stock  and  other  securities, 
including  asset 
securitizations. Our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by 
the  rating  agencies,  and  they  consider  a  number  of  factors, 
including our own financial strength, performance, prospects and 
operations as well as factors not under our control. The rating 
agencies could make adjustments to our ratings at any time, and 

they provide no assurances that they will maintain our ratings at 
current levels.

Other factors that influence our credit ratings include changes 
to the rating agencies’ methodologies for our industry or certain 
security types; the rating agencies’ assessment of the general 
operating  environment  for  financial  services  companies;  our 
relative positions in the markets in which we compete; our various 
risk  exposures  and  risk  management  policies  and  activities; 
pending litigation and other contingencies or potential tail risks; 
our reputation; our liquidity position, diversity of funding sources 
and funding costs; the current and expected level and volatility of 
our  earnings;  our  capital  position  and  capital  management 
practices; our corporate governance; the sovereign credit ratings 
of the U.S. government; current or future regulatory and legislative 
initiatives;  and  the  agencies’  views  on  whether  the  U.S. 
government would provide meaningful support to the Corporation 
or its subsidiaries in a crisis.

On  December  6,  2017,  Moody’s  Investors  Services,  Inc. 
(Moody’s)  upgraded  the  long-term  ratings  of  Bank  of  America 
Corporation  and  certain  subsidiaries,  including  BANA,  by  one 
notch, moving their senior debt ratings to A3 and Aa3, respectively. 
The upgrade was based on the agency’s expectations for continued 
improvement in the Corporation’s profitability and management’s 
continued commitment to a conservative risk profile. At the same 
time,  Moody’s  affirmed  all  the  short-term  ratings  for  Bank  of 
America  Corporation  and 
its  rated  subsidiaries.  Moody’s 
concurrently moved the outlook on the ratings to stable. This action 
concluded  the  review  for  upgrade  that  Moody’s  initiated  on 
September 12, 2017.

On  November  22,  2017,  Standard  &  Poor’s  Global  Ratings 
(S&P) upgraded Bank of America Corporation’s long-term senior 
debt rating to A- from BBB+ following the agency’s periodic review 
of our ratings. S&P cited the improvement in the Corporation’s risk 
profile,  while  continuing  to  improve  profitability  metrics,  as  the 
driver for the upgrade, including tightening underwriting standards, 
reducing  exposure  to  market  risk,  growing  conservatively,  and 
resolving legacy legal issues. S&P concurrently affirmed the ratings 
of the Corporation’s rated core operating subsidiaries, including 
BANA,  MLPF&S,  MLI  and  Bank  of  America  Merrill  Lynch 
International  Limited.  Those  entities  were  affirmed  rather  than 
upgraded since their ratings had reached an inflection point under 
S&P’s  methodology  where  the  one  notch  S&P  added  to  its 
assessment  of  our 
(called  an 
Unsupported  Group  Credit  Profile,  or  UGCP)  resulted  in  the 
subsidiaries receiving one less notch of support uplift under the 
agency’s  Additional  Loss  Absorbing  Capacity  framework,  thus 
leaving those entities’ ratings unchanged. S&P retained a stable 
outlook on the ratings of Bank of America Corporation and its core 
operating subsidiaries following the upgrade.

intrinsic  creditworthiness 

On September 28, 2017, Fitch Ratings (Fitch) completed its 
latest review of 12 large, complex securities trading and universal 
banks, including Bank of America. The agency affirmed the long-
term  and  short-term  senior  debt  ratings  of  Bank  of  America 
Corporation  and  its  rated  subsidiaries,  including  BANA,  and 
maintained its stable outlook on those ratings.

Table 20 presents the Corporation’s current long-term/short-
term  senior  debt  ratings  and  outlooks  expressed  by  the  rating 
agencies.

Table 20 Senior Debt Ratings

Moody’s Investors Service

Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings

Long-term

Short-term

Bank of America Corporation
Bank of America, N.A.
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &

Smith Incorporated

Merrill Lynch International
NR = not rated

A3
Aa3

NR
NR

P-2
P-1

NR
NR

Outlook
Stable
Stable

NR
NR

Long-term

Short-term

A-
A+

A+
A+

A-2
A-1

A-1
A-1

Outlook
Stable
Stable

Stable
Stable

Long-term

Fitch Ratings
Short-term

A
A+

A+
A

F1
F1

F1
F1

Outlook
Stable
Stable

Stable
Stable

A reduction in certain of our credit ratings or the ratings of 
certain asset-backed securitizations may have a material adverse 
effect on our liquidity, potential loss of access to credit markets, 
the related cost of funds, our businesses and on certain trading 
revenues,  particularly  in  those  businesses  where  counterparty 
creditworthiness is critical. In addition, under the terms of certain 
OTC  derivative  contracts  and  other  trading  agreements,  in  the 
event of downgrades of our or our rated subsidiaries’ credit ratings, 
the counterparties to those agreements may require us to provide 
additional  collateral,  or  to  terminate  these  contracts  or 
agreements,  which  could  cause  us  to  sustain  losses  and/or 
adversely impact our liquidity. If the short-term credit ratings of 
our  parent  company,  bank  or  broker-dealer  subsidiaries  were 
downgraded by one or more levels, the potential loss of access to 
short-term funding sources such as repo financing and the effect 
on our incremental cost of funds could be material.

While  certain  potential 

impacts  are  contractual  and 
quantifiable, the full scope of the consequences of a credit rating 
downgrade to a financial institution is inherently uncertain, as it 

depends  upon  numerous  dynamic,  complex  and  inter-related 
factors and assumptions, including whether any downgrade of a 
company’s long-term credit ratings precipitates downgrades to its 
short-term  credit  ratings,  and  assumptions  about  the  potential 
behaviors of various customers, investors and counterparties. For 
more information on potential impacts of credit rating downgrades, 
see Liquidity Risk – Time-to-required Funding and Liquidity Stress 
Analysis on page 67.

For  more  information  on  the  additional  collateral  and 
termination payments that could be required in connection with 
certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements as 
a result of such a credit rating downgrade, see Note 2 – Derivatives
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Common Stock Dividends
For  a  summary  of  our  declared  quarterly  cash  dividends  on 
common stock during 2017 and through February 22, 2018, see 
Note  13  –  Shareholders’  Equity  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements.

Bank of America 2017     69 

Credit Risk Management
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of 
a borrower or counterparty to meet its obligations. Credit risk can 
also arise from operational failures that result in an erroneous 
advance, commitment or investment of funds. We define the credit 
exposure to a borrower or counterparty as the loss potential arising 
from all product classifications including loans and leases, deposit 
overdrafts, derivatives, assets held-for-sale and unfunded lending 
commitments which include loan commitments, letters of credit 
and financial guarantees. Derivative positions are recorded at fair 
value and assets held-for-sale are recorded at either fair value or 
the  lower  of  cost  or  fair  value.  Certain  loans  and  unfunded 
commitments are accounted for under the fair value option. Credit 
risk for categories of assets carried at fair value is not accounted 
for as part of the allowance for credit losses but as part of the fair 
value adjustments recorded in earnings. For derivative positions, 
our  credit  risk  is  measured  as  the  net  cost  in  the  event  the 
counterparties with contracts in which we are in a gain position 
fail to perform under the terms of those contracts. We use the 
current  fair  value  to  represent  credit  exposure  without  giving 
consideration to future mark-to-market changes. The credit risk 
amounts take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable 
master netting agreements and cash collateral. Our consumer and 
commercial credit extension and review procedures encompass 
funded and unfunded credit exposures. For more information on 
derivatives  and  credit  extension  commitments,  see  Note  2  – 
Derivatives and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower 
or  counterparty,  repayment  sources,  the  nature  of  underlying 
collateral, and other support given current events, conditions and 
expectations.  We  classify  our  portfolios  as  either  consumer  or 
commercial and monitor credit risk in each as discussed below.

We  refine  our  underwriting  and  credit  risk  management 
practices  as  well  as  credit  standards  to  meet  the  changing 
economic environment. To mitigate losses and enhance customer 
support in our consumer businesses, we have in place collection 
programs  and  loan  modification  and  customer  assistance 
infrastructures. We utilize a number of actions to mitigate losses 
in the commercial businesses including increasing the frequency 
and  intensity  of  portfolio  monitoring,  hedging  activity  and  our 
practice of transferring management of deteriorating commercial 
exposures to independent special asset officers as credits enter 
criticized categories.

For more information on our credit risk management activities, 
see  Consumer  Portfolio  Credit  Risk  Management  below, 
Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 79, Non-
U.S. Portfolio on page 86, Provision for Credit Losses on page 88, 
Allowance for Credit Losses on page 88, and Note 4 – Outstanding 
Loans and Leases and Note 5 – Allowance for Credit Losses to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

During  the  third  quarter  of  2017,  hurricanes  impacted  the 
southern United States and the Caribbean, bringing widespread 
flooding and wind damage to communities across the region. In 
the weeks after these storms, we supported our customers and 
clients in these communities by providing mobile financial centers 
and ATMs. In addition, we provided support for the recovery efforts 
including proactive fee refunds in affected areas, as well as home 
loan and other credit assistance, including payment deferrals, for 
impacted individuals and businesses. We do not believe that these 
storms will have a material financial impact on the Corporation.

Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management
Credit risk management for the consumer portfolio begins with 
initial underwriting and continues throughout a borrower’s credit 
cycle.  Statistical  techniques  in  conjunction  with  experiential 
judgment  are  used  in  all  aspects  of  portfolio  management 
including underwriting, product pricing, risk appetite, setting credit 
limits,  and  establishing  operating  processes  and  metrics  to 
quantify and balance risks and returns. Statistical models are built 
using detailed behavioral information from external sources such 
as credit bureaus and/or internal historical experience and are a 
component  of  our  consumer  credit  risk  management  process. 
These models are used in part to assist in making both new and 
ongoing  credit  decisions,  as  well  as  portfolio  management 
strategies,  including  authorizations  and  line  management, 
collection  practices  and  strategies,  and  determination  of  the 
allowance for loan and lease losses and allocated capital for credit 
risk.

Consumer Credit Portfolio
Improvement  in  the  U.S.  unemployment  rate  and  home  prices 
continued  during  2017  resulting  in  improved  credit  quality  and 
lower credit losses in the consumer real estate portfolio, partially 
offset by seasoning and loan growth in the U.S. credit card portfolio 
compared to 2016. 

Improved credit quality, the sale of the non-U.S. consumer credit 
card business in 2017, continued loan balance run-off and sales 
in  the  consumer  real  estate  portfolio  drove  a  $839  million
decrease in the consumer allowance for loan and lease losses in 
2017 to $5.4 billion at December 31, 2017. For more information, 
see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 88.

For  more  information  on  our  accounting  policies  regarding 
delinquencies,  nonperforming  status,  charge-offs  and  troubled 
debt restructurings (TDRs) for the consumer portfolio, including 
those  related  to  bankruptcy  and  repossession,  see  Note  1  – 
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

Table 21 presents our outstanding consumer loans and leases, 
consumer nonperforming loans and accruing consumer loans past 
due 90 days or more. Nonperforming loans do not include past 
due consumer credit card loans, other unsecured loans and in 
general, consumer loans not secured by real estate (bankruptcy 
loans are included) as these loans are typically charged off no 
later than the end of the month in which the loan becomes 180 
days past due. Real estate-secured past due consumer loans that 
are  insured  by  the  FHA  or  individually  insured  under  long-term 
standby  agreements  with  Fannie  Mae  (FNMA)  and  Freddie  Mac 
(FHLMC) (collectively, the fully-insured loan portfolio) are reported 
as  accruing  as  opposed  to  nonperforming  since  the  principal 
repayment is insured. Fully-insured loans included in accruing past 
due  90  days  or  more  are  primarily  from  our  repurchases  of 
delinquent FHA loans pursuant to our servicing agreements with 
the  Government  National  Mortgage  Association 
(GNMA). 
Additionally, nonperforming loans and accruing balances past due 
90 days or more do not include the PCI loan portfolio or loans 
accounted for under the fair value option even though the customer 
may be contractually past due.

For  more  information  on  PCI  loans,  see  Consumer  Portfolio 
Credit  Risk  Management  –  Purchased  Credit-impaired  Loan 
Portfolio on page 76 and Note 4 – Outstanding Loans and Leases
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

70     Bank of America 2017

Table 21 Consumer Credit Quality

(Dollars in millions)
Residential mortgage (1)
Home equity 
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer (2)
Other consumer (3)

Consumer loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option

Loans accounted for under the fair value option (4)

Total consumer loans and leases (5)

Percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases (6)
Percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases, excluding PCI and fully-insured 

loan portfolios (6)

 

Outstandings

2017

$ 203,811
57,744
96,285
—
93,830
2,678
$ 454,348
928
$ 455,276
n/a

2016

$ 191,797
66,443
92,278
9,214
94,089
2,499
$ 456,320
1,051
$ 457,371
n/a

Nonperforming
December 31
2017
$ 2,476
2,644
n/a
n/a
46
—
$ 5,166

2016
$ 3,056
2,918
n/a
n/a
28
2
$ 6,004

Accruing Past Due
90 Days or More

2017
$ 3,230
—
900
—
40
—
$ 4,170

2016
$ 4,793
—
782
66
34
4
$ 5,679

1.14%

1.32%

0.92%

1.24%

n/a

n/a

1.23

1.45

0.22

0.21

(1)  Residential mortgage loans accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, residential mortgage includes $2.2 billion and $3.0 billion of loans on which 
interest had been curtailed by the FHA, and therefore were no longer accruing interest, although principal was still insured, and $1.0 billion and $1.8 billion of loans on which interest was still accruing.
(2)  Outstandings include auto and specialty lending loans of $49.9 billion and $48.9 billion, unsecured consumer lending loans of $469 million and $585 million, U.S. securities-based lending loans 
of $39.8 billion and $40.1 billion, non-U.S. consumer loans of $3.0 billion for both periods, student loans of $0 and $497 million and other consumer loans of $684 million and $1.1 billion at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(3)  Outstandings include consumer leases of $2.5 billion and $1.9 billion, consumer overdrafts of $163 million and $157 million and consumer finance loans of $0 and $465 million at December 31, 

2017 and 2016.

(4)  Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option include residential mortgage loans of $567 million and $710 million and home equity loans of $361 million and $341 million at December 

(5) 

31, 2017 and 2016. For more information on the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Includes $9.2 billion of non-U.S. credit card loans, which were included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. In 2017, the Corporation sold 
its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.

(6)   Balances exclude consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, $26 million and $48 million of loans accounted for under the fair value option were 

past due 90 days or more and not accruing interest.

n/a = not applicable

Table 22 presents net charge-offs and related ratios for consumer loans and leases.

Table 22 Consumer Net Charge-offs and Related Ratios

(Dollars in millions)
Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer

Total

Net Charge-offs (1)

2017

2016

Net Charge-off Ratios (1, 2)

2017

2016

$

$

(100) $
213
2,513
75
211
166
3,078

$

131
405
2,269
175
134
205
3,319

(0.05)%
0.34
2.76
1.91
0.23
6.35
0.68

0.07%
0.57
2.58
1.83
0.15
8.95
0.74

(1)  Net charge-offs exclude write-offs in the PCI loan portfolio. For more information, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.
(2)  Net charge-off ratios are calculated as net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans and leases excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.

Net charge-offs, as shown in Tables 22 and 23, exclude write-
offs in the PCI loan portfolio of $131 million and $144 million in 
residential mortgage and $76 million and $196 million in home 
equity for 2017 and 2016. Net charge-off ratios including the PCI 
write-offs  were  0.02  percent  and  0.15  percent  for  residential 
mortgage and 0.47 percent and 0.84 percent for home equity in 
2017  and  2016.  For  more  information  on  PCI  write-offs,  see 
Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Purchased Credit-
impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.

Table 23 presents outstandings, nonperforming balances, net 
charge-offs, allowance for loan and lease losses and provision for 
loan and lease losses for the core and non-core portfolios within 
the consumer real estate portfolio. We categorize consumer real 

estate loans as core and non-core based on loan and customer 
characteristics such as origination date, product type, LTV, FICO 
score  and  delinquency  status  consistent  with  our  current 
consumer and mortgage servicing strategy. Generally, loans that 
were originated after January 1, 2010, qualified under government-
sponsored enterprise underwriting guidelines, or otherwise met 
our underwriting guidelines in place in 2015 are characterized as 
core loans. All other loans are generally characterized as non-core 
loans and represent run-off portfolios. Core loans as reported in 
Table 23 include loans held in the Consumer Banking and GWIM
segments, as well as loans held for ALM activities in All Other. For 
more information, see Note 4 – Outstanding Loans and Leases to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Bank of America 2017     71 

As shown in Table 23, outstanding core consumer real estate loans increased $15.0 billion during 2017 driven by an increase of 

$20.1 billion in residential mortgage, partially offset by a $5.1 billion decrease in home equity. 

Table 23 Consumer Real Estate Portfolio (1)

 

Outstandings

Nonperforming

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

December 31

Net Charge-offs (2)

(Dollars in millions)
Core portfolio

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total core portfolio

Non-core portfolio

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total non-core portfolio

Consumer real estate portfolio

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total consumer real estate portfolio

Core portfolio

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total core portfolio

Non-core portfolio

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total non-core portfolio

Consumer real estate portfolio

$

$

176,618
44,245
220,863

27,193
13,499
40,692
 
203,811
57,744
261,555

$

$

$

156,497
49,373
205,870

35,300
17,070
52,370

191,797
66,443
258,240

$

$

$

$

$

(45) $
100
55

(55)
113
58

(100)
213
113

$

(29)
113
84

160
292
452

131
405
536

Provision for Loan
and Lease Losses

2017

2016

(79) $
(91)
(170)

(201)
(339)
(540)

(98)
10
(88)

(86)
(84)
(170)

1,087
1,079
2,166
 
1,389
1,565
2,954
 
2,476
2,644
5,120

$

$

1,274
969
2,243

1,782
1,949
3,731

3,056
2,918
5,974

Allowance for Loan 
and Lease Losses

December 31

2017

2016

$

252
560
812

760
1,178
1,938

218
367
585
 
483
652
1,135
 
701
1,019
1,720

Residential mortgage
Home equity

(184)
(74)
(258)
(1)  Outstandings and nonperforming loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option included residential mortgage loans of 
$567 million and $710 million and home equity loans of $361 million and $341 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016. For more information, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

Total consumer real estate portfolio

(280)
(430)
(710) $

1,012
1,738
2,750

$

$

$

(2)  Net charge-offs exclude write-offs in the PCI loan portfolio. For more information, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.

We believe that the presentation of information adjusted to 
exclude the impact of the PCI loan portfolio, the fully-insured loan 
portfolio and loans accounted for under the fair value option is 
more representative of the ongoing operations and credit quality 
of the business. As a result, in the following discussions of the 
residential  mortgage  and  home  equity  portfolios,  we  provide 
information that excludes the impact of the PCI loan portfolio, the 
fully-insured loan portfolio and loans accounted for under the fair 
value  option  in  certain  credit  quality  statistics.  We  separately 
disclose information on the PCI loan portfolio on page 76.

Residential Mortgage
The  residential  mortgage  portfolio  makes  up  the  largest 
percentage  of  our  consumer  loan  portfolio  at  45  percent  of 
consumer loans and leases at December 31, 2017. Approximately 
37 percent of the residential mortgage portfolio is in Consumer 
Banking and approximately 35 percent is in GWIM. The remaining 
portion  is  in  All  Other  and  is  comprised  of  originated  loans, 
purchased loans used in our overall ALM activities, delinquent FHA 
loans  repurchased  pursuant  to  our  servicing  agreements  with 
GNMA as well as loans repurchased related to our representations 
and warranties. 

Outstanding  balances  in  the  residential  mortgage  portfolio, 
excluding  loans  accounted  for  under  the  fair  value  option, 
increased $12.0 billion in 2017 as retention of new originations 
was partially offset by loan sales of $3.9 billion, and run-off. 

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the residential mortgage 
portfolio included $23.7 billion and $28.7 billion of outstanding 
fully-insured  loans.  On  this  portion  of  the  residential  mortgage 
portfolio, we are protected against principal loss as a result of 
either FHA insurance or long-term standby agreements that provide 
for the transfer of credit risk to FNMA and FHLMC. At December 
31,  2017  and  2016,  $17.4  billion  and  $22.3  billion  had  FHA 
insurance  with  the  remainder  protected  by  long-term  standby 
agreements. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, $5.2 billion and 
$7.4 billion of the FHA-insured loan population were repurchases 
of delinquent FHA loans pursuant to our servicing agreements with 
GNMA.

Table  24  presents  certain  residential  mortgage  key  credit 
statistics on both a reported basis excluding loans accounted for 
under the fair value option, and excluding the PCI loan portfolio, 
the fully-insured loan portfolio and loans accounted for under the 
fair value option. Additionally, in the “Reported Basis” columns in 
the following table, accruing balances past due and nonperforming 
loans do not include the PCI loan portfolio, in accordance with our 
accounting  policies,  even  though  the  customer  may  be 
contractually past due. As such, the following discussion presents 
the residential mortgage portfolio excluding the PCI loan portfolio, 
the fully-insured loan portfolio and loans accounted for under the 
fair value option. For more information on the PCI loan portfolio, 
see page 76.

72     Bank of America 2017

Table 24 Residential Mortgage – Key Credit Statistics

(Dollars in millions)
Outstandings
Accruing past due 30 days or more
Accruing past due 90 days or more
Nonperforming loans
Percent of portfolio

Refreshed LTV greater than 90 but less than or equal to 100
Refreshed LTV greater than 100
Refreshed FICO below 620
2006 and 2007 vintages (2)

Reported Basis (1)

Excluding Purchased
Credit-impaired and
Fully-insured Loans

$

2017
203,811
5,987
3,230
2,476

$

December 31

2016
191,797
8,232
4,793
3,056

$

2017
172,069
1,521
—
2,476

$

2016
152,941
1,835
 —
3,056

 
3 %
2
6
10

 
5%
4
9
13

 
2 %
1
3
8

 
3%
3
4
12

2017

2016

2017

2016

Net charge-off ratio (3)
(1)  Outstandings, accruing past due, nonperforming loans and percentages of portfolio exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
(2)  These vintages of loans accounted for $825 million, or 33 percent, and $931 million, or 31 percent, of nonperforming residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(3)  Net charge-off ratios are calculated as net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.

(0.05)%

(0.06)%

0.07%

0.09%

Nonperforming  residential  mortgage  loans  decreased  $580 
million in 2017 as outflows, including sales of $460 million and 
net transfers to held-for-sale of $132 million, outpaced new inflows 
which included the addition of $140 million of nonperforming loans 
as a result of clarifying regulatory guidance related to bankruptcy 
loans.  Of  the  nonperforming  residential  mortgage  loans  at 
December 31, 2017, $860 million, or 35 percent, were current on 
contractual payments. Loans accruing past due 30 days or more 
decreased  $314  million  due  in  part  to  the  timing  impact  of  a 
consumer real estate servicer conversion that occurred during the 
fourth quarter of 2016. 

Net charge-offs decreased $231 million to $100 million of net 
recoveries in 2017 compared to $131 million of net charge-offs 
in 2016. This decrease in net charge-offs was primarily driven by 
net  recoveries  of  $105  million  related  to  loan  sales  in  2017, 
compared to loan sale-related net charge-offs of $26 million in 
2016.  Additionally,  net  charge-offs  declined  due  to  favorable 
portfolio trends and decreased write-downs on loans greater than 
180 days past due driven by improvement in home prices and the 
U.S. economy. 

Loans  with  a  refreshed  LTV  greater  than  100  percent 
represented  one  percent  and  three  percent  of  the  residential 
mortgage loan portfolio at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Of the 
loans with a refreshed LTV greater than 100 percent, 98 percent 
were performing at both December 31, 2017 and 2016. Loans 
with a refreshed LTV greater than 100 percent reflect loans where 
the outstanding carrying value of the loan is greater than the most 
recent valuation of the property securing the loan. The majority of 
these  loans  have  a  refreshed  LTV  greater  than  100  percent 
primarily  due  to  home  price  deterioration  since  2006,  partially 
offset by subsequent appreciation. 

Of  the  $172.1  billion  in  total  residential  mortgage  loans 
outstanding at December 31, 2017, as shown in Table 25, 33 

percent were originated as interest-only loans. The outstanding 
balance  of  interest-only  residential  mortgage  loans  that  have 
entered the amortization period was $10.4 billion, or 18 percent, 
at  December  31,  2017.  Residential  mortgage  loans  that  have 
entered  the  amortization  period  generally  have  experienced  a 
higher rate of early stage delinquencies and nonperforming status 
compared  to  the  residential  mortgage  portfolio  as  a  whole.  At 
December 31, 2017, $283 million, or three percent of outstanding 
interest-only  residential  mortgages  that  had  entered  the 
amortization  period  were  accruing  past  due  30  days  or  more 
compared to $1.5 billion, or one percent for the entire residential 
mortgage  portfolio.  In  addition,  at  December  31,  2017,  $509 
million,  or  five  percent  of  outstanding  interest-only  residential 
mortgage  loans  that  had  entered  the  amortization  period  were 
nonperforming, of which $253 million were contractually current, 
compared to $2.5 billion, or one percent for the entire residential 
mortgage  portfolio,  of  which  $860  million  were  contractually 
current. Loans that have yet to enter the amortization period in 
our interest-only residential mortgage portfolio are primarily well-
collateralized loans to our wealth management clients and have 
an interest-only period of three to ten years. More than 80 percent 
of these loans that have yet to enter the amortization period will 
not be required to make a fully-amortizing payment until 2020 or 
later.

Table 25 presents outstandings, nonperforming loans and net 
charge-offs  by  certain  state  concentrations  for  the  residential 
mortgage  portfolio.  The  Los  Angeles-Long  Beach-Santa  Ana 
Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) within California represented 
16 percent and 15 percent of outstandings at December 31, 2017 
and 2016. In the New York area, the New York-Northern New Jersey-
Long  Island  MSA  made  up  13  percent  and  12  percent  of 
outstandings at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

Bank of America 2017     73 

Table 25 Residential Mortgage State Concentrations

(Dollars in millions)
California
New York (3)
Florida (3)
Texas
New Jersey (3)
Other U.S./Non-U.S.

Residential mortgage loans (4)

Fully-insured loan portfolio
Purchased credit-impaired residential mortgage loan portfolio (5)

Total residential mortgage loan portfolio

 

Outstandings (1)

Nonperforming (1)

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

December 31

Net Charge-offs (2)

$

$

$

68,455
17,239
10,880
7,237
6,099
62,159
172,069
23,741
8,001
203,811

$

$

$

$

$

58,295
14,476
10,213
6,607
5,307
58,043
152,941
28,729
10,127
191,797

$

$

433
227
280
126
130
1,280
2,476
 
 
 

554
290
322
132
174
1,584
3,056
 
 
 

$

(103) $

(2)
(13)
1
—
17

$

(100) $

(70)
18
20
9
25
129
131

(1)  Outstandings and nonperforming loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)  Net charge-offs excluded $131 million and $144 million of write-offs in the residential mortgage PCI loan portfolio in 2017 and 2016. For more information on PCI write-offs, see Consumer Portfolio 

Credit Risk Management – Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.
In these states, foreclosure requires a court order following a legal proceeding (judicial states).

(3) 
(4)  Amounts exclude the PCI residential mortgage and fully-insured loan portfolios.
(5)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, 47 percent and 48 percent of PCI residential mortgage loans were in California. There were no other significant single state concentrations.

Home Equity
At December 31, 2017, the home equity portfolio made up 13 
percent of the consumer portfolio and is comprised of home equity 
lines  of  credit  (HELOCs),  home  equity  loans  and  reverse 
mortgages.

At December 31, 2017, our HELOC portfolio had an outstanding 
balance of $51.2 billion, or 89 percent of the total home equity 
portfolio compared to $58.6 billion, or 88 percent, at December 
31, 2016. HELOCs generally have an initial draw period of 10 years 
and after the initial draw period ends, the loans generally convert 
to 15-year amortizing loans.

At December 31, 2017, our home equity loan portfolio had an 
outstanding balance of $4.4 billion, or seven percent of the total 
home equity portfolio compared to $5.9 billion, or nine percent, 
at December 31, 2016. Home equity loans are almost all fixed-
rate loans with amortizing payment terms of 10 to 30 years and 
of the $4.4 billion at December 31, 2017, 57 percent have 25- to 
30-year  terms.  At  December  31,  2017,  our  reverse  mortgage 
portfolio had an outstanding balance, excluding loans accounted 
for under the fair value option, of $2.1 billion, or four percent of 
the total home equity portfolio compared to $1.9 billion, or three 
percent, at December 31, 2016. We no longer originate reverse 
mortgages. 

At December 31, 2017, approximately 69 percent of the home 
equity portfolio was in Consumer Banking, 23 percent was in All 
Other and the remainder of the portfolio was primarily in GWIM. 
Outstanding balances in the home equity portfolio, excluding loans 
accounted for under the fair value option, decreased $8.7 billion 
in 2017 primarily due to paydowns and charge-offs outpacing new 

originations and draws on existing lines. Of the total home equity 
portfolio at December 31, 2017 and 2016, $18.7 billion and $19.6 
billion, or 32 percent and 29 percent, were in first-lien positions 
(34  percent  and  31  percent  excluding  the  PCI  home  equity 
portfolio). At December 31, 2017, outstanding balances in the 
home equity portfolio that were in a second-lien or more junior-lien 
position and where we also held the first-lien loan totaled $9.4 
billion, or 17 percent of our total home equity portfolio excluding 
the PCI loan portfolio.

Unused  HELOCs  totaled  $44.2  billion  and  $47.2  billion  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The decrease was primarily due 
to  accounts  reaching  the  end  of  their  draw  period,  which 
automatically  eliminates  open  line  exposure,  and  customers 
choosing to close accounts. Both of these more than offset the 
impact  of  new  production.  The  HELOC  utilization  rate  was  54 
percent and 55 percent at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table  26  presents  certain  home  equity  portfolio  key  credit 
statistics on both a reported basis excluding loans accounted for 
under the fair value option, and excluding the PCI loan portfolio 
and loans accounted for under the fair value option. Additionally, 
in the “Reported Basis” columns in the following table, accruing 
balances past due 30 days or more and nonperforming loans do 
not  include  the  PCI  loan  portfolio,  in  accordance  with  our 
accounting  policies,  even  though  the  customer  may  be 
contractually past due. As such, the following discussion presents 
the home equity portfolio excluding the PCI loan portfolio and loans 
accounted for under the fair value option. For more information on 
the PCI loan portfolio, see page 76.

74     Bank of America 2017

Table 26 Home Equity – Key Credit Statistics

(Dollars in millions)
Outstandings
Accruing past due 30 days or more (2)
Nonperforming loans (2)
Percent of portfolio

Refreshed CLTV greater than 90 but less than or equal to 100
Refreshed CLTV greater than 100
Refreshed FICO below 620
2006 and 2007 vintages (3)

Reported Basis (1)

Excluding Purchased
Credit-impaired Loans

December 31

$

2017
57,744
502
2,644

$

2016
66,443
566
2,918

$

2017

55,028
502
2,644

$

2016
62,832
566
2,918

3%
5
6
29

5%
8
7
37

3%
4
6
27

4%
7
6
34

2017

2016

2017

2016

Net charge-off ratio (4)
(1)  Outstandings, accruing past due, nonperforming loans and percentages of the portfolio exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)  Accruing past due 30 days or more included $67 million and $81 million and nonperforming loans included $344 million and $340 million of loans where we serviced the underlying first-lien at 

0.60%

0.57%

0.36%

0.34%

December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(3)  These vintages of loans have higher refreshed combined loan-to-value (CLTV) ratios and accounted for 52 percent and 50 percent of nonperforming home equity loans at December 31, 2017 and 

2016, and 91 percent and 54 percent of net charge-offs in 2017 and 2016.

(4)  Net charge-off ratios are calculated as net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.

Nonperforming  outstanding  balances  in  the  home  equity 
portfolio decreased $274 million in 2017 as outflows, including 
$66 million of net transfers to held-for-sale and $51 million of 
sales, outpaced new inflows, which included the addition of $135 
million of nonperforming loans as a result of clarifying regulatory 
guidance related to bankruptcy loans. Of the nonperforming home 
equity portfolio at December 31, 2017, $1.4 billion, or 54 percent, 
were current on contractual payments. Nonperforming loans that 
are contractually current primarily consist of collateral-dependent 
TDRs,  including  those  that  have  been  discharged  in  Chapter  7 
bankruptcy, junior-lien loans where the underlying first-lien is 90 
days  or  more  past  due,  as  well  as  loans  that  have  not  yet 
demonstrated  a  sustained  period  of  payment  performance 
following  a  TDR.  In  addition,  $693  million,  or  26  percent,  of 
nonperforming home equity loans were 180 days or more past due 
and  had  been  written  down  to  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the 
collateral, less costs to sell. Accruing loans that were 30 days or 
more past due decreased $64 million in 2017.

In some cases, the junior-lien home equity outstanding balance 
that we hold is performing, but the underlying first-lien is not. For 
outstanding balances in the home equity portfolio on which we 
service the first-lien loan, we are able to track whether the first-
lien loan is in default. For loans where the first-lien is serviced by 
a  third  party,  we  utilize  credit  bureau  data  to  estimate  the 
delinquency status of the first-lien. Given that the credit bureau 
database  we  use  does  not  include  a  property  address  for  the 
mortgages,  we  are  unable  to  identify  with  certainty  whether  a 
reported  delinquent  first-lien  mortgage  pertains  to  the  same 
property for which we hold a junior-lien loan. For certain loans, we 
utilize a third-party vendor to combine credit bureau and public 
record data to better link a junior-lien loan with the underlying first-
lien mortgage. At December 31, 2017, we estimate that $814 
million of current and $141 million of 30 to 89 days past due 
junior-lien loans were behind a delinquent first-lien loan. We service 
the first-lien loans on $184 million of these combined amounts, 
with the remaining $771 million serviced by third parties. Of the 
$955 million of current to 89 days past due junior-lien loans, based 
on available credit bureau data and our own internal servicing data, 
we estimate that approximately $330 million had first-lien loans 
that were 90 days or more past due. 

Net charge-offs decreased $192 million to $213 million in 2017
compared to $405 million in 2016 driven by favorable portfolio 
trends due in part to improvement in home prices and the U.S. 
economy, partially offset by $32 million of charge-offs as a result 
of clarifying regulatory guidance related to bankruptcy loans. 

Outstanding balances with a refreshed CLTV greater than 100 
percent comprised four percent and seven percent of the home 
equity portfolio at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Outstanding 
balances with a refreshed CLTV greater than 100 percent reflect 
loans where our loan and available line of credit combined with 
any outstanding senior liens against the property are equal to or 
greater than the most recent valuation of the property securing 
the loan. Depending on the value of the property, there may be 
collateral in excess of the first-lien that is available to reduce the 
severity of loss on the second-lien. Of those outstanding balances 
with a refreshed CLTV greater than 100 percent, 95 percent of the 
customers were current on their home equity loan and 91 percent 
of  second-lien  loans  with  a  refreshed  CLTV  greater  than  100 
percent were current on both their second-lien and underlying first-
lien loans at December 31, 2017. 

Of the $55.0 billion in total home equity portfolio outstandings 
at December 31, 2017, as shown in Table 27, 30 percent require 
interest-only payments. The outstanding balance of HELOCs that 
have reached the end of their draw period and have entered the 
amortization period was $18.4 billion at December 31, 2017. The 
HELOCs  that  have  entered  the  amortization  period  have 
experienced a higher percentage of early stage delinquencies and 
nonperforming status when compared to the HELOC portfolio as 
a whole. At December 31, 2017, $343 million, or two percent, of 
outstanding HELOCs that had entered the amortization period were 
accruing past due 30 days or more. In addition, at December 31, 
2017, $2.1 billion, or 11 percent, of outstanding HELOCs that had 
entered the amortization period were nonperforming, of which $1.1 
billion were contractually current. Loans in our HELOC portfolio 
generally have an initial draw period of 10 years and 10 percent
of these loans will enter the amortization period during 2018 and 
will  be 
fully-amortizing  payments.  We 
communicate to contractually current customers more than a year 

to  make 

required 

Bank of America 2017     75 

prior to the end of their draw period to inform them of the potential 
change to the payment structure before entering the amortization 
period, and provide payment options to customers prior to the end 
of the draw period.

Although we do not actively track how many of our home equity 
customers pay only the minimum amount due on their home equity 
loans and lines, we can infer some of this information through a 
review of our HELOC portfolio that we service and that is still in 
its revolving period (i.e., customers may draw on and repay their 
line of credit, but are generally only required to pay interest on a 
monthly basis). During 2017, approximately 19 percent of these 
customers with an outstanding balance did not pay any principal 
on their HELOCs.

Table 27 presents outstandings, nonperforming balances and 
net charge-offs by certain state concentrations for the home equity 
portfolio. In the New York area, the New York-Northern New Jersey-
Long Island MSA made up 13 percent of the outstanding home 
equity  portfolio  at  both  December  31,  2017  and  2016.  Loans 
within  this  MSA  contributed  27  percent  and  17  percent  of  net 
charge-offs in 2017 and 2016 within the home equity portfolio. 
The  Los  Angeles-Long  Beach-Santa  Ana  MSA  within  California 
made up 11 percent of the outstanding home equity portfolio at 
both  December  31,  2017  and  2016.  Loans  within  this  MSA 
contributed net recoveries of $20 million and $2 million within the 
home equity portfolio in 2017 and 2016.

Table 27 Home Equity State Concentrations

(Dollars in millions)
California
Florida (3)
New Jersey (3)
New York (3)
Massachusetts
Other U.S./Non-U.S.

Home equity loans (4)

Purchased credit-impaired home equity portfolio (5)

Total home equity loan portfolio

Outstandings (1)

Nonperforming (1)

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

December 31

Net Charge-offs (2)

$

$

$

15,145
6,308
4,546
4,195
2,751
22,083
55,028
2,716
57,744

$

$

$

$

$

17,563
7,319
5,102
4,720
3,078
25,050
62,832
3,611
66,443

$

$

766
411
191
252
92
932
2,644
 
 

$

$

829
442
201
271
100
1,075
2,918
 
 

(37) $
38
44
35
9
124
213

$

7
76
50
45
12
215
405

(1)  Outstandings and nonperforming loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)  Net charge-offs excluded $76 million and $196 million of write-offs in the home equity PCI loan portfolio in 2017 and 2016. For more information on PCI write-offs, see Consumer Portfolio Credit 

Risk Management – Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio.
In these states, foreclosure requires a court order following a legal proceeding (judicial states). 

(3) 
(4)  Amount excludes the PCI home equity portfolio.
(5)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, 28 percent and 29 percent of PCI home equity loans were in California. There were no other significant single state concentrations.

Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio
Loans acquired with evidence of credit quality deterioration since 
origination and for which it is probable at purchase that we will be 
unable to collect all contractually required payments are accounted 
for  under  the  accounting  standards  for  PCI  loans.  For  more 
information,  see  Note  1  –  Summary  of  Significant  Accounting 

Principles  and  Note  4  –  Outstanding  Loans  and  Leases  to  the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Table 28 presents the unpaid principal balance, carrying value, 
related  valuation  allowance  and  the  net  carrying  value  as  a 
percentage  of  the  unpaid  principal  balance  for  the  PCI  loan 
portfolio.

Table 28 Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio

(Dollars in millions)
Residential mortgage (1)
Home equity

Total purchased credit-impaired loan portfolio

 

Residential mortgage (1)
Home equity

Total purchased credit-impaired loan portfolio

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Gross Carrying

Value

Related
Valuation
Allowance

Carrying Value
Net of Valuation

Allowance

Percent of

Unpaid Principal

Balance

$

$

$

$

8,117
2,787
10,904

10,330
3,689
14,019

$

$

$

$

December 31, 2017

8,001
2,716
10,717

$

$

117
172
289

December 31, 2016

10,127
3,611
13,738

$

$

169
250
419

$

$

$

$

7,884
2,544
10,428

9,958
3,361
13,319

97.13%
91.28
95.63

96.40%
91.11
95.01

(1)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, pay option loans had an unpaid principal balance of $1.4 billion and $1.9 billion and a carrying value of $1.4 billion and $1.8 billion. This includes $1.2 billion 
and $1.6 billion of loans that were credit-impaired upon acquisition and $141 million and $226 million of loans that were 90 days or more past due at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The total 
unpaid principal balance of pay option loans with accumulated negative amortization was $160 million and $303 million, including $9 million and $16 million of negative amortization at December 
31, 2017 and 2016.

76     Bank of America 2017

The total PCI unpaid principal balance decreased $3.1 billion, 
or 22 percent, in 2017 primarily driven by payoffs, paydowns, write-
offs  and  PCI  loan  sales  with  a  carrying  value  of  $803  million 
compared to $549 million in 2016.

Of the unpaid principal balance of $10.9 billion at December 
31, 2017, $9.6 billion, or 88 percent, was current based on the 
contractual terms, $752 million, or seven percent, was in early 
stage delinquency, and $364 million was 180 days or more past 
due, including $302 million of first-lien mortgages and $62 million 
of home equity loans.

The PCI residential mortgage loan and home equity portfolios 
represented  75  percent  and  25  percent  of  the  total  PCI  loan 
portfolio at December 31, 2017. Those loans to borrowers with a 
refreshed FICO score below 620 represented 24 percent and 17 
percent  of  the  PCI  residential  mortgage  loan  and  home  equity 
portfolios at December 31, 2017. Residential mortgage and home 
equity loans with a refreshed LTV or CLTV greater than 90 percent, 
after consideration of purchase accounting adjustments and the 
related  valuation  allowance,  represented  14  percent  and  34 
percent of their respective PCI loan portfolios and 16 percent and 

Table 29 U.S. Credit Card State Concentrations

37 percent based on the unpaid principal balance at December 
31, 2017.

U.S. Credit Card
At December 31, 2017, 97 percent of the U.S. credit card portfolio 
was managed in Consumer Banking with the remainder in GWIM. 
Outstandings in the U.S. credit card portfolio increased $4.0 billion 
to $96.3 billion in 2017 as retail volumes outpaced payments. 
Net charge-offs increased $244 million to $2.5 billion in 2017 due 
to portfolio seasoning and loan growth. U.S. credit card loans 30 
days or more past due and still accruing interest increased $252 
million  and  loans  90  days  or  more  past  due  and  still  accruing 
interest  increased  $118  million  in  2017,  driven  by  portfolio 
seasoning and loan growth. 

Unused lines of credit for U.S. credit card totaled $326.3 billion 
and $321.6 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The increase 
was driven by account growth and lines of credit increases.

Table 29 presents certain state concentrations for the U.S. 

credit card portfolio.

(Dollars in millions)
California
Florida
Texas
New York
Washington
Other U.S.

Total U.S. credit card portfolio

 

Outstandings

Accruing Past Due
90 Days or More

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

December 31

Net Charge-offs

$

$

15,254
8,359
7,451
5,977
4,350
54,894
96,285

$

$

14,251
7,864
7,037
5,683
4,128
53,315
92,278

$

$

136
94
76
91
20
483
900

$

$

115
85
65
60
18
439
782

$

$

412
259
194
218
56
1,374
2,513

$

$

360
245
164
161
56
1,283
2,269

Direct/Indirect and Other Consumer
At December 31, 2017, approximately 54 percent of the direct/
indirect portfolio was included in Consumer Banking (consumer 
auto  and  specialty  lending  –  automotive,  marine,  aircraft, 
recreational vehicle loans and consumer personal loans) and 46 
percent was included in GWIM (principally securities-based lending 
loans). At December 31, 2017, approximately 94 percent of the 
$2.7 billion other consumer portfolio was consumer auto leases 
included in Consumer Banking. 

Table 30 Direct/Indirect State Concentrations

Outstandings in the direct/indirect portfolio remained relatively 
unchanged at $93.8 billion at December 31, 2017. Net charge-
offs increased $77 million to $211 million in 2017 due largely to 
portfolio seasoning and clarifying regulatory guidance related to 
bankruptcy and repossession.

Table 30 presents certain state concentrations for the direct/

indirect consumer loan portfolio.

(Dollars in millions)
California
Florida
Texas
New York
Georgia
Other U.S./Non-U.S.

Total direct/indirect loan portfolio

Outstandings

December 31

Accruing Past Due
90 Days or More

Net Charge-offs

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

11,165
10,946
10,623
6,058
3,502
51,536
93,830

$

$

11,300
9,418
9,406
5,253
3,255
55,457
94,089

$

$

3
5
5
2
4
21
40

$

$

3
3
5
1
4
18
34

$

$

21
42
38
6
15
89
211

$

$

13
29
21
3
9
59
134

Bank of America 2017     77 

Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed 
Properties Activity
Table  31  presents  nonperforming  consumer  loans,  leases  and 
foreclosed properties activity during 2017 and 2016. For more 
information on nonperforming loans, see Note 1 – Summary of 
Significant Accounting Principles and Note 4 – Outstanding Loans 
and  Leases  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  During 
2017, nonperforming consumer loans declined $838 million to 
$5.2 billion driven in part by loan sales of $511 million and net 
transfers  of  loans  to  held-for-sale  of  $198  million.  Additionally, 
nonperforming loans declined as outflows outpaced new inflows, 
which included the addition of $295 million of nonperforming loans 
as a result of clarifying regulatory guidance related to bankruptcy 
loans.

At  December  31,  2017,  $1.9  billion,  or  34  percent  of 
nonperforming  consumer  real  estate  loans  and  foreclosed 
properties had been written down to their estimated property value 
less costs to sell, including $1.6 billion of nonperforming loans 
180 days  or  more  past  due  and  $236  million  of  foreclosed 
properties. In addition, at December 31, 2017, $2.3 billion, or 45 
percent of nonperforming consumer loans were modified and are 
now  current  after  successful  trial  periods,  or  are  current  loans 
classified as nonperforming loans in accordance with applicable 
policies.

Foreclosed  properties  decreased  $127  million  in  2017  as 
liquidations  outpaced  additions.  PCI  loans  are  excluded  from 
nonperforming loans as these loans were written down to fair value 
at the acquisition date; however, once we acquire the underlying 
real  estate  upon  foreclosure  of  the  delinquent  PCI  loan,  it  is 
included  in  foreclosed  properties.  Not  included  in  foreclosed 
properties at December 31, 2017 was $801 million of real estate 
that  was  acquired  upon  foreclosure  of  certain  delinquent 
government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans). We 
exclude  these  amounts  from  our  nonperforming  loans  and 
foreclosed properties activity as we expect we will be reimbursed 
once the property is conveyed to the guarantor for principal and, 
up to certain limits, costs incurred during the foreclosure process 
and interest accrued during the holding period. 

We  classify  junior-lien  home  equity  loans  as  nonperforming 
when the first-lien loan becomes 90 days past due even if the 
junior-lien loan is performing. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
$330  million  and  $428  million  of  such  junior-lien  home  equity 
loans were included in nonperforming loans and leases. 

Nonperforming loans also include certain loans that have been 
modified in TDRs where economic concessions have been granted 
to  borrowers  experiencing  financial  difficulties.  Nonperforming 
TDRs, excluding those modified loans in the PCI loan portfolio, are 
included in Table 31.

Table 31 Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity (1)

2017

2016

$

6,004
3,254

$

8,165
3,492

(1,044)
(1,604)
(1,628)
(1,028)
(294)
(55)
(2,161)
6,004
363
6,367

1.32%

1.39

(1,052)
(511)
(1,438)
(676)
(217)
(198)
(838)
5,166
236
5,402

1.14%

1.19

$

(Dollars in millions)
Nonperforming loans and leases, January 1
Additions
Reductions:

Paydowns and payoffs
Sales
Returns to performing status (2)
Charge-offs
Transfers to foreclosed properties
Transfers to loans held-for-sale

Total net reductions to nonperforming loans and leases
Total nonperforming loans and leases, December 31 (3)

Total foreclosed properties, December 31 (4)

Nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties, December 31

$

Nonperforming consumer loans and leases as a percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases (5)
Nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties as a percentage of outstanding consumer loans, leases and 

foreclosed properties (5)

(1)  Balances do not include nonperforming LHFS of $2 million and $69 million and nonaccruing TDRs removed from the PCI loan portfolio prior to January 1, 2010 of $26 million and $27 million at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016 as well as loans accruing past due 90 days or more as presented in Table 21 and Note 4 – Outstanding Loans and Leases to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2)  Consumer loans may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected, or when the loan 

otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection.

(3)  At December 31, 2017, 31 percent of nonperforming loans were 180 days or more past due.
(4)  Foreclosed property balances do not include properties insured by certain government-guaranteed loans, principally FHA-insured, of $801 million and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 
(5)  Outstanding consumer loans and leases exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.

78     Bank of America 2017

Table 32 presents TDRs for the consumer real estate portfolio. Performing TDR balances are excluded from nonperforming loans 

and leases in Table 31.

Table 32 Consumer Real Estate Troubled Debt Restructurings

(Dollars in millions)
Residential mortgage (1, 2)
Home equity (3)

Total consumer real estate troubled debt restructurings

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

Nonperforming
1,535
$
1,457
2,992

$

$

$

Performing

Total

8,163
1,399
9,562

$

$

9,698
2,856
12,554

Nonperforming
1,992
$
1,566
3,558

$

$

$

Performing

Total

10,639
1,211
11,850

$

$

12,631
2,777
15,408

(1)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, residential mortgage TDRs deemed collateral dependent totaled $2.8 billion and $3.5 billion, and included $1.2 billion and $1.6 billion of loans classified as 

nonperforming and $1.6 billion and $1.9 billion of loans classified as performing.

(2)  Residential mortgage performing TDRs included $3.7 billion and $5.3 billion of loans that were fully-insured at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(3)  Home equity TDRs deemed collateral dependent totaled $1.6 billion for both periods and included $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion of loans classified as nonperforming, and $388 million and $301 

million of loans classified as performing at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

In addition to modifying consumer real estate loans, we work 
with  customers  who  are  experiencing  financial  difficulty  by 
modifying credit card and other consumer loans. Credit card and 
other consumer loan modifications generally involve a reduction 
in  the customer’s  interest rate on  the account and  placing  the 
customer on a fixed payment plan not exceeding 60 months, all 
of which are considered TDRs (the renegotiated TDR portfolio).

Modifications  of  credit  card  and  other  consumer  loans  are 
made  through  renegotiation  programs  utilizing  direct  customer 
contact, but may also utilize external renegotiation programs. The 
renegotiated TDR portfolio is excluded in large part from Table 31 
as substantially all of the loans remain on accrual status until 
either charged off or paid in full. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
our renegotiated TDR portfolio was $490 million and $610 million, 
of which $426 million and $493 million were current or less than 
30 days past due under the modified terms. The decline in the 
renegotiated TDR portfolio was primarily driven by paydowns and 
charge-offs  as  well  as  lower  program  enrollments.  For  more 
information  on  the  renegotiated  TDR  portfolio,  see  Note  4  – 
Outstanding  Loans  and  Leases  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements.

Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management
Credit risk management for the commercial portfolio begins with 
an  assessment  of  the  credit  risk  profile  of  the  borrower  or 
counterparty based on an analysis of its financial position. As part 
of  the  overall  credit  risk  assessment,  our  commercial  credit 
exposures are assigned a risk rating and are subject to approval 
based on defined credit approval standards. Subsequent to loan 
origination, risk ratings are monitored on an ongoing basis, and if 
necessary, adjusted to reflect changes in the financial condition, 
cash flow, risk profile or outlook of a borrower or counterparty. In 
making credit decisions, we consider risk rating, collateral, country, 
industry and single-name concentration limits while also balancing 
these  considerations  with  the  total  borrower  or  counterparty 
relationship. We use a variety of tools to continuously monitor the 
ability  of  a  borrower  or  counterparty  to  perform  under  its 
obligations.  We  use  risk  rating  aggregations  to  measure  and 
evaluate concentrations within portfolios. In addition, risk ratings 
are a factor in determining the level of allocated capital and the 
allowance for credit losses.

As part of our ongoing risk mitigation initiatives, we attempt to 
work with clients experiencing financial difficulty to modify their 
loans to terms that better align with their current ability to pay. In 
situations where an economic concession has been granted to a 
borrower experiencing financial difficulty, we identify these loans 
as TDRs. For more information on our accounting policies regarding 

delinquencies, nonperforming status and net charge-offs for the
commercial  portfolio,  see  Note  1  –  Summary  of  Significant 
Accounting Principles to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Management of Commercial Credit Risk 
Concentrations
Commercial credit risk is evaluated and managed with the goal 
that concentrations of credit exposure do not result in undesirable 
levels of risk. We review, measure and manage concentrations of 
credit  exposure  by  industry,  product,  geography,  customer 
relationship and loan size. We also review, measure and manage 
commercial real estate loans by geographic location and property 
type.  In  addition,  within  our  non-U.S.  portfolio,  we  evaluate 
exposures by region and by country. Tables 37, 40, 45 and 46 
summarize  our  concentrations.  We  also  utilize  syndications  of 
exposure  to  third  parties,  loan  sales,  hedging  and  other  risk 
mitigation techniques to manage the size and risk profile of the 
commercial credit portfolio. For more information on our industry 
concentrations, including our utilized exposure to the energy sector 
which was three percent of total commercial utilized exposure at 
both  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  see  Commercial  Portfolio 
Credit  Risk  Management  –  Industry  Concentrations  on  page  83 
and Table 40.

We  account  for  certain  large  corporate  loans  and  loan 
commitments,  including  issued  but  unfunded  letters  of  credit 
which are considered utilized for credit risk management purposes, 
that exceed our single-name credit risk concentration guidelines 
under the fair value option. Lending commitments, both funded 
and  unfunded,  are  actively  managed  and  monitored,  and  as 
appropriate,  credit  risk  for  these  lending  relationships  may  be 
mitigated through the use of credit derivatives, with our credit view 
and market perspectives determining the size and timing of the 
hedging activity. In addition, we purchase credit protection to cover 
the funded portion as well as the unfunded portion of certain other 
credit exposures. To lessen the cost of obtaining our desired credit 
protection levels, credit exposure may be added within an industry, 
borrower or counterparty group by selling protection. These credit 
derivatives  do  not  meet  the  requirements  for  treatment  as 
accounting hedges. They are carried at fair value with changes in 
fair value recorded in other income.

In  addition,  we  are  a  member  of  various  securities  and 
derivative  exchanges and  clearinghouses, both  in the  U.S. and 
other countries. As a member, we may be required to pay a pro-
rata share of the losses incurred by some of these organizations 
as  a  result  of  another  member  default  and  under  other  loss 
scenarios. For more information, see Note 12 – Commitments and 
Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America 2017     79 

Commercial Credit Portfolio
During 2017, credit quality among large corporate borrowers was 
strong, other than in the higher risk energy sub-sectors, where we 
saw improvement in 2017. Credit quality of commercial real estate 
borrowers  continued  to  be  strong  with  conservative  LTV  ratios, 
stable market rents in most sectors and vacancy rates remaining 
low.

Total  commercial  utilized  credit  exposure  increased  $25.9 
billion  during  2017  to  $600.8  billion  at  December  31,  2017 
primarily driven by increases in loans and leases. The utilization 
rate for loans and leases, SBLCs and financial guarantees, and 

commercial letters of credit, in the aggregate, was 59 percent and 
58 percent at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table  33  presents  commercial  credit  exposure  by  type  for 
utilized, unfunded and total binding committed credit exposure. 
Commercial utilized credit exposure includes SBLCs and financial 
guarantees and commercial letters of credit that have been issued 
and  for  which  we  are  legally  bound  to  advance  funds  under 
prescribed conditions during a specified time period, and excludes 
exposure related to trading account assets. Although funds have 
not  yet  been  advanced,  these  exposure  types  are  considered 
utilized for credit risk management purposes.

Table 33 Commercial Credit Exposure by Type

 

Commercial Utilized (1)

Commercial Unfunded (2, 3, 4)

Total Commercial Committed

December 31

$

2017

(Dollars in millions)
Loans and leases (5)
Derivative assets (6)
Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees
Debt securities and other investments
Loans held-for-sale
Commercial letters of credit
Other
Total

2016
821,171
42,512
33,795
31,718
19,529
1,576
780
951,081
(1)  Commercial utilized exposure includes loans of $4.8 billion and $6.0 billion and issued letters of credit with a notional amount of $232 million and $284 million accounted for under the fair value 

2016
356,911
—
660
5,474
13,019
112
13
376,189

2016
464,260
42,512
33,135
26,244
6,510
1,464
767
574,892

487,748
37,762
34,517
28,161
10,257
1,467
888
600,800

364,743
—
863
4,864
9,742
155
—
380,367

852,491
37,762
35,380
33,025
19,999
1,622
888
981,167

2017

2017

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

option at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(2)  Commercial unfunded exposure includes commitments accounted for under the fair value option with a notional amount of $4.6 billion and $6.7 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(3)  Excludes unused business card lines, which are not legally binding.
(4) 

Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments net of amounts distributed (e.g., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts 
were $11.0 billion and $12.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Includes credit risk exposure associated with assets under operating lease arrangements of $6.3 billion and $5.7 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(5) 
(6)  Derivative assets are carried at fair value, reflect the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and have been reduced by cash collateral of $34.6 billion and $43.3 billion at December 
31, 2017 and 2016. Not reflected in utilized and committed exposure is additional non-cash derivative collateral held of $26.2 billion and $25.3 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, which 
consists primarily of other marketable securities.

Outstanding  commercial  loans  and  leases  increased  $22.9 
billion  during  2017  to  $481.5  billion  at  December  31,  2017 
primarily due to growth in commercial and industrial loans. During 
2017,  nonperforming  commercial  loans  and  leases  decreased 
$440  million  to  $1.3  billion  and  reservable  criticized  balances 
decreased  $2.8  billion  to  $13.6  billion  both  driven  by 

improvements in the energy sector. The allowance for loan and 
lease losses for the commercial portfolio decreased $248 million
during  2017  to  $5.0  billion  at  December  31,  2017.  For  more 
information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 88. Table 
34 presents our commercial loans and leases portfolio and related 
credit quality information at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table 34 Commercial Credit Quality

(Dollars in millions)
Commercial and industrial:

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial

Total commercial and industrial

Commercial real estate (1)
Commercial lease financing
 
U.S. small business commercial (2)

Outstandings

Nonperforming
December 31

Accruing Past Due
90 Days or More

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

284,836
97,792
382,628
58,298
22,116
463,042
13,649

$

270,372
89,397
359,769
57,355
22,375
439,499
12,993

$

814
299
1,113
112
24
1,249
55

$

1,256
279
1,535
72
36
1,643
60

144
3
147
4
19
170
75

$

$

106
5
111
7
19
137
71

208
—
208

Commercial loans excluding loans accounted for under the

fair value option

Loans accounted for under the fair value option (3)

245
—
245
Includes U.S. commercial real estate of $54.8 billion and $54.3 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate of $3.5 billion and $3.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Includes card-related products.

Total commercial loans and leases

476,691
4,782
481,473

(2) 
(3)  Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option include U.S. commercial of $2.6 billion and $2.9 billion and non-U.S. commercial of $2.2 billion and $3.1 billion at December 31, 2017

452,492
6,034
458,526

1,703
84
1,787

1,304
43
1,347

$

$

$

$

$

(1) 

and 2016. For more information on the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

80     Bank of America 2017

Table 35 presents net charge-offs and related ratios for our commercial loans and leases for 2017 and 2016. The increase in net 
charge-offs of $399 million for 2017 was primarily driven by a single-name non-U.S. commercial charge-off of $292 million in the fourth 
quarter of 2017. 

Table 35 Commercial Net Charge-offs and Related Ratios

(Dollars in millions)
Commercial and industrial:

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial

Total commercial and industrial

Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
 
U.S. small business commercial

Total commercial

Net Charge-offs

2017

2016

Net Charge-off Ratios (1)
2016
2017

$

$

232
440
672
9
5
686
215
901

$

$

184
120
304
(31)
21
294
208
502

0.08 %
0.48
0.18
0.02
0.02
0.15
1.60
0.20

0.07 %
0.13
0.09
(0.05)
0.10
0.07
1.60
0.11

(1)  Net charge-off ratios are calculated as net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans and leases excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.

Table 36 presents commercial utilized reservable criticized exposure by loan type. Criticized exposure corresponds to the Special 
Mention, Substandard and Doubtful asset categories as defined by regulatory authorities. Total commercial utilized reservable criticized 
exposure  decreased  $2.8  billion,  or  17  percent,  during  2017  primarily  driven  by  paydowns  and  upgrades  in  the  energy  portfolio. 
Approximately 84 percent and 76 percent of commercial utilized reservable criticized exposure was secured at December 31, 2017
and 2016.

Table 36 Commercial Utilized Reservable Criticized Exposure

(Dollars in millions)
Commercial and industrial:

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial

Total commercial and industrial

Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
 
U.S. small business commercial

Total commercial utilized reservable criticized exposure

Amount (1)

Percent (2)

Amount (1)

Percent (2)

December 31

2017

2016

$

$

9,891
1,766
11,657
566
581
12,804
759
13,563

3.15% $
1.70
2.79
0.95
2.63
2.57
5.56
2.65

$

10,311
3,974
14,285
399
810
15,494
826
16,320

3.46%
4.17
3.63
0.68
3.62
3.27
6.36
3.35

(1)  Total commercial utilized reservable criticized exposure includes loans and leases of $12.5 billion and $14.9 billion and commercial letters of credit of $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion at December 31, 

2017 and 2016.

(2)  Percentages are calculated as commercial utilized reservable criticized exposure divided by total commercial utilized reservable exposure for each exposure category.

Commercial and Industrial
Commercial and industrial loans include U.S. commercial and non-
U.S. commercial portfolios.

and leases decreased $442 million, or 35 percent, in 2017 driven 
by improvements in the energy sector. Net charge-offs increased
$48 million for 2017 compared to 2016. 

U.S. Commercial
At December 31, 2017, 70 percent of the U.S. commercial loan 
portfolio,  excluding  small  business,  was  managed  in  Global 
Banking,  17  percent  in  Global  Markets,  11  percent  in  GWIM 
(generally business-purpose loans for high net worth clients) and 
the  remainder  primarily  in  Consumer  Banking.  U.S.  commercial 
loans, excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option, 
increased $14.5 billion, or five percent, during 2017 to $284.8 
billion at December 31, 2017 due to growth across most of the 
commercial  businesses.  Reservable 
criticized  balances 
decreased $420 million, or four percent, and nonperforming loans 

Non-U.S. Commercial
At December 31, 2017, 79 percent of the non-U.S. commercial 
loan portfolio was managed in Global Banking and 21 percent in
Global Markets. Outstanding loans, excluding loans accounted for 
under  the  fair  value  option,  increased  $8.4  billion  in  2017. 
Reservable  criticized  balances  decreased  $2.2  billion,  or  56 
percent, due primarily to paydowns and upgrades in the energy 
portfolio. Net charge-offs increased $320 million in 2017 to $440 
million due to a single-name non-U.S. commercial charge-off of 
$292 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. For more information 
on the non-U.S. commercial portfolio, see Non-U.S. Portfolio on 
page 86.

Bank of America 2017     81 

Commercial Real Estate
Commercial real estate primarily includes commercial loans and 
leases  secured  by  non-owner-occupied  real  estate  and  is 
dependent on the sale or lease of the real estate as the primary 
source  of  repayment.  The  portfolio  remains  diversified  across 
property types and geographic regions. California represented the 
largest state concentration at 23 percent of the commercial real 
estate loans and leases portfolio at both December 31, 2017 and 
2016.  The  commercial  real  estate  portfolio  is  predominantly 
managed in Global Banking and consists of loans made primarily 
to public and private developers, and commercial real estate firms. 
Outstanding loans increased $943 million, or two percent, during 
2017  to  $58.3  billion  at  December  31,  2017  due  to  new 
originations outpacing paydowns.

During 2017, we continued to see low default rates and solid 
credit quality in both the residential and non-residential portfolios. 

Table 37 Outstanding Commercial Real Estate Loans

We use a number of proactive risk mitigation initiatives to reduce 
adversely rated exposure in the commercial real estate portfolio, 
including transfers of deteriorating exposures to management by 
independent  special  asset  officers  and  the  pursuit  of  loan 
restructurings or asset sales to achieve the best results for our 
customers and the Corporation.

Nonperforming commercial real estate loans and foreclosed 
properties increased $78 million, or 91 percent, during 2017 to 
$164  million  at  December  31,  2017  and  reservable  criticized 
balances increased $167 million, or 42 percent, to $566 million
primarily due to loan downgrades. Net charge-offs were $9 million
for 2017 compared to net recoveries of $31 million in 2016.

Table 37 presents outstanding commercial real estate loans 
by  geographic  region,  based  on  the  geographic  location  of  the 
collateral, and by property type.

(Dollars in millions)
By Geographic Region 

California
Northeast
Southwest
Southeast
Midwest
Illinois
Florida
Midsouth
Northwest
Non-U.S. 
Other (1)

Total outstanding commercial real estate loans

By Property Type
Non-residential

December 31

2017

2016

 
13,607
10,072
6,970
5,487
3,769
3,263
3,170
2,962
2,657
3,538
2,803
58,298
 

$

$

 
13,450
10,329
7,567
5,630
4,380
2,408
3,213
2,346
2,430
3,103
2,499
57,355
 

$

$

Office
Shopping centers / Retail
Multi-family rental
Hotels / Motels
Industrial / Warehouse
Multi-use
Unsecured
Land and land development
Other

16,643
8,794
8,817
5,550
5,357
2,822
1,730
357
5,595
55,665
1,690
57,355
Includes unsecured loans to real estate investment trusts and national home builders whose portfolios of properties span multiple geographic regions and properties in the states of Colorado, Utah, 
Hawaii, Wyoming and Montana.

16,718
8,825
8,280
6,344
6,070
2,771
2,187
160
5,485
56,840
1,458
58,298

Total outstanding commercial real estate loans

Total non-residential

$

$

$

$

Residential

(1) 

U.S. Small Business Commercial
The U.S. small business commercial loan portfolio is comprised of small business card loans and small business loans managed in 
Consumer Banking. Credit card-related products were 50 percent and 48 percent of the U.S. small business commercial portfolio at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. Net charge-offs of $215 million during 2017 were relatively flat compared to $208 million during 2016. 
Of the U.S. small business commercial net charge-offs, 90 percent and 86 percent were credit card-related products in 2017 and 2016.

82     Bank of America 2017

Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed 
Properties Activity
Table 38 presents the nonperforming commercial loans, leases 
and  foreclosed  properties  activity  during  2017  and  2016. 
Nonperforming loans do not include loans accounted for under the 
fair value option. During 2017, nonperforming commercial loans 
and leases decreased $399 million to $1.3 billion. Approximately 

77  percent  of  commercial  nonperforming  loans,  leases  and 
foreclosed properties were secured and approximately 59 percent 
were contractually current. Commercial nonperforming loans were 
carried  at  approximately  87  percent  of  their  unpaid  principal 
balance before consideration of the allowance for loan and lease 
losses as the carrying value of these loans has been reduced to 
the estimated property value less costs to sell.

Table 38 Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity (1, 2)

(Dollars in millions)
Nonperforming loans and leases, January 1
Additions
Reductions:
Paydowns
Sales
Returns to performing status (3)
Charge-offs
Transfers to foreclosed properties
Transfers to loans held-for-sale

2017

2016

$

1,703
1,616

$

1,212
2,347

 
(824)
(318)
(267)
(434)
(4)
(9)
491
1,703
14
1,717

0.38%

0.38

(930)
(136)
(280)
(455)
(40)
(174)
(399)
1,304
52
1,356

0.27%

0.28

$

Total net additions/(reductions) to nonperforming loans and leases
Total nonperforming loans and leases, December 31

Total foreclosed properties, December 31

Nonperforming commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties, December 31

$

Nonperforming commercial loans and leases as a percentage of outstanding commercial loans and leases (4)
Nonperforming commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties as a percentage of outstanding commercial loans, leases and 

foreclosed properties (4)

(1)  Balances do not include nonperforming LHFS of $339 million and $195 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(2) 
(3)  Commercial loans and leases may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected, or 

Includes U.S. small business commercial activity. Small business card loans are excluded as they are not classified as nonperforming.

when the loan otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection. TDRs are generally classified as performing after a sustained period of demonstrated payment performance.

(4)  Outstanding commercial loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.

Table 39 presents our commercial TDRs by product type and performing status. U.S. small business commercial TDRs are comprised 
of renegotiated small business card loans and small business loans. The renegotiated small business card loans are not classified 
as nonperforming as they are charged off no later than the end of the month in which the loan becomes 180 days past due. For more 
information on TDRs, see Note 4 – Outstanding Loans and Leases to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Table 39 Commercial Troubled Debt Restructurings

(Dollars in millions)
Commercial and industrial:

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial

Total commercial and industrial

Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing

U.S. small business commercial

Total commercial troubled debt restructurings

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

Nonperforming

Performing

Total

Nonperforming

Performing

Total

$

$

370
11
381
38
5
424
4
428

$

$

866
219
1,085
9
13
1,107
15
1,122

$

$

1,236
230
1,466
47
18
1,531
19
1,550

$

$

720
25
745
45
2
792
2
794

$

$

1,140
283
1,423
95
2
1,520
13
1,533

$

$

1,860
308
2,168
140
4
2,312
15
2,327

Industry Concentrations 
Table  40  presents  commercial  committed  and  utilized  credit 
exposure by industry and the total net credit default protection 
purchased to cover the funded and unfunded portions of certain 
credit exposures. Our commercial credit exposure is diversified 
across a broad range of industries. Total commercial committed 
exposure increased $30.1 billion, or three percent, in 2017 to 
$981.2 billion at December 31, 2017. The increase in commercial 
committed  exposure  was  concentrated  in  the  Media,  Food  & 
Staples Retailing, Capital Goods, Food, Beverage and Tobacco and 
the Asset Managers and Funds sectors. Increases were partially 
offset  by  reduced  exposure  to  the  Healthcare  Equipment  and 

Services,  Telecommunications  Services  and  the  Technology 
Hardware and Equipment sectors.

Industry  limits  are  used  internally  to  manage  industry 
concentrations  and  are  based  on  committed  exposure  that  is 
allocated  on  an  industry-by-industry  basis.  A  risk  management 
framework is in place to set and approve industry limits as well 
as to provide ongoing monitoring. The MRC oversees industry limit 
governance.

Asset Managers and Funds, our largest industry concentration 
with committed exposure of $91.1 billion, increased $5.5 billion, 
or six percent, in 2017. The increase primarily reflected an increase 
in exposure to several counterparties.

Bank of America 2017     83 

Real  estate,  our  second  largest  industry  concentration  with 
committed exposure of $83.8 billion, increased $115 million, or 
less  than  one  percent,  in  2017.  For  more  information  on  the 
commercial  real  estate  and  related  portfolios,  see  Commercial 
Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Commercial Real Estate on 
page 82.

Capital  Goods,  our  third  largest  industry  concentration  with 
committed exposure of $70.4 billion, increased $6.2 billion, or 
nearly 10 percent, in 2017. The increase in committed exposure 

occurred primarily as a result of increases in large conglomerates 
and machinery manufacturers.

Our energy-related committed exposure decreased $2.5 billion, 
or six percent, in 2017 to $36.8 billion at December 31, 2017. 
Energy sector net charge-offs were $156 million in 2017 compared 
to  $241  million  in  2016.  Energy  sector  reservable  criticized 
exposure  decreased  $3.9  billion  in  2017  to  $1.6  billion  at 
December 31, 2017, due to paydowns and upgrades in the energy 
portfolio. The energy allowance for credit losses decreased $365 
million to $560 million at December 31, 2017.

Table 40 Commercial Credit Exposure by Industry (1)

$

(Dollars in millions)
Asset managers and funds
Real estate (3)
Capital goods
Government and public education
Healthcare equipment and services
Finance companies
Retailing
Materials
Consumer services
Food, beverage and tobacco
Energy
Commercial services and supplies
Media
Global commercial banks
Transportation
Utilities
Individuals and trusts
Technology hardware and equipment
Vehicle dealers
Pharmaceuticals and biotechnology
Software and services
Consumer durables and apparel
Food and staples retailing
Automobiles and components
Telecommunication services
Insurance
Religious and social organizations
Financial markets infrastructure (clearinghouses)
Other 

Commercial 

Utilized

Total Commercial 

Committed (2)

December 31

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

$

59,190
61,940
36,705
48,684
37,780
34,050
26,117
24,001
27,191
23,252
16,345
22,100
19,155
29,491
21,704
11,342
18,549
10,728
16,896
5,653
8,562
8,859
4,955
5,988
6,389
6,411
4,454
688
3,621
600,800
 

57,659
61,203
34,278
45,694
37,656
35,452
25,577
22,578
27,413
19,669
19,686
21,241
13,419
27,267
19,805
11,349
16,364
9,625
16,053
5,539
7,991
8,112
4,795
5,459
6,317
7,406
4,423
656
2,206
574,892

91,092
83,773
70,417
58,067
57,256
53,107
48,796
47,386
43,605
42,815
36,765
35,496
33,955
31,764
29,946
27,935
25,097
22,071
20,361
18,623
18,202
17,296
15,589
13,318
13,108
12,990
6,318
2,403
3,616
981,167

85,561
83,658
64,202
54,626
64,663
52,953
49,082
44,357
42,523
37,145
39,231
35,360
27,116
30,712
27,483
27,140
21,764
25,318
19,425
18,910
19,790
15,794
8,869
12,969
16,925
13,936
6,252
3,107
2,210
951,081
(3,477)

Total commercial credit exposure by industry
Net credit default protection purchased on total commitments (4)
Includes U.S. small business commercial exposure.
Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments net of amounts distributed (e.g., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts 
were $11.0 billion and $12.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Industries are viewed from a variety of perspectives to best isolate the perceived risks. For purposes of this table, the real estate industry is defined based on the borrowers’ or counterparties’ 
primary business activity using operating cash flows and primary source of repayment as key factors.

$
(2,129) $

$
  $

$

$

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4)  Represents net notional credit protection purchased. For more information, see Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Risk Mitigation.

Risk Mitigation
We purchase credit protection to cover the funded portion as well 
as the unfunded portion of certain credit exposures. To lower the 
cost of obtaining our desired credit protection levels, we may add 
credit exposure within an industry, borrower or counterparty group 
by selling protection.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, net notional credit default 
protection purchased in our credit derivatives portfolio to hedge 
our funded and unfunded exposures for which we elected the fair 

value option, as well as certain other credit exposures, was $2.1 
billion and $3.5 billion. We recorded net losses of $66 million in 
2017 compared to net losses of $438 million in 2016 on these 
positions. The gains and losses on these instruments were offset 
by gains and losses on the related exposures. The Value-at-Risk 
(VaR) results for these exposures are included in the fair value 
option portfolio information in Table 49. For more information, see 
Trading Risk Management on page 93.

84     Bank of America 2017

Tables 41 and 42 present the maturity profiles and the credit 
exposure debt ratings of the net credit default protection portfolio 
at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table 41 Net Credit Default Protection by Maturity

Less than or equal to one year
Greater than one year and less than or equal

to five years

Greater than five years

Total net credit default protection

December 31

2017

2016

42%

58
—

100%

56%

41
3

100%

Table 42 Net Credit Default Protection by Credit

Exposure Debt Rating

Net

Notional (1)

Percent of

Total

Net

Notional (1)

Percent of

Total

December 31

2017

2016

$

(280)
(459)
(893)
(403)
(84)
(10)

13.2% $
21.6
41.9
18.9
3.9
0.5

(135)
(1,884)
(871)
(477)
(81)
(29)

3.9%

54.2
25.1
13.7
2.3
0.8

$

(2,129)

100.0% $

(3,477)

100.0%

(Dollars in millions)
Ratings (2, 3)
A
BBB
BB
B
CCC and below
NR (4)

Total net credit

default

(1)  Represents net credit default protection purchased.
(2)  Ratings are refreshed on a quarterly basis.
(3)  Ratings of BBB- or higher are considered to meet the definition of investment grade.
(4)  NR is comprised of index positions held and any names that have not been rated.

In  addition  to  our  net  notional  credit  default  protection 
purchased to cover the funded and unfunded portion of certain 
credit exposures, credit derivatives are used for market-making 
activities for clients and establishing positions intended to profit 
from directional or relative value changes. We execute the majority 
of  our  credit  derivative  trades  in  the  OTC  market  with  large, 
multinational financial institutions, including broker-dealers and, 
to a lesser degree, with a variety of other investors. Because these 
transactions are executed in the OTC market, we are subject to 
settlement risk. We are also subject to credit risk in the event that 
these  counterparties  fail  to  perform  under  the  terms  of  these 
contracts.  In  most  cases,  credit  derivative  transactions  are 
executed on a daily margin basis. Therefore, events such as a 
credit  downgrade,  depending  on  the  ultimate  rating  level,  or  a 
breach of credit covenants would typically require an increase in 
the  amount  of  collateral  required  by  the  counterparty,  where 
applicable, and/or allow us to take additional protective measures 
such as early termination of all trades.

Table 43 presents the total contract/notional amount of credit 
derivatives outstanding and includes both purchased and written 
credit derivatives. The credit risk amounts are measured as net 
asset  exposure  by  counterparty,  taking  into  consideration  all 
contracts with the counterparty. For more information on our written 
credit derivatives, see Note 2 – Derivatives to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

The  credit  risk  amounts  discussed  above  and  presented  in 
Table 43 take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable 
master netting agreements while amounts disclosed in Note 2 – 
Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements are shown 
on a gross basis. Credit risk reflects the potential benefit from 
offsetting exposure to non-credit derivative products with the same 
counterparties that may be netted upon the occurrence of certain 
events, thereby reducing our overall exposure.

Table 43 Credit Derivatives

(Dollars in millions)
Purchased credit derivatives:

Credit default swaps
Total return swaps/options

Total purchased credit derivatives

Written credit derivatives:

Credit default swaps
Total return swaps/options

Total written credit derivatives

n/a = not applicable

Contract/
Notional

Credit Risk

Contract/
Notional

Credit Risk

December 31

2017

2016

$ 470,907
54,135
$ 525,042

$

$

2,434
277
2,711

$ 603,979
21,165
$ 625,144

$

$

2,732
433
3,165

$ 448,201
55,223
$ 503,424

n/a
n/a
n/a

$ 614,355
25,354
$ 639,709

n/a
n/a
n/a

Bank of America 2017     85 

related to the collateral received on secured financing transactions 
or related to client clearing activities). These indirect exposures 
are  managed  in  the  normal  course  of  business  through  credit, 
market  and  operational  risk  governance,  rather  than  through 
country risk governance.

Table 45 presents our 20 largest non-U.S. country exposures 
as of December 31, 2017. These exposures accounted for 86 
percent and 88 percent of our total non-U.S. exposure at December 
31, 2017 and 2016. Net country exposure for these 20 countries 
decreased $6.3 billion in 2017 primarily driven by reductions in 
the U.K., Japan, Switzerland and Brazil, partially offset by increases 
in China and Belgium. On a product basis, funded commitments 
decreased  in  the  U.K.,  Japan  and  Brazil,  partially  offset  by 
increases in China, Belgium and France. The decrease in the U.K. 
reflects the sale of the non-U.S. consumer credit card business 
in 2017. Unfunded commitments increased in the U.K., Germany 
and Belgium, which was partly offset by a decrease in Switzerland. 
Securities held decreased, driven by reduced holdings in France, 
the U.K. and Germany, while counterparty exposure decreased in 
Japan, Germany and the U.K.

Non-U.S.  exposure 

risk 
management  basis  and  includes  sovereign  and  non-sovereign 
credit  exposure,  securities  and  other  investments  issued  by  or 
domiciled in countries other than the U.S.

is  presented  on  an 

internal 

Funded loans and loan equivalents include loans, leases, and 
other extensions of credit and funds, including letters of credit and 
due from placements. Unfunded commitments are the undrawn 
portion of legally binding commitments related to loans and loan 
equivalents. Net counterparty exposure includes the fair value of 
derivatives, including the counterparty risk associated with CDS, 
and  secured  financing  transactions.  Securities  and  other 
investments are carried at fair value and long securities exposures 
are  netted  against  short  exposures  with  the  same  underlying 
issuer to, but not below, zero. Net country exposure represents 
country  exposure  less  hedges  and  credit  default  protection 
purchased, net of credit default protection sold.

Counterparty Credit Risk Valuation Adjustments
We  record  counterparty  credit  risk  valuation  adjustments  on 
certain derivative assets, including our credit default protection 
purchased,  in  order  to  properly  reflect  the  credit  risk  of  the 
counterparty, as presented in Table 44. We calculate CVA based 
on a modeled expected exposure that incorporates current market 
risk factors including changes in market spreads and non-credit 
related market factors that affect the value of a derivative. The 
exposure also takes into consideration credit mitigants such as 
legally enforceable master netting agreements and collateral. For 
more information, see Note 2 – Derivatives to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

We  enter  into  risk  management  activities  to  offset  market 
driven exposures. We often hedge the counterparty spread risk in 
CVA with credit default swaps (CDS). We hedge other market risks 
in CVA primarily with currency and interest rate swaps. In certain 
instances, the net-of-hedge amounts in the following table move 
in the same direction as the gross amount or may move in the 
opposite  direction.  This  movement  is  a  consequence  of  the 
complex  interaction  of  the  risks  being  hedged,  resulting  in 
limitations  in  the  ability  to  perfectly  hedge  all  of  the  market 
exposures at all times.

Table 44 Credit Valuation Gains and Losses

(Dollars in millions)
Gains (Losses)
Credit valuation

2017
Hedge

Gross
$

330 $ (232) $

2016
Hedge

Gross
$ 374 $ (160) $ 214

Net

Net

98

Non-U.S. Portfolio
Our non-U.S. credit and trading portfolios are subject to country 
risk. We define country risk as the risk of loss from unfavorable 
economic  and  political  conditions,  currency  fluctuations,  social 
instability and changes in government policies. A risk management 
framework is in place to measure, monitor and manage non-U.S. 
risk and exposures. In addition to the direct risk of doing business 
in a country, we also are exposed to indirect country risks (e.g., 

86     Bank of America 2017

Table 45 Top 20 Non-U.S. Countries Exposure

(Dollars in millions)
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
China
Brazil
Australia
France
India
Japan
Hong Kong
Netherlands
South Korea
Singapore
Switzerland
Mexico
Italy
Belgium
United Arab Emirates
Spain
Turkey

Total top 20 non-U.S.
countries exposure

Funded Loans

and Loan
Equivalents

$

20,089
12,572
7,037
13,634
7,688
5,596
4,976
7,229
7,399
6,925
5,357
4,934
3,571
3,792
2,883
2,791
2,440
2,843
2,041
2,761

Unfunded

Loan

Commitments
14,906
$
9,856
7,645
728
501
2,840
5,591
316
631
187
3,212
544
312
2,810
2,446
1,490
1,184
351
820
83

Net

Counterparty

Exposure

$

5,278
1,061
2,016
746
342
575
2,191
375
923
585
650
635
504
274
226
512
82
247
260
66

Securities/

Other

Investments
$

1,962
1,102
2,579
1,058
2,726
2,022
2,811
3,328
1,669
1,056
930
2,208
1,953
184
385
600
511
43
1,232
82

Country

Exposure at
December 31

2017

Hedges and
Credit Default

Protection

Net Country
Exposure at
December 31

2017

Increase

(Decrease) from
December 31

2016

$

$

42,235
24,591
19,277
16,166
11,257
11,033
15,569
11,248
10,622
8,753
10,149
8,321
6,340
7,060
5,940
5,393
4,217
3,484
4,353
2,992

(4,640) $
(3,088)
(554)
(241)
(541)
(444)
(5,026)
(751)
(1,532)
(75)
(1,682)
(420)
(77)
(1,263)
(453)
(1,147)
(252)
(97)
(1,245)
(3)

$

37,595
21,503
18,723
15,925
10,716
10,589
10,543
10,497
9,090
8,678
8,467
7,901
6,263
5,797
5,487
4,246
3,965
3,387
3,108
2,989

(10,138)
(875)
(51)
5,040
(2,950)
1,666
(151)
1,269
(5,921)
1,199
1,069
1,795
845
(3,849)
1,003
159
2,039
644
562
299

$

126,558

$

56,453

$

17,548

$

28,441

$

229,000

$

(23,531) $

205,469

$

(6,346)

A number of economic conditions and geopolitical events have 
given rise to risk aversion in certain emerging markets. Our two 
largest emerging market country exposures at December 31, 2017 
were China and Brazil. At December 31, 2017, net exposure to 
China  was  $15.9  billion,  concentrated  in  large  state-owned 
companies,  subsidiaries  of  multinational  corporations  and 
commercial banks. At December 31, 2017, net exposure to Brazil 
was $10.7 billion, concentrated in sovereign securities, oil and 
gas companies and commercial banks.

The  outlook  for  policy  direction  and  therefore  economic 
performance in the EU remains uncertain as a consequence of 
reduced political cohesion among EU countries. Additionally, we 
believe  that  the  uncertainty  in  the  U.K.’s  ability  to  negotiate  a 
favorable  exit  from  the  EU  will  further  weigh  on  economic 
performance. Our largest EU country exposure at December 31, 
2017 was the U.K. with net exposure of $37.6 billion, concentrated 

in  multinational  corporations  and  sovereign  clients.  For  more 
information,  see  Executive  Summary  –  2017  Economic  and 
Business Environment on page 36.

Table 46 presents countries where total cross-border exposure 
exceeded one percent of our total assets. At December 31, 2017, 
the U.K. and France were the only countries where total cross-
border  exposure  exceeded  one  percent  of  our  total  assets.  At 
December 31, 2017, Germany had total cross-border exposure of 
$21.6 billion representing 0.95 percent of our total assets. No 
other  countries  had  total  cross-border  exposure  that  exceeded 
0.75 percent of our total assets at December 31, 2017.

Cross-border  exposure  includes  the  components  of  Country 
Risk  Exposure  as  detailed  in  Table  45  as  well  as  the  notional 
amount of cash loaned under secured financing agreements. Local 
exposure,  defined  as  exposure  booked  in  local  offices  of  a 
respective country with clients in the same country, is excluded.

Table 46 Total Cross-border Exposure Exceeding One Percent of Total Assets

(Dollars in millions)
United Kingdom

France

$

December 31
2017
2016
2015
2017
2016
2015

Public Sector
923
$
2,975
3,264
2,964
4,956
3,343

Banks

2,984
4,557
5,104
1,521
1,205
1,766

Private Sector
47,205
$
42,105
38,576
27,903
23,193
17,099

Cross-border

Exposure

Exposure as a

Percent of
Total Assets

$

51,112
49,637
46,944
32,388
29,354
22,208

2.24%
2.27
2.19
1.42
1.34
1.04

Bank of America 2017     87 

Provision for Credit Losses
The provision for credit losses decreased $201 million to $3.4 
billion in 2017 compared to 2016. The provision for credit losses 
was $583 million lower than net charge-offs for 2017, resulting in 
a reduction in the allowance for credit losses. This compared to 
a reduction of $224 million in the allowance in 2016.

The  provision  for  credit  losses  for  the  consumer  portfolio 
increased $159 million to $2.7 billion in 2017 compared to 2016. 
The increase was primarily driven by a provision increase of $672 
million in the U.S. credit card portfolio due to portfolio seasoning 
and loan growth, largely offset by the consumer real estate portfolio 
due  to  continued  portfolio  improvement  and  increased  home 
prices.  Included  in  the  provision  is  an  expense  of  $76  million 
related to the PCI loan portfolio for 2017 compared to a benefit 
of $45 million in 2016. 

The provision for credit losses for the commercial portfolio, 
including unfunded lending commitments, decreased $360 million 
to $669 million in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by reductions 
in  energy  exposures,  partially  offset  by  a  single-name  non-U.S. 
commercial charge-off. 

Allowance for Credit Losses

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses
The  allowance  for  loan  and  lease  losses  is  comprised  of  two 
components.  The 
first  component  covers  nonperforming 
commercial loans and TDRs. The second component covers loans 
and leases on which there are incurred losses that are not yet 
individually identifiable, as well as incurred losses that may not 
be  represented  in  the  loss  forecast  models.  We  evaluate  the 
adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses based on the 
total of these two components, each of which is described in more 
detail below. The allowance for loan and lease losses excludes 
LHFS and loans accounted for under the fair value option as the 
fair value reflects a credit risk component.

The first component of the allowance for loan and lease losses 
covers both nonperforming commercial loans and all TDRs within 
the consumer and commercial portfolios. These loans are subject 
to  impairment  measurement  based  on  the  present  value  of 
projected  future  cash  flows  discounted  at  the  loan’s  original 
effective  interest  rate,  or  in  certain  circumstances,  impairment 
may  also  be  based  upon  the  collateral  value  or  the  loan’s 
observable market price if available. Impairment measurement for 
the renegotiated consumer credit card, small business credit card 
and unsecured consumer TDR portfolios is based on the present 
value  of  projected  cash  flows  discounted  using  the  average 
portfolio contractual interest rate, excluding promotionally priced 
loans, in effect prior to restructuring. For purposes of computing 
this  specific  loss  component  of  the  allowance,  larger  impaired 
loans are evaluated individually and smaller impaired loans are 
evaluated as a pool using historical experience for the respective 
product types and risk ratings of the loans.

The second component of the allowance for loan and lease 
losses covers the remaining consumer and commercial loans and 
leases  that  have  incurred  losses  that  are  not  yet  individually 
identifiable.  The  allowance 
for  consumer  and  certain 
homogeneous commercial loan and lease products is based on 
aggregated portfolio evaluations, generally by product type. Loss 
forecast  models  are  utilized  that  consider  a  variety  of  factors 

88     Bank of America 2017

including, but not limited to, historical loss experience, estimated 
defaults or foreclosures based on portfolio trends, delinquencies, 
economic trends and credit scores. Our consumer real estate loss 
forecast  model  estimates  the  portion  of  loans  that  will  default 
based on individual loan attributes, the most significant of which 
are refreshed LTV or CLTV, and borrower credit score as well as 
vintage and geography, all of which are further broken down into 
current  delinquency  status.  Additionally,  we  incorporate  the 
delinquency status of underlying first-lien loans on our junior-lien 
home  equity  portfolio  in  our  allowance  process.  Incorporating 
refreshed LTV and CLTV into our probability of default allows us to 
factor the impact of changes in home prices into our allowance 
for loan and lease losses. These loss forecast models are updated 
on  a  quarterly  basis  to  incorporate  information  reflecting  the 
current economic environment. As of December 31, 2017, the loss 
forecast process resulted in reductions in the allowance related 
to the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios compared 
to December 31, 2016.

and 

trends, 

geographic 

performance 

The  allowance  for  commercial  loan  and  lease  losses  is 
established  by  product  type  after  analyzing  historical  loss 
experience,  internal  risk  rating,  current  economic  conditions, 
industry 
obligor 
concentrations  within  each  portfolio  and  any  other  pertinent 
information.  The  statistical  models  for  commercial  loans  are 
generally updated annually and utilize our historical database of 
actual defaults and other data, including external default data. The 
loan  risk  ratings  and  composition  of  the  commercial  portfolios 
used  to  calculate  the  allowance  are  updated  quarterly  to 
incorporate the most recent data reflecting the current economic 
environment.  For  risk-rated  commercial  loans,  we  estimate  the 
probability of default and the loss given default (LGD) based on 
our historical experience of defaults and credit losses. Factors 
considered  when  assessing  the  internal  risk  rating  include  the 
value of the underlying collateral, if applicable, the industry in which 
the  obligor  operates,  the  obligor’s  liquidity  and  other  financial 
indicators, and other quantitative and qualitative factors relevant 
to the obligor’s credit risk. As of December 31, 2017, the allowance 
decreased  for  the  U.S.  commercial  and  non-U.S.  commercial 
portfolios compared to December 31, 2016.

Also included within the second component of the allowance 
for loan and lease losses are reserves to cover losses that are 
incurred  but,  in  our  assessment,  may  not  be  adequately 
represented in the historical loss data used in the loss forecast 
models.  For  example,  factors  that  we  consider  include,  among 
others, changes in lending policies and procedures, changes in 
economic and business conditions, changes in the nature and size 
of the portfolio, changes in portfolio concentrations, changes in 
the volume and severity of past due loans and nonaccrual loans, 
the effect of external factors such as competition, and legal and 
regulatory  requirements.  We  also  consider  factors  that  are 
applicable to unique portfolio segments. For example, we consider 
the risk of uncertainty in our loss forecasting models related to 
junior-lien home equity loans that are current, but have first-lien 
loans that we do not service that are 30 days or more past due. 
In addition, we consider the increased risk of default associated 
with our interest-only loans that have yet to enter the amortization 
period.  Further,  we  consider  the 
in 
mathematical models that are built upon historical data.

inherent  uncertainty 

During 2017, the factors that impacted the allowance for loan 
and lease losses included improvements in the credit quality of 
the  consumer  real  estate  portfolios  driven  by  continuing 
improvements in the U.S. economy and labor markets, proactive 
credit risk management initiatives and the impact of high credit 
quality  originations.  Evidencing  the  improvements  in  the  U.S. 
economy and labor markets are downward unemployment trends 
and increases in home prices. In addition to these improvements, 
in  the  consumer  portfolio,  nonperforming  consumer  loans 
decreased $838 million in 2017 as returns to performing status, 
charge-offs, paydowns and loan sales continued to outpace new 
nonaccrual loans. During 2017, the allowance for loan and lease 
losses  in  the  commercial  portfolio  reflected  decreased  energy 
reserves  primarily  driven  by  reductions  in  energy  exposures 
including utilized reservable criticized exposures.

We monitor differences between estimated and actual incurred 
loan and lease losses. This monitoring process includes periodic 
assessments by senior management of loan and lease portfolios 
and  the  models  used  to  estimate  incurred  losses  in  those 
portfolios.

The  allowance  for  loan  and  lease  losses  for  the  consumer 
portfolio, as presented in Table 48, was $5.4 billion at December 
31, 2017, a decrease of $839 million from December 31, 2016. 
The decrease was primarily in the consumer real estate portfolio 
and the non-U.S. card portfolio which was sold in 2017, partially 
offset by an increase in the U.S. credit card portfolio. The reduction 
in the consumer real estate portfolio was due to improved home 
prices, lower nonperforming loans and a decrease in loan balances 
in  our  non-core  portfolio.  The  increase  in  the  U.S.  credit  card 
portfolio was driven by portfolio seasoning and loan growth. 

The allowance for loan and lease losses for the commercial 
portfolio, as presented in Table 48, was $5.0 billion at December 
31, 2017, a decrease of $248 million from December 31, 2016 
driven  by  decreased  energy  reserves  due  to  reductions  in  the 
higher  risk  energy  sub-sectors.  Commercial  utilized  reservable 
criticized exposure decreased to $13.6 billion at December 31, 
2017 from $16.3 billion (to 2.65 percent from 3.35 percent of 
total commercial utilized reservable exposure) at December 31, 
2016, largely due to paydowns and net upgrades in the energy 
portfolio.  Nonperforming  commercial  loans  decreased  to  $1.3 

billion at December 31, 2017 from $1.7 billion (to 0.27 percent
from  0.38  percent  of  outstanding  commercial  loans  excluding 
loans accounted for under the fair value option) at December 31, 
2016  with  the  decrease  primarily  in  the  energy  and  metal  and 
mining sectors. See Tables 34, 35 and 36 for more details on key 
commercial credit statistics.

The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of 
total loans and leases outstanding was 1.12 percent at December 
31, 2017 compared to 1.26 percent at December 31, 2016. The 
decrease in the ratio was primarily due to improved credit quality 
in the consumer real estate portfolio driven by improved economic 
conditions.  The  December  31,  2017  and  2016  ratios  above 
include the PCI loan portfolio. Excluding the PCI loan portfolio, the 
allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans 
and leases outstanding was 1.10 percent and 1.24 percent at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016.

losses 

related 

to  unfunded 

Reserve for Unfunded Lending Commitments
In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, we also 
estimate  probable 
lending 
commitments  such  as  letters  of  credit,  financial  guarantees, 
unfunded bankers’ acceptances and binding loan commitments, 
excluding commitments accounted for under the fair value option. 
Unfunded  lending  commitments  are  subject  to  the  same 
assessment as funded loans, including estimates of probability 
of default and LGD. Due to the nature of unfunded commitments, 
the estimate of probable losses must also consider utilization. To 
estimate the portion of these undrawn commitments that is likely 
to be drawn by a borrower at the time of estimated default, analyses 
of  our  historical  experience  are  applied  to  the  unfunded 
commitments to estimate the funded exposure at default (EAD). 
The  expected  loss  for  unfunded  lending  commitments  is  the 
product of the probability of default, the LGD and the EAD, adjusted 
for  any  qualitative  factors  including  economic  uncertainty  and 
inherent imprecision in models.

The  reserve  for  unfunded  lending  commitments  was  $777 
million  at  December  31,  2017  compared  to  $762  million  at 
December 31, 2016. 

Bank of America 2017     89 

Table 47 presents a rollforward of the allowance for credit losses, which includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the 

reserve for unfunded lending commitments, for 2017 and 2016.

Table 47 Allowance for Credit Losses

(Dollars in millions)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1
Loans and leases charged off

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card (1)
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer

Total consumer charge-offs

U.S. commercial (2)
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing

Total commercial charge-offs
Total loans and leases charged off

Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off

2017

2016

$

11,237

$

12,234

(188)
(582)
(2,968)
(103)
(487)
(216)
(4,544)
(589)
(446)
(24)
(16)
(1,075)
(5,619)

(403)
(752)
(2,691)
(238)
(392)
(232)
(4,708)
(567)
(133)
(10)
(30)
(740)
(5,448)

Total consumer recoveries

U.S. commercial (3)
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card (1)
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer

Total commercial recoveries
Total recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off
Net charge-offs

272
347
422
63
258
27
1,389
175
13
41
9
238
1,627
(3,821)
(340)
3,581
(174)
11,480
(243)
11,237
646
16
100
762
11,999
(1)  Represents net charge-offs related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. In 

Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1
Provision for unfunded lending commitments
Other (4)

288
369
455
28
276
50
1,466
142
6
15
11
174
1,640
(3,979)
(207)
3,381
(39)
10,393
—
10,393
762
15
—
777
11,170

Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31
Allowance for credit losses, December 31

Write-offs of PCI loans
Provision for loan and lease losses
Other (4)

Less: Allowance included in assets of business held for sale (5)

Total allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31

$

$

(2) 

2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.
Includes U.S. small business commercial charge-offs of $258 million and $253 million in 2017 and 2016.
Includes U.S. small business commercial recoveries of $43 million and $45 million in 2017 and 2016.

(3) 
(4)  Primarily represents the net impact of portfolio sales, consolidations and deconsolidations, foreign currency translation adjustments, transfers to held-for-sale and certain other reclassifications.
(5)  Represents allowance related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was sold in 2017. 

90     Bank of America 2017

Table 47 Allowance for Credit Losses (continued)

(Dollars in millions)
Loan and allowance ratios (6):

Loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (7)
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (7)
Consumer allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total consumer loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (8)
Commercial allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total commercial loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (9)
Average loans and leases outstanding (7)
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding (7, 10)
Net charge-offs and PCI write-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding (7)
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 (7, 11)
Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs (10)
Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs and PCI write-offs
Amounts included in allowance for loan and lease losses for loans and leases that are excluded from nonperforming loans and leases 

at December 31 (12)

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases, excluding the allowance for loan and 

lease losses for loans and leases that are excluded from nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 (7, 12)

Loan and allowance ratios excluding PCI loans and the related valuation allowance (6, 13):

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (7)
Consumer allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total consumer loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (8)
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding (7)
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 (7, 11)
Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs

2017

2016

$ 931,039

$ 908,812

1.12%
1.18
1.05
$ 911,988

1.26%
1.36
1.16
$ 892,255

0.44%
0.46
161
2.61
2.48

0.43%
0.47
149
3.00
2.76

3,971

$

3,951

99%

1.10%
1.15
0.44
156
2.54

98%

1.24%
1.31
0.44
144
2.89

$

 

(6)  Loan and allowance ratios for 2016 include $243 million of non-U.S. credit card allowance for loan and lease losses and $9.2 billion of ending non-U.S. credit card loans, which were included in 

assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. See footnote 1 for more information.

(7)  Outstanding loan and lease balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option of $5.7 billion and $7.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Average loans 

accounted for under the fair value option were $6.7 billion and $8.2 billion in 2017 and 2016.

(8)  Excludes consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option of $928 million and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(9)  Excludes commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option of $4.8 billion and $6.0 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(10)  Net charge-offs exclude $207 million and $340 million of write-offs in the PCI loan portfolio in 2017 and 2016. For more information on PCI write-offs, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management 

– Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.

(11)  For more information on our definition of nonperforming loans, see page 78 and page 83.
(12)  Primarily includes amounts allocated to U.S. credit card and unsecured consumer lending portfolios in Consumer Banking, PCI loans and the non-U.S. credit portfolio in All Other.
(13)  For more information on the PCI loan portfolio and the valuation allowance for PCI loans, see Note 4 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Note 5 – Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated 

Financial Statements.

Bank of America 2017     91 

For reporting purposes, we allocate the allowance for credit losses across products as presented in Table 48.

Table 48 Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses by Product Type

Amount

Percent of

Total

Percent of
Loans and

Leases

Outstanding (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Allowance for loan and lease losses

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer
Total consumer

U.S. commercial (2)
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing

Total commercial
Total allowance for loan and lease losses (3)

Less: Allowance included in assets of business held for sale (4)

Allowance for loan and lease losses

Reserve for unfunded lending commitments

Allowance for credit losses

$

$

 
6.74%
9.80
32.41
—
2.52
0.32
51.79
29.95
7.73
9.00
1.53
48.21

December 31, 2017
 
701
1,019
3,368
—
262
33
5,383
3,113
803
935
159
5,010
10,393
—
10,393
777
11,170

100.00%

Amount

Percent of

Total

December 31, 2016

Percent of
Loans and

Leases

Outstanding (1)

 

0.34% $
1.76
3.50
—
0.28
1.22
1.18
1.04
0.82
1.60
0.72
1.05
1.12

$

1,012
1,738
2,934
243
244
51
6,222
3,326
874
920
138
5,258
11,480
(243)
11,237
762
11,999

8.82%

15.14
25.56
2.12
2.13
0.44
54.21
28.97
7.61
8.01
1.20
45.79

100.00%

0.53%
2.62
3.18
2.64
0.26
2.01
1.36
1.17
0.98
1.60
0.62
1.16
1.26

(1)  Ratios are calculated as allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans and leases outstanding excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option. Consumer loans accounted 
for under the fair value option included residential mortgage loans of $567 million and $710 million and home equity loans of $361 million and $341 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 
Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option included U.S. commercial loans of $2.6 billion and $2.9 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $2.2 billion and $3.1 billion at December 
31, 2017 and 2016.
Includes allowance for loan and lease losses for U.S. small business commercial loans of $439 million and $416 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Includes $289 million and $419 million of valuation allowance presented with the allowance for loan and lease losses related to PCI loans at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(3) 
(4)  Represents allowance for loan and lease losses related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at 

(2) 

December 31, 2016. In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.

Market Risk Management
Market  risk  is  the  risk  that  changes  in  market  conditions  may 
adversely impact the value of assets or liabilities, or otherwise 
negatively impact earnings. This risk is inherent in the financial 
instruments associated with our operations, primarily within our 
Global Markets segment. We are also exposed to these risks in 
other areas of the Corporation (e.g., our ALM activities). In the 
event of market stress, these risks could have a material impact 
on  our  results.  For  more  information,  see  Interest  Rate  Risk 
Management for the Banking Book on page 97.

Our  traditional  banking  loan  and  deposit  products  are  non-
trading positions and are generally reported at amortized cost for 
assets or the amount owed for liabilities (historical cost). However, 
these  positions  are  still  subject  to  changes  in  economic  value 
based on varying market conditions, with one of the primary risks 
being changes in the levels of interest rates. The risk of adverse 
changes in the economic value of our non-trading positions arising 
from  changes  in  interest  rates  is  managed  through  our  ALM 
activities.  We  have  elected  to  account  for  certain  assets  and 
liabilities under the fair value option.

Our trading positions are reported at fair value with changes 
reflected  in  income.  Trading  positions  are  subject  to  various 
changes in market-based risk factors. The majority of this risk is 
generated by our activities in the interest rate, foreign exchange, 
credit, equity and commodities markets. In addition, the values of 
assets  and  liabilities  could  change  due  to  market  liquidity, 
correlations across markets and expectations of market volatility. 
We seek to manage these risk exposures by using a variety of 
techniques 
financial 
instruments. The key risk management techniques are discussed 
in more detail in the Trading Risk Management section.

that  encompass  a  broad 

range  of 

Global  Risk  Management  is  responsible  for  providing  senior 
management with a clear and comprehensive understanding of 
the trading risks to which we are exposed. These responsibilities 

92     Bank of America 2017

include ownership of market risk policy, developing and maintaining 
quantitative risk models, calculating aggregated risk measures, 
establishing  and  monitoring  position  limits  consistent  with  risk 
appetite, conducting daily reviews and analysis of trading inventory, 
approving  material  risk  exposures  and  fulfilling  regulatory 
requirements.  Market  risks  that  impact  businesses  outside  of 
Global Markets are monitored and governed by their respective 
governance functions.

Quantitative  risk  models,  such  as  VaR,  are  an  essential 
component in evaluating the market risks within a portfolio. The 
Enterprise Model Risk Committee (EMRC), a subcommittee of the 
MRC,  is  responsible  for  providing  management  oversight  and 
approval of model risk management and governance. The EMRC 
defines model risk standards, consistent with our risk framework 
and risk appetite, prevailing regulatory guidance and industry best 
practice. Models must meet certain validation criteria, including 
effective  challenge  of  the  model  development  process  and  a 
sufficient demonstration of developmental evidence incorporating 
a comparison of alternative theories and approaches. The EMRC 
oversees  that  model  standards  are  consistent  with  model  risk 
requirements and monitors the effective challenge in the model 
validation process across the Corporation. In addition, the relevant 
stakeholders must agree on any required actions or restrictions 
to the models and maintain a stringent monitoring process for 
continued compliance.

Interest Rate Risk
Interest  rate  risk  represents  exposures  to  instruments  whose 
values  vary  with  the  level  or  volatility  of  interest  rates.  These 
instruments include, but are not limited to, loans, debt securities, 
certain trading-related assets and liabilities, deposits, borrowings 
and derivatives. Hedging instruments used to mitigate these risks 
include derivatives such as options, futures, forwards and swaps.

Foreign Exchange Risk
Foreign  exchange  risk  represents  exposures  to  changes  in  the 
values of current holdings and future cash flows denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The types of instruments 
exposed to this risk include investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries, 
foreign currency-denominated loans  and securities, future cash 
flows  in  foreign  currencies  arising  from  foreign  exchange 
transactions,  foreign  currency-denominated  debt  and  various 
foreign exchange derivatives whose values fluctuate with changes 
in  the  level  or  volatility  of  currency  exchange  rates  or  non-
U.S. interest rates. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk 
include  foreign  exchange  options,  currency  swaps,  futures, 
forwards, and foreign currency-denominated debt and deposits.

certificates, 

commercial  mortgages 

Mortgage Risk
Mortgage risk represents exposures to changes in the values of 
mortgage-related instruments. The values of these instruments 
are sensitive to prepayment rates, mortgage rates, agency debt 
ratings,  default,  market  liquidity,  government  participation  and 
interest rate volatility. Our exposure to these instruments takes 
several  forms.  First,  we  trade  and  engage  in  market-making 
activities in a variety of mortgage securities including whole loans, 
pass-through 
and 
collateralized mortgage obligations including collateralized debt 
obligations using mortgages as underlying collateral. Second, we 
originate  a  variety  of  MBS  which  involves  the  accumulation  of 
mortgage-related loans in anticipation of eventual securitization. 
Third, we may hold positions in mortgage securities and residential 
mortgage loans as part of the ALM portfolio. Fourth, we create 
MSRs  as  part  of  our  mortgage  origination  activities.  For  more 
information  on  MSRs,  see  Note  1  –  Summary  of  Significant 
Accounting Principles and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements. Hedging instruments used 
to mitigate this risk include derivatives such as options, swaps, 
futures and forwards as well as securities including MBS and U.S. 
Treasury securities. For more information, see Mortgage Banking 
Risk Management on page 99.

Equity Market Risk
Equity  market  risk  represents  exposures  to  securities  that 
represent an ownership interest in a corporation in the form of 
domestic  and  foreign  common  stock  or  other  equity-linked 
instruments. Instruments that would lead to this exposure include, 
but  are  not  limited  to,  the  following:  common  stock,  exchange-
traded funds, American Depositary Receipts, convertible bonds, 
listed equity options (puts and calls), OTC equity options, equity 
total return swaps, equity index futures and other equity derivative 
products. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include 
options, futures, swaps, convertible bonds and cash positions.

Commodity Risk
Commodity risk represents exposures to instruments traded in 
the  petroleum,  natural  gas,  power  and  metals  markets.  These 
instruments  consist  primarily  of  futures,  forwards,  swaps  and 
options. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include 
options,  futures  and  swaps  in  the  same  or  similar  commodity 
product, as well as cash positions.

Issuer Credit Risk
Issuer  credit  risk  represents  exposures  to  changes  in  the 
creditworthiness of individual issuers or groups of issuers. Our 
portfolio is exposed to issuer credit risk where the value of an 
asset may be adversely impacted by changes in the levels of credit 

spreads, by credit migration or by defaults. Hedging instruments 
used  to  mitigate  this  risk  include  bonds,  CDS  and  other  credit 
fixed-income instruments.

Market Liquidity Risk
Market liquidity risk represents the risk that the level of expected 
market activity changes dramatically and, in certain cases, may 
even cease. This exposes us to the risk that we will not be able 
to  transact  business  and  execute  trades  in  an  orderly  manner 
which  may  impact  our  results.  This  impact  could  be  further 
exacerbated  if  expected  hedging  or  pricing  correlations  are 
compromised by disproportionate demand or lack of demand for 
certain instruments. We utilize various risk mitigating techniques 
as discussed in more detail in Trading Risk Management.

Trading Risk Management
To evaluate risk in our trading activities, we focus on the actual 
and  potential  volatility  of  revenues  generated  by  individual 
positions as well as portfolios of positions. Various techniques 
and  procedures  are  utilized  to  enable  the  most  complete 
understanding of these risks. Quantitative measures of market 
risk are evaluated on a daily basis from a single position to the 
portfolio of the Corporation. These measures include sensitivities 
of positions to various market risk factors, such as the potential 
impact on revenue from a one basis point change in interest rates, 
and  statistical  measures  utilizing  both  actual  and  hypothetical 
market moves, such as VaR and stress testing. Periods of extreme 
market  stress  influence  the  reliability  of  these  techniques  to 
varying degrees. Qualitative evaluations of market risk utilize the 
suite of quantitative risk measures while understanding each of 
their 
risk  managers 
independently evaluate the risk of the portfolios under the current 
market environment and potential future environments.

limitations.  Additionally, 

respective 

VaR is a common statistic used to measure market risk as it 
allows the aggregation of market risk factors, including the effects 
of portfolio diversification. A VaR model simulates the value of a 
portfolio  under  a  range  of  scenarios  in  order  to  generate  a 
distribution of potential gains and losses. VaR represents the loss 
a portfolio is not expected to exceed more than a certain number 
of  times  per  period,  based  on  a  specified  holding  period, 
confidence level and window of historical data. We use one VaR 
model consistently across the trading portfolios and it uses a 
historical simulation approach based on a three-year window of 
historical data. Our primary VaR statistic is equivalent to a 99 
percent confidence level. This means that for a VaR with a one-
day holding period, there should not be losses in excess of VaR, 
on average, 99 out of 100 trading days.

Within  any  VaR  model,  there  are  significant  and  numerous 
assumptions  that  will  differ  from  company  to  company.  The 
accuracy of a VaR model depends on the availability and quality 
of historical data for each of the risk factors in the portfolio. A 
VaR model may require additional modeling assumptions for new 
products that do not have the necessary historical market data 
or for less liquid positions for which accurate daily prices are not 
consistently  available.  For  positions  with  insufficient  historical 
data  for  the  VaR  calculation,  the  process  for  establishing  an 
appropriate proxy is based on fundamental and statistical analysis 
of the new product or less liquid position. This analysis identifies 
reasonable alternatives that replicate both the expected volatility 
and correlation to other market risk factors that the missing data 
would be expected to experience.

Bank of America 2017     93 

VaR may not be indicative of realized revenue volatility as changes 
in market conditions or in the composition of the portfolio can 
VaR may not be indicative of realized revenue volatility as changes 
have a material impact on the results. In particular, the historical 
in market conditions or in the composition of the portfolio can 
data used for the VaR calculation might indicate higher or lower 
have a material impact on the results. In particular, the historical 
levels of portfolio diversification than will be experienced. In order 
data used for the VaR calculation might indicate higher or lower 
for the VaR model to reflect current market conditions, we update 
levels of portfolio diversification than will be experienced. In order 
the historical data underlying our VaR model on a weekly basis, 
for the VaR model to reflect current market conditions, we update 
or more frequently during periods of market stress, and regularly 
the historical data underlying our VaR model on a weekly basis, 
review the assumptions underlying the model. A minor portion of 
or more frequently during periods of market stress, and regularly 
risks related to our trading positions is not included in VaR. These 
review the assumptions underlying the model. A minor portion of 
risks  are  reviewed  as  part  of  our  ICAAP.  For  more  information 
risks related to our trading positions is not included in VaR. These 
regarding ICAAP, see Capital Management on page 61.
risks  are  reviewed  as  part  of  our  ICAAP.  For  more  information 
Global Risk Management continually reviews, evaluates and 
regarding ICAAP, see Capital Management on page 61.
enhances our VaR model so that it reflects the material risks in 
Global Risk Management continually reviews, evaluates and 
our trading portfolio. Changes to the VaR model are reviewed and 
enhances our VaR model so that it reflects the material risks in 
approved prior to implementation and any material changes are 
our trading portfolio. Changes to the VaR model are reviewed and 
reported to management through the appropriate management 
approved prior to implementation and any material changes are 
committees.
reported to management through the appropriate management 
Trading limits on quantitative risk measures, including VaR, are 
committees.
independently  set  by  Global  Markets  Risk  Management  and 
Trading limits on quantitative risk measures, including VaR, are 
reviewed on a regular basis so that trading limits remain relevant 
independently  set  by  Global  Markets  Risk  Management  and 
and within our overall risk appetite for market risks. Trading limits 
reviewed on a regular basis so that trading limits remain relevant 
are  reviewed  in  the  context  of  market  liquidity,  volatility  and 
and within our overall risk appetite for market risks. Trading limits 
strategic  business  priorities.  Trading  limits  are  set  at  both  a 
are  reviewed  in  the  context  of  market  liquidity,  volatility  and 
granular level to allow for extensive coverage of risks as well as 
strategic  business  priorities.  Trading  limits  are  set  at  both  a 
at aggregated portfolios to account for correlations among risk 
granular level to allow for extensive coverage of risks as well as 
factors. All trading limits are approved at least annually. Approved 
at aggregated portfolios to account for correlations among risk 
trading  limits  are  stored  and  tracked  in  a  centralized  limits 
factors. All trading limits are approved at least annually. Approved 
management system. Trading limit excesses are communicated 
trading  limits  are  stored  and  tracked  in  a  centralized  limits 
to  management  for  review.  Certain  quantitative  market  risk 
management system. Trading limit excesses are communicated 
measures and corresponding limits have been identified as critical 
to  management  for  review.  Certain  quantitative  market  risk 
in the Corporation’s Risk Appetite Statement. These risk appetite 
measures and corresponding limits have been identified as critical 
limits are reported on a daily basis and are approved at least 
in the Corporation’s Risk Appetite Statement. These risk appetite 
annually by the ERC and the Board.
limits are reported on a daily basis and are approved at least 
annually by the ERC and the Board.

Table 49 Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities
Table 49 Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities

In periods of market stress, Global Markets senior leadership 
communicates daily to discuss losses, key risk positions and any 
In periods of market stress, Global Markets senior leadership 
limit excesses. As a result of this process, the businesses may 
communicates daily to discuss losses, key risk positions and any 
selectively reduce risk.
limit excesses. As a result of this process, the businesses may 
Table 49 presents the total market-based trading portfolio VaR 
selectively reduce risk.
which is the combination of the covered positions trading portfolio 
Table 49 presents the total market-based trading portfolio VaR 
and  the  impact  from  less  liquid  trading  exposures.  Covered 
which is the combination of the covered positions trading portfolio 
positions are defined by regulatory standards as trading assets 
and  the  impact  from  less  liquid  trading  exposures.  Covered 
and liabilities, both on- and off-balance sheet, that meet a defined 
positions are defined by regulatory standards as trading assets 
set of specifications. These specifications identify the most liquid 
and liabilities, both on- and off-balance sheet, that meet a defined 
trading positions which are intended to be held for a short-term 
set of specifications. These specifications identify the most liquid 
horizon and where we are able to hedge the material risk elements 
trading positions which are intended to be held for a short-term 
in a two-way market. Positions in less liquid markets, or where 
horizon and where we are able to hedge the material risk elements 
there are restrictions on the ability to trade the positions, typically 
in a two-way market. Positions in less liquid markets, or where 
do  not  qualify  as  covered  positions.  Foreign  exchange  and 
there are restrictions on the ability to trade the positions, typically 
commodity positions are always considered covered positions, 
do  not  qualify  as  covered  positions.  Foreign  exchange  and 
except for structural foreign currency positions that are excluded 
commodity positions are always considered covered positions, 
with prior regulatory approval. In addition, Table 49 presents our 
except for structural foreign currency positions that are excluded 
fair value option portfolio, which includes substantially all of the 
with prior regulatory approval. In addition, Table 49 presents our 
funded and unfunded exposures for which we elect the fair value 
fair value option portfolio, which includes substantially all of the 
option,  and  their  corresponding  hedges.  The  fair  value  option 
funded and unfunded exposures for which we elect the fair value 
portfolio combined with the total market-based trading portfolio 
option,  and  their  corresponding  hedges.  The  fair  value  option 
VaR represents our total market-based portfolio VaR. Additionally, 
portfolio combined with the total market-based trading portfolio 
market risk VaR for trading activities as presented in Table 49
VaR represents our total market-based portfolio VaR. Additionally, 
differs from VaR used for regulatory capital calculations due to 
market risk VaR for trading activities as presented in Table 49
the holding period being used. The holding period for VaR used 
differs from VaR used for regulatory capital calculations due to 
for regulatory capital calculations is 10 days, while for the market 
the holding period being used. The holding period for VaR used 
risk VaR presented below it is one day. Both measures utilize the 
for regulatory capital calculations is 10 days, while for the market 
same process and methodology.
risk VaR presented below it is one day. Both measures utilize the 
The total market-based portfolio VaR results in Table 49 include 
same process and methodology.
market risk to which we are exposed from all business segments, 
The total market-based portfolio VaR results in Table 49 include 
excluding CVA and DVA. The majority of this portfolio is within the 
market risk to which we are exposed from all business segments, 
Global Markets segment.
excluding CVA and DVA. The majority of this portfolio is within the 
Table 49 presents year-end, average, high and low daily trading 
Global Markets segment.
VaR for 2017 and 2016 using a 99 percent confidence level.
Table 49 presents year-end, average, high and low daily trading 
VaR for 2017 and 2016 using a 99 percent confidence level.

2017

2016

$

$

$

Low (1)

High (1)

2017
$

High (1)

Low (1)

High (1)

Low (1)

Total covered positions trading portfolio

(Dollars in millions)
Foreign exchange
(Dollars in millions)
Interest rate
Foreign exchange
Credit
Interest rate
Equity
Credit
Commodity
Equity
Portfolio diversification
Commodity
Portfolio diversification
Impact from less liquid exposures

3
11
3
21
11
12
21
3
12
—
3
23
—
—
23
26
—
7
26
4
7
—
4
6
—
—
6
29
—
29
portfolio diversification, which is the difference between the total portfolio and the sum of the individual components, is not relevant.

5
10
5
25
10
11
25
3
11
—
3
24
—
—
24
28
—
12
28
5
12
—
5
8
—
—
8
32
Portfolio diversification
—
(1)  The high and low for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the high and low for the components. Therefore the impact from less liquid exposures and the amount of 
32
(1)  The high and low for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the high and low for the components. Therefore the impact from less liquid exposures and the amount of 

Impact from less liquid exposures
Fair value option loans
Fair value option hedges
Fair value option loans
Fair value option portfolio diversification
Fair value option hedges
Fair value option portfolio diversification
Portfolio diversification

Average
2016
$
9
$
Average
19
9
$
30
19
18
30
6
18
(46)
6
36
(46)
5
36
41
5
23
41
11
23
(21)
11
13
(21)
(6)
13
48
(6)
48

Year End
$
8
Year End
11
8
$
25
11
19
25
4
19
(39)
4
28
(39)
6
28
34
6
14
34
6
14
(10)
6
10
(10)
(4)
10
40
(4)
40

Average
$
11
Average
21
11
$
26
21
18
26
5
18
(47)
5
34
(47)
6
34
40
6
10
40
7
10
(8)
7
9
(8)
(4)
9
45
(4)
45

Year End
$
7
Year End
22
$
7
29
22
19
29
5
19
(49)
5
33
(49)
5
33
38
5
9
38
7
9
(7)
7
9
(7)
(4)
9
43
(4)
43

Total covered positions trading portfolio
Total market-based trading portfolio

16
30
16
37
30
30
37
12
30
—
12
50
—
—
50
58
—
40
58
22
40
—
22
20
—
—
20
70
—
70

Total fair value option portfolio
Total market-based portfolio

25
41
25
33
41
33
33
9
33
—
9
53
—
—
53
63
—
14
63
11
14
—
11
11
—
—
11
69
—
69

Total market-based trading portfolio

Total fair value option portfolio

Total market-based portfolio

High (1)

Low (1)

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

portfolio diversification, which is the difference between the total portfolio and the sum of the individual components, is not relevant.

94     Bank of America 2017

94     Bank of America 2017

The graph below presents the daily total market-based trading portfolio VaR for 2017, corresponding to the data in Table 49.
The graph below presents the daily total market-based trading portfolio VaR for 2017, corresponding to the data in Table 49.

Daily Total Market-Based Trading Portfolio VaR History 
Daily Total Market-Based Trading Portfolio VaR History 

80

80
70

70
60

60
50

50
40

40
30

30
20

20
10

 
s
n
o

i
l
 
l
s
i
M
n
o
n

 
i
l
l
i
i
 
M
s
r
 
a
n
l
i
l
 
o
s
D
r
a

l
l

o
D

10
0

0

12/31/2016

12/31/2016

VaR

VaR

3/31/2017

6/30/2017

9/30/2017

12/31/2017

3/31/2017

6/30/2017

9/30/2017

12/31/2017

Additional VaR statistics produced within our single VaR model are provided in Table 50 at the same level of detail as in Table 49. 
Evaluating VaR with additional statistics allows for an increased understanding of the risks in the portfolio as the historical market 
Additional VaR statistics produced within our single VaR model are provided in Table 50 at the same level of detail as in Table 49. 
data used in the VaR calculation does not necessarily follow a predefined statistical distribution. Table 50 presents average trading 
Evaluating VaR with additional statistics allows for an increased understanding of the risks in the portfolio as the historical market 
VaR statistics at 99 percent and 95 percent confidence levels for 2017 and 2016.
data used in the VaR calculation does not necessarily follow a predefined statistical distribution. Table 50 presents average trading 
VaR statistics at 99 percent and 95 percent confidence levels for 2017 and 2016.
Table 50  Average Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities – 99 percent and 95 percent VaR Statistics
Table 50  Average Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities – 99 percent and 95 percent VaR Statistics

(Dollars in millions)
Foreign exchange
(Dollars in millions)
Interest rate
Foreign exchange
Credit
Interest rate
Equity
Credit
Commodity
Equity
Portfolio diversification
Commodity
Portfolio diversification
Impact from less liquid exposures

Total covered positions trading portfolio

Total covered positions trading portfolio
Total market-based trading portfolio

Total market-based trading portfolio

Impact from less liquid exposures
Fair value option loans
Fair value option hedges
Fair value option loans
Fair value option portfolio diversification
Fair value option hedges
Fair value option portfolio diversification
Portfolio diversification

Total fair value option portfolio

Total fair value option portfolio
Total market-based portfolio

Portfolio diversification

Total market-based portfolio

Backtesting
The accuracy of the VaR methodology is evaluated by backtesting, 
Backtesting
which compares the daily VaR results, utilizing a one-day holding 
The accuracy of the VaR methodology is evaluated by backtesting, 
period,  against  a  comparable  subset  of  trading  revenue.  A 
which compares the daily VaR results, utilizing a one-day holding 
backtesting excess occurs when a trading loss exceeds the VaR 
period,  against  a  comparable  subset  of  trading  revenue.  A 
for  the  corresponding  day.  These  excesses  are  evaluated  to 
backtesting excess occurs when a trading loss exceeds the VaR 
understand the positions and market moves that produced the 
for  the  corresponding  day.  These  excesses  are  evaluated  to 
trading  loss  and  to  assess  whether  the  VaR  methodology 
understand the positions and market moves that produced the 
accurately represents those losses. We expect the frequency of 
trading  loss  and  to  assess  whether  the  VaR  methodology 
trading losses in excess of VaR to be in line with the confidence 
accurately represents those losses. We expect the frequency of 
level of the VaR statistic being tested. For example, with a 99 
trading losses in excess of VaR to be in line with the confidence 
percent confidence level, we expect one trading loss in excess of 
level of the VaR statistic being tested. For example, with a 99 
VaR every 100 days or between two to three trading losses in 
percent confidence level, we expect one trading loss in excess of 
excess of VaR over the course of a year. The number of backtesting 
VaR every 100 days or between two to three trading losses in 
excesses  observed  can  differ  from  the  statistically  expected 
excess of VaR over the course of a year. The number of backtesting 
number  of  excesses  if  the  current  level  of  market  volatility  is 
excesses  observed  can  differ  from  the  statistically  expected 
materially different than the level of market volatility that existed 
number  of  excesses  if  the  current  level  of  market  volatility  is 
during  the  three  years  of  historical  data  used  in  the  VaR 
materially different than the level of market volatility that existed 
calculation.
during  the  three  years  of  historical  data  used  in  the  VaR 
calculation.

99 percent 

95 percent

99 percent 

$

$

2016

99 percent 
2016
9
$
99 percent 
9

$

$

$

95 percent

95 percent

2017

2017
$

$

95 percent

6
11
14
21  
6
11
15
26  
14
21  
10
18  
15
26  
3
5  
10
18  
(30)
(47)  
3
5  
18
34  
(30)
(47)  
2
6  
18
34  
20
40  
2
6  
6
10  
20
40  
5
7  
6
10  
(8)                     (6)
5
7  
9  
5
(8)                     (6)
(4)                     (3)
5
9  
22
45
(4)                     (3)
45
22

$

$

 

 

19  
30  
19  
18  
30  
6  
18  
(46)  
6  
36  
(46)  
5  
36  
41  
5  
23  
41  
11  
23  
(21)  
11  
13  
(21)  
(6)
13  
48
(6)
48

5
12
5
18
12
11
18
3
11
(30)
3
19
(30)
3
19
22
3
13
22
8
13
(13)
8
8
(13)
(4)
8
26
(4)
26

$

 

$

 

$

 

$

 

$

 

$

 

The  trading  revenue  used  for  backtesting  is  defined  by 
regulatory agencies in order to most closely align with the VaR 
The  trading  revenue  used  for  backtesting  is  defined  by 
component  of  the  regulatory  capital  calculation.  This  revenue 
regulatory agencies in order to most closely align with the VaR 
differs  from  total  trading-related  revenue  in  that  it  excludes 
component  of  the  regulatory  capital  calculation.  This  revenue 
revenue from trading activities that either do not generate market 
differs  from  total  trading-related  revenue  in  that  it  excludes 
risk or the market risk cannot be included in VaR. Some examples 
revenue from trading activities that either do not generate market 
of  the  types  of  revenue  excluded  for  backtesting  are  fees, 
risk or the market risk cannot be included in VaR. Some examples 
commissions, reserves, net interest income and intraday trading 
of  the  types  of  revenue  excluded  for  backtesting  are  fees, 
revenues.
commissions, reserves, net interest income and intraday trading 
We conduct daily backtesting on our portfolios, ranging from 
revenues.
the  total  market-based  portfolio  to  individual  trading  areas. 
We conduct daily backtesting on our portfolios, ranging from 
Additionally, we conduct daily backtesting on the VaR results used 
the  total  market-based  portfolio  to  individual  trading  areas. 
for regulatory capital calculations as well as the VaR results for 
Additionally, we conduct daily backtesting on the VaR results used 
key  legal  entities,  regions  and  risk  factors.  These  results  are 
for regulatory capital calculations as well as the VaR results for 
reported to senior market risk management. Senior management 
key  legal  entities,  regions  and  risk  factors.  These  results  are 
regularly reviews and evaluates the results of these tests.
reported to senior market risk management. Senior management 
During  2017,  there  were  no  days  in  which  there  was  a 
regularly reviews and evaluates the results of these tests.
backtesting  excess  for  our  total  market-based  portfolio  VaR, 
During  2017,  there  were  no  days  in  which  there  was  a 
utilizing a one-day holding period.
backtesting  excess  for  our  total  market-based  portfolio  VaR, 
utilizing a one-day holding period.

Bank of America 2017     95 

Bank of America 2017     95 

Total Trading-related Revenue
Total trading-related revenue, excluding brokerage fees, and CVA, 
Total Trading-related Revenue
DVA and funding valuation adjustment gains (losses), represents 
Total trading-related revenue, excluding brokerage fees, and CVA, 
the total amount earned from trading positions, including market-
DVA and funding valuation adjustment gains (losses), represents 
based net interest income, which are taken in a diverse range of 
the total amount earned from trading positions, including market-
financial instruments and markets. Trading account assets and 
based net interest income, which are taken in a diverse range of 
liabilities are reported at fair value. For more information on fair 
financial instruments and markets. Trading account assets and 
value, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements to the Consolidated 
liabilities are reported at fair value. For more information on fair 
Financial Statements. Trading-related revenue can be volatile and 
value, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements to the Consolidated 
is  largely  driven  by  general  market  conditions  and  customer 
Financial Statements. Trading-related revenue can be volatile and 
demand. Also, trading-related revenue is dependent on the volume 
is  largely  driven  by  general  market  conditions  and  customer 
and  type  of  transactions,  the  level  of  risk  assumed,  and  the 
demand. Also, trading-related revenue is dependent on the volume 
volatility of price and rate movements at any given time within the 
and  type  of  transactions,  the  level  of  risk  assumed,  and  the 
volatility of price and rate movements at any given time within the 

ever-changing market environment. Significant daily revenue by 
business  is  monitored  and  the  primary  drivers  of  these  are 
ever-changing market environment. Significant daily revenue by 
reviewed.
business  is  monitored  and  the  primary  drivers  of  these  are 
The  following  histogram  is  a  graphic  depiction  of  trading 
reviewed.
volatility and illustrates the daily level of trading-related revenue 
The  following  histogram  is  a  graphic  depiction  of  trading 
for 2017 and 2016. During 2017, positive trading-related revenue 
volatility and illustrates the daily level of trading-related revenue 
was recorded for 100 percent of the trading days, of which 77 
for 2017 and 2016. During 2017, positive trading-related revenue 
percent were daily trading gains of over $25 million. This compares 
was recorded for 100 percent of the trading days, of which 77 
to 2016 where positive trading-related revenue was recorded for 
percent were daily trading gains of over $25 million. This compares 
99 percent of the trading days, of which 84 percent were daily 
to 2016 where positive trading-related revenue was recorded for 
trading gains of over $25 million and the largest loss was $24 
99 percent of the trading days, of which 84 percent were daily 
million.
trading gains of over $25 million and the largest loss was $24 
million.

Histogram of Daily Trading-related Revenue 
Histogram of Daily Trading-related Revenue 

 
s
y
a
D
 
s
 
f
y
o
a
 
r
D
e
 
b
f
o
m
 
r
u
e
N
b
m
u
N

160

160
140

140
120

120
100

100
80

80
60

60
40

40
20

20
0

0

greater than -100

-100 to -75

greater than -100

-100 to -75

-75 to -50

-75 to -50

-50 to -25

-50 to -25

-25 to 0

0 to 25

Revenue (dollars in millions) 

-25 to 0

0 to 25

25 to 50

25 to 50

50 to 75

50 to 75

75 to 100

greater than 100

75 to 100

greater than 100

Year Ended December 31, 2016

Revenue (dollars in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2017

Year Ended December 31, 2016

Year Ended December 31, 2017

Trading Portfolio Stress Testing
Because the very nature of a VaR model suggests results can 
Trading Portfolio Stress Testing
exceed our estimates and it is dependent on a limited historical 
Because the very nature of a VaR model suggests results can 
window, we also stress test our portfolio using scenario analysis. 
exceed our estimates and it is dependent on a limited historical 
This analysis estimates the change in the value of our trading 
window, we also stress test our portfolio using scenario analysis. 
portfolio that may result from abnormal market movements.
This analysis estimates the change in the value of our trading 
A  set  of  scenarios,  categorized  as  either  historical  or 
portfolio that may result from abnormal market movements.
hypothetical, are computed daily for the overall trading portfolio 
A  set  of  scenarios,  categorized  as  either  historical  or 
and  individual  businesses.  These  scenarios  include  shocks  to 
hypothetical, are computed daily for the overall trading portfolio 
underlying market risk factors that may be well beyond the shocks 
and  individual  businesses.  These  scenarios  include  shocks  to 
found  in  the  historical  data  used  to  calculate  VaR.  Historical 
underlying market risk factors that may be well beyond the shocks 
scenarios simulate the impact of the market moves that occurred 
found  in  the  historical  data  used  to  calculate  VaR.  Historical 
during a period of extended historical market stress. Generally, a 
scenarios simulate the impact of the market moves that occurred 
multi-week period representing the most severe point during a 
during a period of extended historical market stress. Generally, a 
crisis  is  selected  for  each  historical  scenario.  Hypothetical 
multi-week period representing the most severe point during a 
scenarios  provide  estimated  portfolio  impacts  from  potential 
crisis  is  selected  for  each  historical  scenario.  Hypothetical 
scenarios  provide  estimated  portfolio  impacts  from  potential 

future market stress events. Scenarios are reviewed and updated 
in response to changing positions and new economic or political 
future market stress events. Scenarios are reviewed and updated 
information. In addition, new or ad hoc scenarios are developed 
in response to changing positions and new economic or political 
to  address  specific  potential  market  events  or  particular 
information. In addition, new or ad hoc scenarios are developed 
vulnerabilities in the portfolio. The stress tests are reviewed on 
to  address  specific  potential  market  events  or  particular 
a  regular  basis  and  the  results  are  presented  to  senior 
vulnerabilities in the portfolio. The stress tests are reviewed on 
management.
a  regular  basis  and  the  results  are  presented  to  senior 
Stress  testing  for  the  trading  portfolio  is  integrated  with 
management.
enterprise-wide  stress  testing  and  incorporated  into  the  limits 
Stress  testing  for  the  trading  portfolio  is  integrated  with 
framework. The macroeconomic scenarios used for enterprise-
enterprise-wide  stress  testing  and  incorporated  into  the  limits 
wide  stress  testing  purposes  differ  from  the  typical  trading 
framework. The macroeconomic scenarios used for enterprise-
portfolio scenarios in that they have a longer time horizon and the 
wide  stress  testing  purposes  differ  from  the  typical  trading 
results  are  forecasted  over  multiple  periods  for  use  in 
portfolio scenarios in that they have a longer time horizon and the 
consolidated capital and liquidity planning. For more information, 
results  are  forecasted  over  multiple  periods  for  use  in 
see Managing Risk on page 57.
consolidated capital and liquidity planning. For more information, 
see Managing Risk on page 57.

96     Bank of America 2017

96     Bank of America 2017

Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking 
Book
The following discussion presents net interest income for banking 
book activities.

Interest rate risk represents the most significant market risk 
exposure to our banking book balance sheet. Interest rate risk is 
measured as the potential change in net interest income caused 
by  movements  in  market  interest  rates.  Client-facing  activities, 
primarily lending and deposit-taking, create interest rate sensitive 
positions on our balance sheet.

We prepare forward-looking forecasts of net interest income. 
The  baseline  forecast  takes  into  consideration  expected  future 
business growth, ALM positioning and the direction of interest rate 
movements  as  implied  by  the  market-based  forward  curve.  We 
then measure and evaluate the impact that alternative interest 
rate scenarios have on the baseline forecast in order to assess 
interest rate sensitivity under varied conditions. The net interest 
income forecast is frequently updated for changing assumptions 
and  differing  outlooks  based  on  economic  trends,  market 
conditions and business strategies. Thus, we continually monitor 
our balance sheet position in order to maintain an acceptable level 
of exposure to interest rate changes.

The interest rate scenarios that we analyze incorporate balance 
sheet assumptions such as loan and deposit growth and pricing, 
changes in funding mix, product repricing, maturity characteristics 
and investment securities premium amortization. Our overall goal 
is to manage interest rate risk so that movements in interest rates 
do not significantly adversely affect earnings and capital.

Table 51 presents the spot and 12-month forward rates used 

in our baseline forecasts at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Table 51 Forward Rates

Spot rates
12-month forward rates

Spot rates
12-month forward rates

December 31, 2017

Federal
Funds

 

Three-month

LIBOR

10-Year
Swap

1.50%
2.00

1.69%
2.14

December 31, 2016

0.75%
1.25

1.00%
1.51

2.40%
2.48

2.34%
2.49

Table  52  shows  the  pre-tax  dollar  impact  to  forecasted  net 
interest income over the next 12 months from December 31, 2017 
and 2016, resulting from instantaneous parallel and non-parallel 
shocks to the market-based forward curve. Periodically we evaluate 
the scenarios presented so that they are meaningful in the context 
of the current rate environment.

During 2017, the asset sensitivity of our balance sheet to rising 
rates was largely unchanged. We continue to be asset sensitive 
to a parallel move in interest rates with the majority of that benefit 
coming from the short end of the yield curve. Additionally, higher 
interest  rates  impact  the  fair  value  of  debt  securities  and, 
accordingly,  for  debt  securities  classified  as  available  for  sale 
(AFS),  may  adversely  affect  accumulated  OCI  and  thus  capital 
levels under the Basel 3 capital rules. Under instantaneous upward 
parallel shifts, the near-term adverse impact to Basel 3 capital is 
reduced over time by offsetting positive impacts to net interest 
income. For more information on Basel 3, see Capital Management 
– Regulatory Capital on page 61.

Table 52 Estimated Banking Book Net Interest Income 

Sensitivity

(Dollars in millions)
Curve Change
Parallel Shifts

+100 bps 

instantaneous shift

-50 bps 

instantaneous shift

Flatteners

Short-end 

instantaneous change

Long-end 

instantaneous change

Steepeners
Short-end 

instantaneous change

Long-end 

instantaneous change

Short 

Long 

Rate (bps)

Rate (bps)

December 31

2017

2016

+100

+100

$

3,317

$

3,370

-50
 

+100

—
 

-50

—

-50
 

—

-50
 

—

(2,273)

(2,900)
 

2,182

2,473

(1,246)

(961)

(1,021)

(1,918)

+100

1,135

928

The sensitivity analysis in Table 52 assumes that we take no 
action in response to these rate shocks and does not assume any 
change in other macroeconomic variables normally correlated with 
changes in interest rates. As part of our ALM activities, we use 
securities, certain residential mortgages, and interest rate and 
foreign exchange derivatives in managing interest rate sensitivity.
The behavior of our deposit portfolio in the baseline forecast 
and in alternate interest rate scenarios is a key assumption in our 
projected estimates of net interest income. The sensitivity analysis 
in Table 52 assumes no change in deposit portfolio size or mix 
from the baseline forecast in alternate rate environments. In higher 
rate scenarios, any customer activity resulting in the replacement 
of  low-cost  or  noninterest-bearing  deposits  with  higher-yielding 
deposits  or  market-based  funding  would  reduce  our  benefit  in 
those scenarios.

Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Derivative 
Contracts
Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts are utilized 
in our ALM activities and serve as an efficient tool to manage our 
interest  rate  and  foreign  exchange  risk.  We  use  derivatives  to 
hedge the variability in cash flows or changes in fair value on our 
balance  sheet  due  to  interest  rate  and  foreign  exchange 
components. For more information on our hedging activities, see 
Note 2 – Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our interest rate contracts are generally non-leveraged generic 
interest rate and foreign exchange basis swaps, options, futures 
and  forwards.  In  addition,  we  use  foreign  exchange  contracts, 
including  cross-currency  interest  rate  swaps,  foreign  currency 
futures contracts, foreign currency forward contracts and options 
to  mitigate  the  foreign  exchange  risk  associated  with  foreign 
currency-denominated assets and liabilities.

Changes to the composition of our derivatives portfolio during 
2017 reflect actions taken for interest rate and foreign exchange 
rate risk management. The decisions to reposition our derivatives 
portfolio are based on the current assessment of economic and 
financial conditions including the interest rate and foreign currency 
environments,  balance  sheet  composition  and  trends,  and  the 
relative mix of our cash and derivative positions.

Bank of America 2017     97 

Table  53  presents  derivatives  utilized  in  our  ALM  activities  including  those  designated  as  accounting  and  economic  hedging 
instruments and shows the notional amount, fair value, weighted-average receive-fixed and pay-fixed rates, expected maturity and 
average estimated durations of our open ALM derivatives at December 31, 2017 and 2016. These amounts do not include derivative 
hedges on our MSRs.

Table 53 Asset and Liability Management Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Contracts

December 31, 2017
Expected Maturity

(Dollars in millions, average estimated duration in
years)
Receive-fixed interest rate swaps (1)

Fair
Value

Total

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Thereafter

$

2,330

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Notional amount
Weighted-average fixed-rate

Pay-fixed interest rate swaps (1)

Notional amount
Weighted-average fixed-rate
Same-currency basis swaps (2)

Notional amount

Foreign exchange basis swaps (1, 3, 4)

Notional amount
Option products (5)

Notional amount (6)

Foreign exchange contracts (1, 4, 7)

Notional amount (6)
Net ALM contracts

 

 

(Dollars in millions, average estimated duration in
years)
Receive-fixed interest rate swaps (1)

  $ 176,390
 
(37)

2.42%
 

  $ 45,873
 
(17)

2.15%
 

$ 21,850

$ 27,176

$ 16,347

$

6,498

$ 19,120

$ 85,399

3.20%
 

1.87%
 

1.88%
 

2.99%
 

2.10%
 

2.52%
 

$ 11,555

$

1,210

$

4,344

$

1,616

1.73%
 

2.07%
 

2.16%
 

2.22%
 

  $ 38,622

$ 11,028

$

6,789

$

1,180

$

2,807

(1,616)
 
13
 
1,424

$

2,097

107,263

1,218

(11,783)

 

 

 

 

24,886

1,201

(28,689)

 

 

 

 

11,922

—

2,231

 

 

 

 

13,367

—

(24)

 

 

 

 

9,301

—

2,471

 

 

 

 

$

$

— $ 27,148
—%
 

2.32%
 

955

$ 15,863

6,860

—

2,919

 

 

 

 

40,927

17

9,309

 

 

 

 

 
 

Fair
Value

December 31, 2016
Expected Maturity

Total

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Thereafter

Average
Estimated
Duration

5.38
 
 
5.63
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Average
Estimated
Duration

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

4,055

$ 1,527

$ 48,257

$ 5,307

$ 7,515

$ 10,283

$ 25,788

$ 21,453

2.31%
 

2.81%
 

3.64%
 

2.83%
 

Notional amount

Pay-fixed interest rate swaps (1)

Foreign exchange basis swaps (1, 3, 4)

  $ 22,400
 
(26)

Notional amount
Weighted-average fixed-rate

  $ 118,603
 
159

Notional amount
Weighted-average fixed-rate
Same-currency basis swaps (2)

4.81
 
 
2.77
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1)  Does not include basis adjustments on either fixed-rate debt issued by the Corporation or AFS debt securities, which are hedged using derivatives designated as fair value hedging instruments, that 

(4,233)
 
5
 
3,180
 
19
 
3,159

Notional amount (6)
Net ALM contracts

Notional amount
Option products (5)

Futures and forward rate contracts

Foreign exchange contracts (1, 4, 7)

213
1.00%
 

Notional amount (6)

Notional amount (6)

1.37%
 

1.84%
 

1.47%
 

0.97%
 

1.08%
 

2.45%
 

2.07%
 

3.18%
 

2.67%
 

  $ 59,274

$ 9,168

$ 2,072

$ 7,975

$ 1,445

$ 20,775

$ 11,027

$ 6,784

$ 1,180

$ 2,799

$ 16,709

(20,285)

(30,199)

125,522

37,896

37,896

26,509

22,724

12,178

12,150

43,596

1,961

6,883

8,365

1,673

1,687

197

881

14

(8)

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

$

$

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

substantially offset the fair values of these derivatives.

(2)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the notional amount of same-currency basis swaps included $38.6 billion and $59.3 billion in both foreign currency and U.S. dollar-denominated basis swaps in 

which both sides of the swap are in the same currency.

(3)  Foreign exchange basis swaps consisted of cross-currency variable interest rate swaps used separately or in conjunction with receive-fixed interest rate swaps.
(4)  Does not include foreign currency translation adjustments on certain non-U.S. debt issued by the Corporation that substantially offset the fair values of these derivatives.
(5)  The notional amount of option products of $1.2 billion and $1.7 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016 was substantially all in foreign exchange options. 
(6)  Reflects the net of long and short positions. Amounts shown as negative reflect a net short position.
(7)  The notional amount of foreign exchange contracts of $(11.8) billion at December 31, 2017 was comprised of $29.1 billion in foreign currency-denominated and cross-currency receive-fixed swaps, 
$(35.6) billion in net foreign currency forward rate contracts, $(6.2) billion in foreign currency-denominated pay-fixed swaps and $940 million in net foreign currency futures contracts. Foreign exchange 
contracts of $(20.3) billion at December 31, 2016 were comprised of $21.5 billion in foreign currency-denominated and cross-currency receive-fixed swaps, $(38.5) billion in net foreign currency 
forward rate contracts, $(4.6) billion in foreign currency-denominated pay-fixed swaps and $1.3 billion in foreign currency futures contracts.

98     Bank of America 2017

We  use  interest  rate  derivative  instruments  to  hedge  the 
variability in the cash flows of our assets and liabilities and other 
forecasted  transactions  (collectively  referred  to  as  cash  flow 
hedges). The net losses on both open and terminated cash flow 
hedge derivative instruments recorded in accumulated OCI were 
$1.3 billion and $1.4 billion, on a pre-tax basis, at December 31, 
2017 and 2016. These net losses are expected to be reclassified 
into earnings in the same period as the hedged cash flows affect 
earnings and will decrease income or increase expense on the 
respective hedged cash flows. Assuming no change in open cash 
flow derivative hedge positions and no changes in prices or interest 
rates beyond what is implied in forward yield curves at December 
31, 2017, the pre-tax net losses are expected to be reclassified 
into earnings as follows: $208 million, or 16 percent, within the 
next year, 56 percent in years two through five, and 18 percent in 
years six through 10, with the remaining 10 percent thereafter. For 
more information on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, 
see Note 2 – Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We hedge our net investment in non-U.S. operations determined 
to  have  functional  currencies  other  than  the  U.S.  dollar  using 
forward foreign exchange contracts that typically settle in less than 
180  days,  cross-currency  basis  swaps  and  foreign  exchange 
options.  We  recorded  net  after-tax  losses  on  derivatives  in 
accumulated OCI associated with net investment hedges which 
were offset by gains on our net investments in consolidated non-
U.S. entities at December 31, 2017.

Mortgage Banking Risk Management
We originate, fund and service mortgage loans, which subject us 
to  credit,  liquidity  and  interest  rate  risks,  among  others.  We 
determine whether loans will be held for investment or held for 
sale at the time of commitment and manage credit and liquidity 
risks by selling or securitizing a portion of the loans we originate.
Interest  rate  risk  and  market  risk  can  be  substantial  in  the 
mortgage business. Changes in interest rates and other market 
factors impact the volume of mortgage originations. Changes in 
interest  rates  also  impact  the  value  of  IRLCs  and  the  related 
residential first mortgage LHFS between the date of the IRLC and 
the date the loans are sold to the secondary market. An increase 
in mortgage interest rates typically leads to a decrease in the value 
of  these  instruments.  Conversely,  the  value  of  the  MSRs  will 
increase driven by lower prepayment expectations when there is 
an increase in interest rates. Because the interest rate risks of 
these two hedged items offset, we combine them into one overall 
hedged  item  with  one  combined  economic  hedge  portfolio 
consisting of derivative contracts and securities.

During 2017 and 2016, we recorded gains in mortgage banking 
income of $118 million and $366 million related to the change in 
fair value of the MSRs, IRLCs and LHFS, net of gains and losses 
on the hedge portfolio. For more information on MSRs, see Note 
20  –  Fair  Value  Measurements  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements  and  for  more  information  on  mortgage  banking 
income, see Consumer Banking on page 47.

Compliance Risk Management
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material 
financial  loss  or  damage  to  the  reputation  of  the  Corporation 
arising  from  the  failure  of  the  Corporation  to  comply  with  the 
requirements  of  applicable  laws,  rules,  regulations  and  related 
self-regulatory  organizations’  standards  and  codes  of  conduct 
(collectively,  applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations).  Global 
Compliance  independently  assesses  compliance  risk,  and 
evaluates FLUs and control functions for adherence to applicable 

laws,  rules  and  regulations,  including  identifying  compliance 
issues and risks, performing monitoring and developing tests to 
be  conducted  by  the  Enterprise  Independent  Testing  unit,  and 
reporting  on  the  state  of  compliance  activities  across  the 
Corporation.  Enterprise  Independent  Testing,  an  independent 
testing  function  within  IRM,  works  with  Global  Compliance,  the 
FLUs and control functions in the identification of testing needs 
and test design, and is accountable for test execution, reporting 
and analysis of results. Additionally, Global Compliance works with 
FLUs and control functions so that day-to-day activities operate in 
a compliant manner.  

The Corporation’s approach to the management of compliance 
risk is described in the Global Compliance - Enterprise Policy, which 
outlines the requirements of the Corporation’s global compliance 
program, and defines roles and responsibilities of FLUs, IRM and 
Corporate Audit, the three lines of defense in managing compliance 
risk. The requirements work together to drive a comprehensive 
risk-based approach for the proactive identification, management 
and escalation of compliance risks throughout the Corporation. 
For more information on FLUs and control functions, see Managing 
Risk on page 57.

The  Global  Compliance  -  Enterprise  Policy  also  sets  the 
requirements  for  reporting  compliance  risk  information  to 
executive management as well as the Board or appropriate Board-
level committees in support of Global Compliance’s responsibility 
for  conducting  independent  oversight  of  the  Corporation’s 
compliance  risk  management  activities.  The  Board  provides 
oversight of compliance risk through its Audit Committee and the 
ERC.

Operational Risk Management
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or 
failed internal processes, people and systems or from external 
events. Operational risk may occur anywhere in the Corporation, 
including  third-party  business  processes,  and  is  not  limited  to 
operations functions. Effects may extend beyond financial losses 
and  may  result  in  reputational  risk  impacts.  Operational  risk 
includes legal risk. Additionally, operational risk is a component 
in the calculation of total risk-weighted assets used in the Basel 
3 capital calculation. For more information on Basel 3 calculations, 
see Capital Management on page 61. 

The Corporation’s approach to Operational Risk Management 
is  outlined  in  the  Operational  Risk  -  Enterprise  Policy,  and 
supporting  standards  which  establish  the  requirements  and 
accountabilities 
for  managing  operational  risk  through  a 
comprehensive  set  of  integrated  practices  implemented  by  the 
Corporation  so  that  our  business  processes  are  designed  and 
executed effectively. The Operational Risk - Enterprise Policy is the 
basis for the operational risk management program. 

The  operational  risk  management  program  describes  the 
processes for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and 
reporting operational risk information to executive management, 
as well as the Board or Appropriate Board-Level committees. Under 
the  operational  risk  management  program,  FLUs  and  control 
functions are responsible for identifying, escalating and debating 
risk associated with their business activities. The operational risk 
management teams independently monitor and assess processes 
and controls, and develop tests to be conducted by the Enterprise 
Independent Testing unit to validate that processes are operating 
as  intended.  The  requirements  work  together  to  drive  a 
comprehensive 
the  proactive 
identification,  management  and  escalation  of  operational  risks 
throughout the Corporation.

risk-based  approach 

for 

Bank of America 2017     99 

risk 
risk 

The MRC oversees the Corporation’s policies and processes 
The MRC oversees the Corporation’s policies and processes 
for operational risk management and serves as an escalation point 
for operational risk management and serves as an escalation point 
for critical operational risk matters with the Corporation. The MRC 
for critical operational risk matters with the Corporation. The MRC 
reports operational risk activities to the ERC of the Board.
reports operational risk activities to the ERC of the Board.
Reputational Risk Management
Reputational Risk Management
Reputational  risk  is  the  risk  that  negative  perceptions  of  the 
Reputational  risk  is  the  risk  that  negative  perceptions  of  the 
Corporation’s conduct or business practices may adversely impact 
Corporation’s conduct or business practices may adversely impact 
its profitability or operations. Reputational risk may result from 
its profitability or operations. Reputational risk may result from 
many of the Corporation’s activities, including those related to the 
many of the Corporation’s activities, including those related to the 
management of our strategic, operational, compliance and credit 
management of our strategic, operational, compliance and credit 
risks.
risks.

reputational 
reputational 

The  Corporation  manages 
The  Corporation  manages 

through 
through 
established  policies  and  controls  in  its  businesses  and  risk 
established  policies  and  controls  in  its  businesses  and  risk 
management processes to mitigate reputational risks in a timely 
management processes to mitigate reputational risks in a timely 
manner  and  through  proactive  monitoring  and  identification  of 
manner  and  through  proactive  monitoring  and  identification  of 
potential reputational risk events. The Corporation has processes 
potential reputational risk events. The Corporation has processes 
and procedures in place to respond to events that give rise to 
and procedures in place to respond to events that give rise to 
reputational risk, including educating individuals and organizations 
reputational risk, including educating individuals and organizations 
that 
external 
that 
external 
communication strategies to mitigate the risk, and informing key 
communication strategies to mitigate the risk, and informing key 
stakeholders of potential reputational risks. 
stakeholders of potential reputational risks. 

implementing 
implementing 

influence 
influence 

The  Corporation’s  organization  and  governance  structure 
The  Corporation’s  organization  and  governance  structure 
provides  oversight  of  reputational  risks,  and  reputational  risk 
provides  oversight  of  reputational  risks,  and  reputational  risk 
reporting is provided regularly and directly to management and the 
reporting is provided regularly and directly to management and the 
ERC,  which  provides  primary  oversight  of  reputational  risk.  In 
ERC,  which  provides  primary  oversight  of  reputational  risk.  In 
addition,  each  FLU  has  a  committee,  which 
includes 
addition,  each  FLU  has  a  committee,  which 
includes 
representatives  from  Compliance,  Legal  and  Risk,  that  is 
representatives  from  Compliance,  Legal  and  Risk,  that  is 
responsible 
for  the  oversight  of  reputational  risk.  Such 
responsible 
for  the  oversight  of  reputational  risk.  Such 
committees’ oversight includes providing approval for business 
committees’ oversight includes providing approval for business 
activities that present elevated levels of reputational risks. 
activities that present elevated levels of reputational risks. 
Complex Accounting Estimates
Complex Accounting Estimates
Our significant accounting principles, as described in Note 1 – 
Our significant accounting principles, as described in Note 1 – 
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated 
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, are essential in understanding the MD&A. 
Financial Statements, are essential in understanding the MD&A. 
Many  of  our  significant  accounting  principles  require  complex 
Many  of  our  significant  accounting  principles  require  complex 
judgments to estimate the values of assets and liabilities. We 
judgments to estimate the values of assets and liabilities. We 
have procedures and processes in place to facilitate making these 
have procedures and processes in place to facilitate making these 
judgments.
judgments.

opinion, 
opinion, 

public 
public 

The  more  judgmental  estimates  are  summarized  in  the 
The  more  judgmental  estimates  are  summarized  in  the 
following  discussion.  We  have  identified  and  described  the 
following  discussion.  We  have  identified  and  described  the 
development of the variables most important in the estimation 
development of the variables most important in the estimation 
processes  that  involve  mathematical  models  to  derive  the 
processes  that  involve  mathematical  models  to  derive  the 
estimates.  In  many  cases,  there  are  numerous  alternative 
estimates.  In  many  cases,  there  are  numerous  alternative 
judgments that could be used in the process of determining the 
judgments that could be used in the process of determining the 
inputs to the models. Where alternatives exist, we have used the 
inputs to the models. Where alternatives exist, we have used the 
factors that we believe represent the most reasonable value in 
factors that we believe represent the most reasonable value in 
developing the inputs. Actual performance that differs from our 
developing the inputs. Actual performance that differs from our 
estimates  of  the  key  variables  could  impact  our  results  of 
estimates  of  the  key  variables  could  impact  our  results  of 
operations.  Separate  from  the  possible  future  impact  to  our 
operations.  Separate  from  the  possible  future  impact  to  our 
results of operations from input and model variables, the value 
results of operations from input and model variables, the value 
of our lending portfolio and market-sensitive assets and liabilities 
of our lending portfolio and market-sensitive assets and liabilities 
may  change  subsequent  to  the  balance  sheet  date,  often 
may  change  subsequent  to  the  balance  sheet  date,  often 
significantly, due to the nature and magnitude of future credit and 
significantly, due to the nature and magnitude of future credit and 
market conditions. Such credit and market conditions may change 
market conditions. Such credit and market conditions may change 
quickly and in unforeseen ways and the resulting volatility could 
quickly and in unforeseen ways and the resulting volatility could 
have  a  significant,  negative  effect  on  future  operating  results. 
have  a  significant,  negative  effect  on  future  operating  results. 

These fluctuations would not be indicative of deficiencies in our 
These fluctuations would not be indicative of deficiencies in our 
models or inputs.
models or inputs.
Allowance for Credit Losses
Allowance for Credit Losses
The allowance for credit losses, which includes the allowance for 
The allowance for credit losses, which includes the allowance for 
loan  and  lease  losses  and  the  reserve  for  unfunded  lending 
loan  and  lease  losses  and  the  reserve  for  unfunded  lending 
commitments,  represents  management’s  estimate  of  probable 
commitments,  represents  management’s  estimate  of  probable 
losses inherent in the Corporation’s loan portfolio excluding those 
losses inherent in the Corporation’s loan portfolio excluding those 
loans accounted for under the fair value option. Our process for 
loans accounted for under the fair value option. Our process for 
determining the allowance for credit losses is discussed in Note 
determining the allowance for credit losses is discussed in Note 
1  –  Summary  of  Significant  Accounting  Principles  to  the 
1  –  Summary  of  Significant  Accounting  Principles  to  the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our estimate for the allowance for loan and lease losses is 
Our estimate for the allowance for loan and lease losses is 
sensitive  to  the  loss  rates  and  expected  cash  flows  from  our 
sensitive  to  the  loss  rates  and  expected  cash  flows  from  our 
Consumer  Real  Estate  and  Credit  Card  and  Other  Consumer 
Consumer  Real  Estate  and  Credit  Card  and  Other  Consumer 
portfolio segments, as well as our U.S. small business commercial 
portfolio segments, as well as our U.S. small business commercial 
card portfolio within the Commercial portfolio segment. For each 
card portfolio within the Commercial portfolio segment. For each 
one-percent  increase  in  the  loss  rates  on  loans  collectively 
one-percent  increase  in  the  loss  rates  on  loans  collectively 
evaluated for impairment in our Consumer Real Estate portfolio 
evaluated for impairment in our Consumer Real Estate portfolio 
segment,  excluding  PCI  loans,  coupled  with  a  one-percent 
segment,  excluding  PCI  loans,  coupled  with  a  one-percent 
decrease in the discounted cash flows on those loans individually 
decrease in the discounted cash flows on those loans individually 
evaluated  for  impairment  within  this  portfolio  segment,  the 
evaluated  for  impairment  within  this  portfolio  segment,  the 
allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31, 2017 would 
allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31, 2017 would 
have increased $36 million. We subject our PCI portfolio to stress 
have increased $36 million. We subject our PCI portfolio to stress 
scenarios to evaluate the potential impact given certain events. 
scenarios to evaluate the potential impact given certain events. 
A one-percent decrease in the expected cash flows could result 
A one-percent decrease in the expected cash flows could result 
in a $99 million impairment of the portfolio. Within our Credit Card 
in a $99 million impairment of the portfolio. Within our Credit Card 
and Other Consumer portfolio segment and U.S. small business 
and Other Consumer portfolio segment and U.S. small business 
commercial card portfolio, for each one-percent increase in the 
commercial card portfolio, for each one-percent increase in the 
loss rates on loans collectively evaluated for impairment coupled 
loss rates on loans collectively evaluated for impairment coupled 
with a one-percent decrease in the expected cash flows on those 
with a one-percent decrease in the expected cash flows on those 
loans individually evaluated for impairment, the allowance for loan 
loans individually evaluated for impairment, the allowance for loan 
and lease losses at December 31, 2017 would have increased 
and lease losses at December 31, 2017 would have increased 
$41 million.
$41 million.

Our allowance for loan and lease losses is sensitive to the risk 
Our allowance for loan and lease losses is sensitive to the risk 
ratings  assigned  to  loans  and  leases  within  the  Commercial 
ratings  assigned  to  loans  and  leases  within  the  Commercial 
portfolio segment (excluding the U.S. small business commercial 
portfolio segment (excluding the U.S. small business commercial 
card portfolio). Assuming a downgrade of one level in the internal 
card portfolio). Assuming a downgrade of one level in the internal 
risk ratings for commercial loans and leases, except loans and 
risk ratings for commercial loans and leases, except loans and 
leases  already  risk-rated  Doubtful  as  defined  by  regulatory 
leases  already  risk-rated  Doubtful  as  defined  by  regulatory 
authorities, the allowance for loan and lease losses would have 
authorities, the allowance for loan and lease losses would have 
increased $2.6 billion at December 31, 2017.
increased $2.6 billion at December 31, 2017.

The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of 
The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of 
total loans and leases at December 31, 2017 was 1.12 percent
total loans and leases at December 31, 2017 was 1.12 percent
and these hypothetical increases in the allowance would raise the 
and these hypothetical increases in the allowance would raise the 
ratio to 1.41 percent.
ratio to 1.41 percent.

These  sensitivity  analyses  do  not  represent  management’s 
These  sensitivity  analyses  do  not  represent  management’s 
expectations of the deterioration in risk ratings or the increases 
expectations of the deterioration in risk ratings or the increases 
in loss rates but are provided as hypothetical scenarios to assess 
in loss rates but are provided as hypothetical scenarios to assess 
the  sensitivity  of  the  allowance  for  loan  and  lease  losses  to 
the  sensitivity  of  the  allowance  for  loan  and  lease  losses  to 
changes  in  key  inputs.  We  believe  the  risk  ratings  and  loss 
changes  in  key  inputs.  We  believe  the  risk  ratings  and  loss 
severities currently in use are appropriate and that the probability 
severities currently in use are appropriate and that the probability 
of the alternative scenarios outlined above occurring within a short 
of the alternative scenarios outlined above occurring within a short 
period of time is remote.
period of time is remote.

The process of determining the level of the allowance for credit 
The process of determining the level of the allowance for credit 
losses  requires  a  high  degree  of  judgment.  It  is  possible  that 
losses  requires  a  high  degree  of  judgment.  It  is  possible  that 
others, given the same information, may at any point in time reach 
others, given the same information, may at any point in time reach 
different reasonable conclusions.
different reasonable conclusions.

100     Bank of America 2017
100     Bank of America 2017

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
We  are,  under  applicable  accounting  standards,  required  to 
We  are,  under  applicable  accounting  standards,  required  to 
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of 
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of 
unobservable inputs in measuring fair value. We classify fair value 
unobservable inputs in measuring fair value. We classify fair value 
measurements of financial instruments and MSRs based on the 
measurements of financial instruments and MSRs based on the 
three-level fair value hierarchy in the accounting standards. 
three-level fair value hierarchy in the accounting standards. 

fair  value  determination  and 
fair  value  determination  and 

The  fair  values  of  assets  and  liabilities  may  include 
The  fair  values  of  assets  and  liabilities  may  include 
adjustments, such as market liquidity and credit quality, where 
adjustments, such as market liquidity and credit quality, where 
appropriate.  Valuations  of  products  using  models  or  other 
appropriate.  Valuations  of  products  using  models  or  other 
techniques are sensitive to assumptions used for the significant 
techniques are sensitive to assumptions used for the significant 
inputs.  Where  market  data  is  available,  the  inputs  used  for 
inputs.  Where  market  data  is  available,  the  inputs  used  for 
valuation reflect that information as of our valuation date. Inputs 
valuation reflect that information as of our valuation date. Inputs 
to  valuation  models  are  considered  unobservable  if  they  are 
to  valuation  models  are  considered  unobservable  if  they  are 
supported by little or no market activity. In periods of extreme 
supported by little or no market activity. In periods of extreme 
volatility, lessened liquidity or in illiquid markets, there may be 
volatility, lessened liquidity or in illiquid markets, there may be 
more variability in market pricing or a lack of market data to use 
more variability in market pricing or a lack of market data to use 
in the valuation process. In keeping with the prudent application 
in the valuation process. In keeping with the prudent application 
of estimates and management judgment in determining the fair 
of estimates and management judgment in determining the fair 
value of assets and liabilities, we have in place various processes 
value of assets and liabilities, we have in place various processes 
and controls that include: a model validation policy that requires 
and controls that include: a model validation policy that requires 
review and approval of quantitative models used for deal pricing, 
review and approval of quantitative models used for deal pricing, 
financial  statement 
risk 
financial  statement 
risk 
quantification;  a  trading  product  valuation  policy  that  requires 
quantification;  a  trading  product  valuation  policy  that  requires 
verification of all traded product valuations; and a periodic review 
verification of all traded product valuations; and a periodic review 
and substantiation of daily profit and loss reporting for all traded 
and substantiation of daily profit and loss reporting for all traded 
products.  Primarily  through  validation  controls,  we  utilize  both 
products.  Primarily  through  validation  controls,  we  utilize  both 
broker and pricing service inputs which can and do include both 
broker and pricing service inputs which can and do include both 
market-observable  and 
internally-modeled  values  and/or 
market-observable  and 
internally-modeled  values  and/or 
valuation inputs. Our reliance on this information is affected by 
valuation inputs. Our reliance on this information is affected by 
our  understanding  of  how  the  broker  and/or  pricing  service 
our  understanding  of  how  the  broker  and/or  pricing  service 
develops its data with a higher degree of reliance applied to those 
develops its data with a higher degree of reliance applied to those 
that are more directly observable and lesser reliance applied to 
that are more directly observable and lesser reliance applied to 
those developed through their own internal modeling. Similarly, 
those developed through their own internal modeling. Similarly, 
broker  quotes  that  are  executable  are  given  a  higher  level  of 
broker  quotes  that  are  executable  are  given  a  higher  level  of 
reliance than indicative broker quotes, which are not executable. 
reliance than indicative broker quotes, which are not executable. 
These processes and controls are performed independently of 
These processes and controls are performed independently of 
the  business.  For  more  information,  see  Note  20  –  Fair Value 
the  business.  For  more  information,  see  Note  20  –  Fair Value 
Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated 
Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
Financial Statements. 
Level 3 Assets and Liabilities
Level 3 Assets and Liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities, and MSRs, where values are based 
Financial assets and liabilities, and MSRs, where values are based 
on  valuation  techniques  that  require  inputs  that  are  both 
on  valuation  techniques  that  require  inputs  that  are  both 
unobservable  and  are  significant  to  the  overall  fair  value 
unobservable  and  are  significant  to  the  overall  fair  value 
measurement  are  classified  as  Level  3  under  the  fair  value 
measurement  are  classified  as  Level  3  under  the  fair  value 
hierarchy established in applicable accounting standards. The fair 
hierarchy established in applicable accounting standards. The fair 
value of these Level 3 financial assets and liabilities and MSRs 
value of these Level 3 financial assets and liabilities and MSRs 
is  determined  using  pricing  models,  discounted  cash  flow 
is  determined  using  pricing  models,  discounted  cash  flow 
methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination 
methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination 
of  fair  value  requires  significant  management  judgment  or 
of  fair  value  requires  significant  management  judgment  or 
estimation. Total recurring Level 3 assets were $12.9 billion, or 
estimation. Total recurring Level 3 assets were $12.9 billion, or 
0.57 percent of total assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities 
0.57 percent of total assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities 
were $7.7 billion, or 0.38 percent of total liabilities, at December 
were $7.7 billion, or 0.38 percent of total liabilities, at December 
31, 2017 compared to $14.5 billion or 0.66 percent and $7.2 
31, 2017 compared to $14.5 billion or 0.66 percent and $7.2 
billion or 0.37 percent at December 31, 2016.
billion or 0.37 percent at December 31, 2016.

Level 3 financial instruments may be hedged with derivatives 
Level 3 financial instruments may be hedged with derivatives 
classified as Level 1 or 2; therefore, gains or losses associated 
classified as Level 1 or 2; therefore, gains or losses associated 
with Level 3 financial instruments may be offset by gains or losses 
with Level 3 financial instruments may be offset by gains or losses 
associated with financial instruments classified in other levels of 
associated with financial instruments classified in other levels of 
the fair value hierarchy. The Level 3 gains and losses recorded in 
the fair value hierarchy. The Level 3 gains and losses recorded in 
earnings  did  not  have  a  significant  impact  on  our  liquidity  or 
earnings  did  not  have  a  significant  impact  on  our  liquidity  or 
capital.  We  conduct  a  review  of  our  fair  value  hierarchy 
capital.  We  conduct  a  review  of  our  fair  value  hierarchy 
classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of Level 
classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of Level 
3 are made if the significant inputs used in the financial models 
3 are made if the significant inputs used in the financial models 

measuring the fair values of the assets and liabilities became 
measuring the fair values of the assets and liabilities became 
unobservable  or  observable,  respectively, 
in  the  current 
unobservable  or  observable,  respectively, 
in  the  current 
marketplace. These transfers are considered to be effective as 
marketplace. These transfers are considered to be effective as 
of  the  beginning  of  the  quarter  in  which  they  occur.  For  more 
of  the  beginning  of  the  quarter  in  which  they  occur.  For  more 
information on the significant transfers into and out of Level 3 
information on the significant transfers into and out of Level 3 
during 2017 and 2016, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
during 2017 and 2016, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Accrued Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets
Accrued Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets
Accrued income taxes, reported as a component of either other 
Accrued income taxes, reported as a component of either other 
assets  or  accrued  expenses  and  other  liabilities  on  the 
assets  or  accrued  expenses  and  other  liabilities  on  the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet, represent the net amount of current 
Consolidated Balance Sheet, represent the net amount of current 
income taxes we expect to pay to or receive from various taxing 
income taxes we expect to pay to or receive from various taxing 
jurisdictions attributable to our operations to date. We currently 
jurisdictions attributable to our operations to date. We currently 
file income tax returns in more than 100 federal, state and non-
file income tax returns in more than 100 federal, state and non-
U.S. jurisdictions and consider many factors, including statutory, 
U.S. jurisdictions and consider many factors, including statutory, 
judicial  and  regulatory  guidance,  in  estimating  the  appropriate 
judicial  and  regulatory  guidance,  in  estimating  the  appropriate 
accrued income taxes for each jurisdiction.
accrued income taxes for each jurisdiction.

Net deferred tax assets, reported as a component of other 
Net deferred tax assets, reported as a component of other 
assets  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet,  represent  the  net 
assets  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet,  represent  the  net 
decrease in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of 
decrease in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of 
net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards and because 
net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards and because 
of future reversals of temporary differences in the bases of assets 
of future reversals of temporary differences in the bases of assets 
and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their bases as reported 
and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their bases as reported 
in  the  financial  statements.  NOL  and  tax  credit  carryforwards 
in  the  financial  statements.  NOL  and  tax  credit  carryforwards 
result in reductions to future tax liabilities, and many of these 
result in reductions to future tax liabilities, and many of these 
attributes  can  expire  if  not  utilized  within  certain  periods.  We 
attributes  can  expire  if  not  utilized  within  certain  periods.  We 
consider the need for valuation allowances to reduce net deferred 
consider the need for valuation allowances to reduce net deferred 
tax assets to the amounts that we estimate are more-likely-than-
tax assets to the amounts that we estimate are more-likely-than-
not to be realized.
not to be realized.

Consistent  with  the  applicable  accounting  standards,  we 
Consistent  with  the  applicable  accounting  standards,  we 
monitor  relevant  tax  authorities  and  change  our  estimates  of 
monitor  relevant  tax  authorities  and  change  our  estimates  of 
accrued  income  taxes  and/or  net  deferred  tax  assets  due  to 
accrued  income  taxes  and/or  net  deferred  tax  assets  due  to 
changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts 
changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts 
and  regulatory  authorities.  These  revisions  of  our  estimates, 
and  regulatory  authorities.  These  revisions  of  our  estimates, 
which also may result from our income tax planning and from the 
which also may result from our income tax planning and from the 
resolution of income tax audit matters, may be material to our 
resolution of income tax audit matters, may be material to our 
operating results for any given period. 
operating results for any given period. 

On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax 
On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax 
Act  which  made  significant  changes  to  federal  income  tax  law 
Act  which  made  significant  changes  to  federal  income  tax  law 
including, among other things, reducing the statutory corporate 
including, among other things, reducing the statutory corporate 
income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent and changing the 
income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent and changing the 
taxation of our non-U.S. business activities. On that same date, 
taxation of our non-U.S. business activities. On that same date, 
the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, which specifies, 
the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, which specifies, 
among other things, that reasonable estimates of the income tax 
among other things, that reasonable estimates of the income tax 
effects of the Tax Act should be used, if determinable. We have 
effects of the Tax Act should be used, if determinable. We have 
accounted  for  the  effects  of  the  Tax  Act  using  reasonable 
accounted  for  the  effects  of  the  Tax  Act  using  reasonable 
estimates  based  on  currently  available  information  and  our 
estimates  based  on  currently  available  information  and  our 
interpretations  thereof. This  accounting  may  change  due  to, 
interpretations  thereof. This  accounting  may  change  due  to, 
among other things, changes in interpretations we have made and 
among other things, changes in interpretations we have made and 
the issuance of new tax or accounting guidance.
the issuance of new tax or accounting guidance.

See  Note  19  –  Income Taxes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
See  Note  19  –  Income Taxes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements for additional information. For more information, see 
Statements for additional information. For more information, see 
Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The nature of and accounting for goodwill and intangible assets 
The nature of and accounting for goodwill and intangible assets 
are  discussed  in  Note  1  –  Summary  of  Significant Accounting 
are  discussed  in  Note  1  –  Summary  of  Significant Accounting 
Principles  and  Note  8  –  Goodwill  and  Intangible Assets  to  the 
Principles  and  Note  8  –  Goodwill  and  Intangible Assets  to  the 
Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  Goodwill  is  reviewed  for 
Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  Goodwill  is  reviewed  for 
potential impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, 
potential impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, 
which for the Corporation is as of June 30, and in interim periods 
which for the Corporation is as of June 30, and in interim periods 
if  events  or  circumstances  indicate  a  potential  impairment.  A 
if  events  or  circumstances  indicate  a  potential  impairment.  A 
reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below.
reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below.

Bank of America 2017     101 
Bank of America 2017     101 

We  completed  our  annual  goodwill  impairment  test  as  of 
We  completed  our  annual  goodwill  impairment  test  as  of 
June 30, 2017 for all of our reporting units that had goodwill. In 
June 30, 2017 for all of our reporting units that had goodwill. In 
performing that test, we compared the fair value of each reporting 
performing that test, we compared the fair value of each reporting 
unit  to  its  estimated  carrying  value  as  measured  by  allocated 
unit  to  its  estimated  carrying  value  as  measured  by  allocated 
equity, which includes goodwill. To determine fair value, we utilized 
equity, which includes goodwill. To determine fair value, we utilized 
a combination of valuation techniques, consistent with the market 
a combination of valuation techniques, consistent with the market 
approach and the income approach, and also utilized independent 
approach and the income approach, and also utilized independent 
valuation specialists. 
valuation specialists. 

Under the market approach we estimated the fair value of the 
Under the market approach we estimated the fair value of the 
individual reporting units utilizing various market multiples from 
individual reporting units utilizing various market multiples from 
comparable publicly-traded companies in industries similar to the 
comparable publicly-traded companies in industries similar to the 
reporting unit, including the application of a control premium of 
reporting unit, including the application of a control premium of 
30 percent, based upon observed comparable premiums paid for 
30 percent, based upon observed comparable premiums paid for 
change-in-control transactions for financial institutions.
change-in-control transactions for financial institutions.

Under the income approach, we estimated the fair value of 
Under the income approach, we estimated the fair value of 
the individual reporting units based on the net present value of 
the individual reporting units based on the net present value of 
estimated future cash flows, utilizing internal forecasts, and an 
estimated future cash flows, utilizing internal forecasts, and an 
appropriate terminal value. Discount rates used ranged from 8.9 
appropriate terminal value. Discount rates used ranged from 8.9 
to 13.3 percent and were derived from a capital asset pricing 
to 13.3 percent and were derived from a capital asset pricing 
model (i.e., cost of equity financing) that we believe adequately 
model (i.e., cost of equity financing) that we believe adequately 
reflects  the  risk  and  uncertainty  specifically  in  our  internally-
reflects  the  risk  and  uncertainty  specifically  in  our  internally-
developed  forecasts,  the  financial  markets  generally  and 
developed  forecasts,  the  financial  markets  generally  and 
industries  similar  to  each  of  the  reporting  units.  Cumulative 
industries  similar  to  each  of  the  reporting  units.  Cumulative 
average growth rates developed by management for revenues and 
average growth rates developed by management for revenues and 
expenses in each reporting unit ranged from zero to 5.1 percent.
expenses in each reporting unit ranged from zero to 5.1 percent.
A  prolonged  decrease  in  a  particular  assumption  could 
A  prolonged  decrease  in  a  particular  assumption  could 
eventually lead to the fair value of a reporting unit being less than 
eventually lead to the fair value of a reporting unit being less than 
its carrying value.
its carrying value.

Based on the results of the test, we determined that the fair 
Based on the results of the test, we determined that the fair 
value exceeded the carrying value for all reporting units that had 
value exceeded the carrying value for all reporting units that had 
goodwill, indicating there was no impairment.
goodwill, indicating there was no impairment.
Representations and Warranties Liability
Representations and Warranties Liability
The  methodology  used  to  estimate  the  liability  for  obligations 
The  methodology  used  to  estimate  the  liability  for  obligations 
under  representations  and  warranties  related  to  transfers  of 
under  representations  and  warranties  related  to  transfers  of 
residential mortgage loans considers, among other things, the 
residential mortgage loans considers, among other things, the 
repurchase experience implied in prior settlements, and adjusts 
repurchase experience implied in prior settlements, and adjusts 
the experience implied by those prior settlements based on the 
the experience implied by those prior settlements based on the 
characteristics  of  those  trusts  where  the  Corporation  has  a 
characteristics  of  those  trusts  where  the  Corporation  has  a 
continuing possibility of timely claims. The estimate of the liability 
continuing possibility of timely claims. The estimate of the liability 
for  obligations  under  representations  and  warranties  is  based 
for  obligations  under  representations  and  warranties  is  based 
upon currently available information, significant judgment, and a 
upon currently available information, significant judgment, and a 
number of factors, including those set forth above, that are subject 
number of factors, including those set forth above, that are subject 
to change. Changes to any one of these factors could significantly 
to change. Changes to any one of these factors could significantly 
impact the estimate of our liability.
impact the estimate of our liability.

The estimate of the liability for representations and warranties 
The estimate of the liability for representations and warranties 
is sensitive to future defaults, loss severity and the net repurchase 
is sensitive to future defaults, loss severity and the net repurchase 
rate.  An  assumed  simultaneous  increase  or  decrease  of  10 
rate.  An  assumed  simultaneous  increase  or  decrease  of  10 
percent in estimated future defaults, loss severity and the net 
percent in estimated future defaults, loss severity and the net 
repurchase rate would result in an increase of approximately $250 
repurchase rate would result in an increase of approximately $250 
million  or  decrease  of  approximately  $200  million  in  the 
million  or  decrease  of  approximately  $200  million  in  the 
representations and warranties liability as of December 31, 2017. 
representations and warranties liability as of December 31, 2017. 
These sensitivities are hypothetical and are intended to provide 
These sensitivities are hypothetical and are intended to provide 
an indication of the impact of a significant change in these key 
an indication of the impact of a significant change in these key 
assumptions on the representations and warranties liability. In 
assumptions on the representations and warranties liability. In 
reality, changes in one assumption may result in changes in other 
reality, changes in one assumption may result in changes in other 
assumptions, which may or may not counteract the sensitivity.
assumptions, which may or may not counteract the sensitivity.

For  more  information  on  representations  and  warranties 
For  more  information  on  representations  and  warranties 
exposure and the corresponding estimated range of possible loss, 
exposure and the corresponding estimated range of possible loss, 
see Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
see Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
– Representations and Warranties on page 56, as well as Note 7 
– Representations and Warranties on page 56, as well as Note 7 
–  Representations  and  Warranties  Obligations  and  Corporate 
–  Representations  and  Warranties  Obligations  and  Corporate 
Guarantees and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the 
Guarantees and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Consolidated Financial Statements.

102     Bank of America 2017
102     Bank of America 2017

2016 Compared to 2015
2016 Compared to 2015
The following discussion and analysis provide a comparison of our 
The following discussion and analysis provide a comparison of our 
results of operations for 2016 and 2015. This discussion should 
results of operations for 2016 and 2015. This discussion should 
be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements 
be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements 
and related Notes. 
and related Notes. 
Overview
Overview
Net Income
Net Income
Net income was $17.8 billion, or $1.49 per diluted share in 2016
Net income was $17.8 billion, or $1.49 per diluted share in 2016
compared to $15.9 billion, or $1.31 per diluted share in 2015. 
compared to $15.9 billion, or $1.31 per diluted share in 2015. 
The results for 2016 compared to 2015 were driven by higher net 
The results for 2016 compared to 2015 were driven by higher net 
interest income and lower noninterest expense, partially offset by 
interest income and lower noninterest expense, partially offset by 
a  decline  in  noninterest  income  and  higher  provision  for  credit 
a  decline  in  noninterest  income  and  higher  provision  for  credit 
losses.
losses.
Net Interest Income
Net Interest Income
Net interest income increased $2.1 billion to $41.1 billion in 2016
Net interest income increased $2.1 billion to $41.1 billion in 2016
compared to 2015. The net interest yield increased seven bps to 
compared to 2015. The net interest yield increased seven bps to 
2.21 percent for 2016. These increases were primarily driven by 
2.21 percent for 2016. These increases were primarily driven by 
growth in commercial loans, the impact of higher short-end interest 
growth in commercial loans, the impact of higher short-end interest 
rates and increased debt securities balances, as well as a charge 
rates and increased debt securities balances, as well as a charge 
of $612 million in 2015 related to the redemption of certain trust 
of $612 million in 2015 related to the redemption of certain trust 
preferred  securities,  partially  offset  by  lower  loan  spreads  and 
preferred  securities,  partially  offset  by  lower  loan  spreads  and 
market-related hedge ineffectiveness.
market-related hedge ineffectiveness.
Noninterest Income
Noninterest Income
Noninterest income decreased $1.4 billion to $42.6 billion in 2016 
Noninterest income decreased $1.4 billion to $42.6 billion in 2016 
compared  to  2015.  The  following  highlights  the  significant 
compared  to  2015.  The  following  highlights  the  significant 
changes.
changes.

Service charges increased $257 million primarily due to higher 
Service charges increased $257 million primarily due to higher 
treasury-related revenue.
treasury-related revenue.
Investment and brokerage services income decreased $592 
Investment and brokerage services income decreased $592 
million driven by lower transactional revenue, and decreased 
million driven by lower transactional revenue, and decreased 
asset  management  fees  due  to  lower  market  valuations, 
asset  management  fees  due  to  lower  market  valuations, 
partially offset by the impact of higher long-term AUM flows.
partially offset by the impact of higher long-term AUM flows.
Investment banking income decreased $331 million driven by 
Investment banking income decreased $331 million driven by 
lower equity issuance fees and advisory fees due to a decline 
lower equity issuance fees and advisory fees due to a decline 
in market fee pools.
in market fee pools.
Trading  account  profits  increased  $429  million  due  to  a 
Trading  account  profits  increased  $429  million  due  to  a 
stronger performance across credit products led by mortgages, 
stronger performance across credit products led by mortgages, 
and continued strength in rates products, partially offset by 
and continued strength in rates products, partially offset by 
reduced client activity in equities.
reduced client activity in equities.
Mortgage  banking  income  decreased  $511  million  primarily 
Mortgage  banking  income  decreased  $511  million  primarily 
driven  by  a  decline 
income,  higher 
income,  higher 
driven  by  a  decline 
representations and warranties provision and lower servicing 
representations and warranties provision and lower servicing 
income, partially offset by more favorable MSR results, net of 
income, partially offset by more favorable MSR results, net of 
the related hedge performance.
the related hedge performance.
Gains  on  sales  of  debt  securities  decreased  $648  million 
Gains  on  sales  of  debt  securities  decreased  $648  million 
primarily driven by lower sales volume.
primarily driven by lower sales volume.

in  production 
in  production 

  Other income increased $102 million primarily due to lower 
  Other income increased $102 million primarily due to lower 
DVA  losses  on  structured  liabilities,  improved  results  from 
DVA  losses  on  structured  liabilities,  improved  results  from 
loans and the related hedging activities in the fair value option 
loans and the related hedging activities in the fair value option 
portfolio  and  lower  payment  protection  insurance  expense, 
portfolio  and  lower  payment  protection  insurance  expense, 
partially  offset  by  lower  gains  on  asset  sales.  DVA  losses 
partially  offset  by  lower  gains  on  asset  sales.  DVA  losses 
related  to  structured  liabilities  were  $97  million  in  2015 
related  to  structured  liabilities  were  $97  million  in  2015 
compared to $633 million in 2015.
compared to $633 million in 2015.

Provision for Credit Losses
Provision for Credit Losses
The  provision  for  credit  losses  increased  $436  million  to  $3.6 
The  provision  for  credit  losses  increased  $436  million  to  $3.6 
billion for 2016 compared to 2015. The provision for credit losses 
billion for 2016 compared to 2015. The provision for credit losses 
was $224 million lower than net charge-offs for 2016, resulting in 
was $224 million lower than net charge-offs for 2016, resulting in 
a reduction in the allowance for credit losses. This compared to 
a reduction in the allowance for credit losses. This compared to 
a reduction of $1.2 billion in the allowance for credit losses in 
a reduction of $1.2 billion in the allowance for credit losses in 
2015. 
2015. 

The  provision  for  credit  losses  for  the  consumer  portfolio 
The  provision  for  credit  losses  for  the  consumer  portfolio 
increased $360 million to $2.6 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 
increased $360 million to $2.6 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 
due to a slower pace of credit quality improvement. Included in 
due to a slower pace of credit quality improvement. Included in 
the provision is a benefit of $45 million related to the PCI loan 
the provision is a benefit of $45 million related to the PCI loan 
portfolio for 2016 compared to a benefit of $40 million in 2015. 
portfolio for 2016 compared to a benefit of $40 million in 2015. 
The  provision  for  credit  losses  for  the  commercial  portfolio, 
The  provision  for  credit  losses  for  the  commercial  portfolio, 
including unfunded lending commitments, increased $76 million 
including unfunded lending commitments, increased $76 million 
to $1.0 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 driven by an increase 
to $1.0 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 driven by an increase 
in energy sector reserves in the first half of 2016 for the higher 
in energy sector reserves in the first half of 2016 for the higher 
risk energy sub-sectors. While we experienced some deterioration 
risk energy sub-sectors. While we experienced some deterioration 
in the energy sector in 2016, oil prices stabilized which contributed 
in the energy sector in 2016, oil prices stabilized which contributed 
to a modest improvement in energy-related exposure by year end.
to a modest improvement in energy-related exposure by year end.
Noninterest Expense
Noninterest Expense
Noninterest expense decreased $2.5 billion to $55.1 billion for 
Noninterest expense decreased $2.5 billion to $55.1 billion for 
2016  compared  to  2015.  Personnel  expense  decreased  $1.0 
2016  compared  to  2015.  Personnel  expense  decreased  $1.0 
billion as we continued to manage headcount and achieve cost 
billion as we continued to manage headcount and achieve cost 
savings.  Continued  expense  management,  as  well  as  the 
savings.  Continued  expense  management,  as  well  as  the 
expiration  of  advisor  retention  awards,  more  than  offset  the 
expiration  of  advisor  retention  awards,  more  than  offset  the 
increases  in  client-facing  professionals.  Professional  fees 
increases  in  client-facing  professionals.  Professional  fees 
decreased $293 million primarily due to lower legal fees. Other 
decreased $293 million primarily due to lower legal fees. Other 
general operating expense decreased $655 million primarily driven 
general operating expense decreased $655 million primarily driven 
by lower foreclosed properties expense and lower brokerage fees, 
by lower foreclosed properties expense and lower brokerage fees, 
partially offset by higher FDIC expense. 
partially offset by higher FDIC expense. 
Income Tax Expense
Income Tax Expense
The  income  tax  expense  was  $7.2  billion  on  pretax  income  of 
The  income  tax  expense  was  $7.2  billion  on  pretax  income  of 
$25.0 billion in 2016 compared to tax expense of $6.3 billion on 
$25.0 billion in 2016 compared to tax expense of $6.3 billion on 
pre-tax income of $22.2 billion in 2015. The effective tax rate for 
pre-tax income of $22.2 billion in 2015. The effective tax rate for 
2016  was  28.8  percent  and  was  driven  by  our  recurring  tax 
2016  was  28.8  percent  and  was  driven  by  our  recurring  tax 
preferences  and  net  tax  benefits  related  to  various  tax  audit 
preferences  and  net  tax  benefits  related  to  various  tax  audit 
matters, partially offset by a $348 million charge for the impact 
matters, partially offset by a $348 million charge for the impact 
of the U.K. tax law changes discussed below. The effective tax 
of the U.K. tax law changes discussed below. The effective tax 
rate for 2015 was 28.3 percent and was driven by our recurring 
rate for 2015 was 28.3 percent and was driven by our recurring 
tax preferences and by tax benefits related to certain non-U.S. 
tax preferences and by tax benefits related to certain non-U.S. 
restructurings, partially offset by a charge for the impact of the 
restructurings, partially offset by a charge for the impact of the 
U.K. tax law change enacted in 2015. The charge recorded in both 
U.K. tax law change enacted in 2015. The charge recorded in both 
years for the reduction in the U.K. corporate income tax rate was 
years for the reduction in the U.K. corporate income tax rate was 
the result of remeasuring our U.K. net deferred tax assets using 
the result of remeasuring our U.K. net deferred tax assets using 
the lower tax rate.
the lower tax rate.
Business Segment Operations
Business Segment Operations
Consumer Banking
Consumer Banking
Net income for Consumer Banking increased $523 million to $7.2 
Net income for Consumer Banking increased $523 million to $7.2 
billion  in  2016  compared  to  2015  primarily  driven  by  lower 
billion  in  2016  compared  to  2015  primarily  driven  by  lower 
noninterest expense and higher revenue, partially offset by higher 
noninterest expense and higher revenue, partially offset by higher 
provision for credit losses. Net interest income increased $862 
provision for credit losses. Net interest income increased $862 
million to $21.3 billion primarily due to the beneficial impact of an 
million to $21.3 billion primarily due to the beneficial impact of an 
increase  in  investable  assets  as  a  result  of  higher  deposits. 
increase  in  investable  assets  as  a  result  of  higher  deposits. 
Noninterest income decreased $650 million to $10.4 billion due 
Noninterest income decreased $650 million to $10.4 billion due 
to lower mortgage banking income and gains in 2015 on certain 
to lower mortgage banking income and gains in 2015 on certain 
divestitures. The provision for credit losses increased $369 million 
divestitures. The provision for credit losses increased $369 million 
to  $2.7  billion  in  2016  primarily  driven  by  a  slower  pace  of 
to  $2.7  billion  in  2016  primarily  driven  by  a  slower  pace  of 
improvement  in  the  credit  card  portfolio.  Noninterest  expense 
improvement  in  the  credit  card  portfolio.  Noninterest  expense 
decreased  $1.1  billion  to  $17.7  billion  driven  by  improved 
decreased  $1.1  billion  to  $17.7  billion  driven  by  improved 
operating  efficiencies  and  lower  fraud  costs,  partially  offset  by 
operating  efficiencies  and  lower  fraud  costs,  partially  offset  by 
higher FDIC expense.
higher FDIC expense.
Global Wealth & Investment Management
Global Wealth & Investment Management
Net income for GWIM increased $205 million to $2.8 billion in 
Net income for GWIM increased $205 million to $2.8 billion in 
2016  compared  to  2015  driven  by  a  decrease  in  noninterest 
2016  compared  to  2015  driven  by  a  decrease  in  noninterest 
expense, partially offset by a decrease in revenue. Net interest 
expense, partially offset by a decrease in revenue. Net interest 
income increased $232 million to $5.8 billion driven by the impact 
income increased $232 million to $5.8 billion driven by the impact 

of growth in loan and deposit balances. Noninterest income, which 
of growth in loan and deposit balances. Noninterest income, which 
primarily  includes  investment  and  brokerage  services  income, 
primarily  includes  investment  and  brokerage  services  income, 
decreased $616 million to $11.9 billion. The decline in noninterest 
decreased $616 million to $11.9 billion. The decline in noninterest 
income was driven by lower transactional revenue and decreased 
income was driven by lower transactional revenue and decreased 
asset management fees primarily due to lower market valuations 
asset management fees primarily due to lower market valuations 
in 2016, partially offset by the impact of long-term AUM flows. 
in 2016, partially offset by the impact of long-term AUM flows. 
Noninterest  expense  decreased  $763  million  to  $13.2  billion
Noninterest  expense  decreased  $763  million  to  $13.2  billion
primarily due to the expiration of advisor retention awards, lower 
primarily due to the expiration of advisor retention awards, lower 
revenue-related incentives and lower operating and support costs, 
revenue-related incentives and lower operating and support costs, 
partially offset by higher FDIC expense. 
partially offset by higher FDIC expense. 
Global Banking
Global Banking
Net income for Global Banking increased $390 million to $5.7 
Net income for Global Banking increased $390 million to $5.7 
billion in 2016 compared to 2015 as higher revenue more than 
billion in 2016 compared to 2015 as higher revenue more than 
offset  an  increase  in  the  provision  for  credit  losses.  Revenue 
offset  an  increase  in  the  provision  for  credit  losses.  Revenue 
increased $824 million to $18.4 billion in 2016 compared to 2015
increased $824 million to $18.4 billion in 2016 compared to 2015
driven by higher net interest income, which increased $227 million
driven by higher net interest income, which increased $227 million
to $9.5 billion driven by the impact of growth in loans and leases 
to $9.5 billion driven by the impact of growth in loans and leases 
and higher deposits. Noninterest income increased $597 million
and higher deposits. Noninterest income increased $597 million
to  $9.0  billion  primarily  due  to  the  impact  from  loans  and  the 
to  $9.0  billion  primarily  due  to  the  impact  from  loans  and  the 
related loan hedging activities in the fair value option portfolio and 
related loan hedging activities in the fair value option portfolio and 
higher  treasury-related  revenues,  partially  offset  by  lower 
higher  treasury-related  revenues,  partially  offset  by  lower 
investment banking fees. The provision for credit losses increased 
investment banking fees. The provision for credit losses increased 
$197 million to $883 million in 2016 driven by increases in energy-
$197 million to $883 million in 2016 driven by increases in energy-
related reserves as well as loan growth. Noninterest expense of 
related reserves as well as loan growth. Noninterest expense of 
$8.5 billion remained relatively unchanged in 2016 as investments 
$8.5 billion remained relatively unchanged in 2016 as investments 
in  client-facing  professionals  in  Commercial  and  Business 
in  client-facing  professionals  in  Commercial  and  Business 
Banking, higher severance costs and an increase in FDIC expense 
Banking, higher severance costs and an increase in FDIC expense 
were largely offset by lower operating and support costs.
were largely offset by lower operating and support costs.
Global Markets
Global Markets
Net income for Global Markets increased $1.4 billion to $3.8 billion 
Net income for Global Markets increased $1.4 billion to $3.8 billion 
in 2016 compared to 2015. Net DVA losses were $238 million
in 2016 compared to 2015. Net DVA losses were $238 million
compared to losses of $786 million in 2015. Excluding net DVA, 
compared to losses of $786 million in 2015. Excluding net DVA, 
net income increased $1.1 billion to $4.0 billion in 2016 compared 
net income increased $1.1 billion to $4.0 billion in 2016 compared 
to 2015 primarily driven by higher sales and trading revenue and 
to 2015 primarily driven by higher sales and trading revenue and 
lower  noninterest  expense,  partially  offset  by  lower  investment 
lower  noninterest  expense,  partially  offset  by  lower  investment 
banking  fees  and  investment  and  brokerage  services  revenue. 
banking  fees  and  investment  and  brokerage  services  revenue. 
Sales  and  trading  revenue,  excluding  net  DVA,  increased  $638 
Sales  and  trading  revenue,  excluding  net  DVA,  increased  $638 
million  primarily  due  to  a  stronger  performance  globally  across 
million  primarily  due  to  a  stronger  performance  globally  across 
credit products led by mortgages and continued strength in rates 
credit products led by mortgages and continued strength in rates 
products. The increase was partially offset by challenging credit 
products. The increase was partially offset by challenging credit 
market conditions in early 2016 as well as reduced client activity 
market conditions in early 2016 as well as reduced client activity 
in  equities,  most  notably  in  Asia,  and  a  less  favorable  trading 
in  equities,  most  notably  in  Asia,  and  a  less  favorable  trading 
environment 
for  equity  derivatives.  Noninterest  expense 
environment 
for  equity  derivatives.  Noninterest  expense 
decreased  $1.2  billion  to  $10.2  billion  primarily  due  to  lower 
decreased  $1.2  billion  to  $10.2  billion  primarily  due  to  lower 
litigation expense and lower revenue-related expenses. 
litigation expense and lower revenue-related expenses. 
All Other
All Other
The net loss for All Other increased $601 million to $1.7 billion
The net loss for All Other increased $601 million to $1.7 billion
in 2016 primarily due to lower gains on the sale of debt securities, 
in 2016 primarily due to lower gains on the sale of debt securities, 
lower mortgage banking income, lower gains on sales of consumer 
lower mortgage banking income, lower gains on sales of consumer 
real estate loans and an increase in noninterest expense, partially 
real estate loans and an increase in noninterest expense, partially 
offset  by  an  improvement  in  the  provision  for  credit  losses. 
offset  by  an  improvement  in  the  provision  for  credit  losses. 
Mortgage banking income decreased $133 million primarily due 
Mortgage banking income decreased $133 million primarily due 
to higher representations and warranties provision, partially offset 
to higher representations and warranties provision, partially offset 
by more favorable net MSR results. Gains on the sales of loans 
by more favorable net MSR results. Gains on the sales of loans 
were $232 million in 2016 compared to gains of $1.0 billion in 
were $232 million in 2016 compared to gains of $1.0 billion in 
2015. The benefit in the provision for credit losses improved $79 
2015. The benefit in the provision for credit losses improved $79 
million to a benefit of $100 million in 2016 primarily driven by 
million to a benefit of $100 million in 2016 primarily driven by 
lower loan and lease balances from continued run-off of non-core 
lower loan and lease balances from continued run-off of non-core 
consumer real estate loans. Noninterest expense increased $486 
consumer real estate loans. Noninterest expense increased $486 
million to $5.6 billion driven by litigation expense. 
million to $5.6 billion driven by litigation expense. 

Bank of America 2017     103 
Bank of America 2017     103 

Non-GAAP Reconciliations
Tables 54 and 55 provide reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures.

Table 54 Five-year Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures (1)

(Dollars in millions, shares in thousands)
Reconciliation of net interest income to net interest income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Net interest income
Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment

Net interest income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Reconciliation of total revenue, net of interest expense to total revenue, net of interest expense

on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Total revenue, net of interest expense
Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment

Total revenue, net of interest expense on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Reconciliation of income tax expense to income tax expense on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Income tax expense
Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment

Income tax expense on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Reconciliation of average common shareholders’ equity to average tangible common

shareholders’ equity

Common shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities

Tangible common shareholders’ equity

Reconciliation of average shareholders’ equity to average tangible shareholders’ equity

Shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities
Tangible shareholders’ equity

Reconciliation of year-end common shareholders’ equity to year-end tangible common

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

 
44,667
925
45,592

 
87,352
925
88,277
 
10,981
925
11,906

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
41,096
900
41,996

 
83,701
900
84,601
 
7,199
900
8,099

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
38,958
889
39,847

 
82,965
889
83,854
 
6,277
889
7,166

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
40,779
851
41,630

 
85,894
851
86,745
 
2,443
851
3,294

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
40,719
859
41,578

 
87,502
859
88,361
 
4,194
859
5,053

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
$ 247,101
(69,286)
(2,652)
1,463
$ 176,626
 
$ 271,289
(69,286)
(2,652)
1,463
$ 200,814

 
$ 241,187
(69,750)
(3,382)
1,644
$ 169,699
 
$ 265,843
(69,750)
(3,382)
1,644
$ 194,355

 
$ 229,576
(69,772)
(4,201)
1,852
$ 157,455
 
$ 251,384
(69,772)
(4,201)
1,852
$ 179,263

 
$ 222,907
(69,809)
(5,109)
2,090
$ 150,079
 
$ 238,317
(69,809)
(5,109)
2,090
$ 165,489

 
$ 218,340
(69,910)
(6,132)
2,328
$ 144,626
 
$ 233,819
(69,910)
(6,132)
2,328
$ 160,105

shareholders’ equity

Tangible common shareholders’ equity

Reconciliation of year-end shareholders’ equity to year-end tangible shareholders’ equity

Common shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities

Shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities
Tangible shareholders’ equity

 
$ 219,124
(69,844)
(5,574)
2,166
$ 145,872
 
$ 232,475
(69,844)
(5,574)
2,166
$ 159,223
 
$2,102,064
(69,844)
(5,574)
2,166
$2,028,812
(1)  Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides additional clarity in assessing the results 
of the Corporation. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the 
Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 43.

 
$ 224,167
(69,777)
(4,612)
1,960
$ 151,738
 
$ 243,476
(69,777)
(4,612)
1,960
$ 171,047
 
$2,104,539
(69,777)
(4,612)
1,960
$2,032,110

 
$ 233,343
(69,761)
(3,768)
1,716
$ 161,530
 
$ 255,615
(69,761)
(3,768)
1,716
$ 183,802
 
$2,144,606
(69,761)
(3,768)
1,716
$2,072,793

 
$ 240,975
(69,744)
(2,989)
1,545
$ 169,787
 
$ 266,195
(69,744)
(2,989)
1,545
$ 195,007
 
$2,188,067
(69,744)
(2,989)
1,545
$2,116,879

 
$ 244,823
(68,951)
(2,312)
943
$ 174,503
 
$ 267,146
(68,951)
(2,312)
943
$ 196,826
 
$2,281,234
(68,951)
(2,312)
943
$2,210,914

Assets
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities

Reconciliation of year-end assets to year-end tangible assets

Tangible assets

104     Bank of America 2017

Table 55 Quarterly Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Reconciliation of net interest income to net interest income on a fully

taxable-equivalent basis
Net interest income
Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment

Net interest income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Reconciliation of total revenue, net of interest expense to total

revenue, net of interest expense on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Total revenue, net of interest expense
Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment

Total revenue, net of interest expense on a fully taxable-

equivalent basis

Reconciliation of income tax expense to income tax expense on a fully

taxable-equivalent basis
Income tax expense
Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment

Income tax expense on a fully taxable-equivalent basis

Reconciliation of average common shareholders’ equity to average

tangible common shareholders’ equity

Common shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities

Tangible common shareholders’ equity

Reconciliation of average shareholders’ equity to average tangible

shareholders’ equity

Shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities
Tangible shareholders’ equity

Reconciliation of period-end common shareholders’ equity to period-

end tangible common shareholders’ equity

Common shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities

Tangible common shareholders’ equity

Reconciliation of period-end shareholders’ equity to period-end

tangible shareholders’ equity

Shareholders’ equity
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities
Tangible shareholders’ equity

Reconciliation of period-end assets to period-end tangible assets

Assets
Goodwill
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)
Related deferred tax liabilities

Tangible assets

2017 Quarters

2016 Quarters

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Fourth

Third

Second

First

 
11,462
251
11,713

 
20,436
251

$

$

$

 
11,161
240
11,401

 
21,839
240

$

$

$

 
10,986
237
11,223

 
22,829
237

$

$

$

 
11,058
197
11,255

 
22,248
197

$

$

$

 
10,292
234
10,526

 
19,990
234

$

$

$

 
10,201
228
10,429

 
21,635
228

$

$

$

 
10,118
223
10,341

 
21,286
223

$

$

$

 
10,485
215
10,700

 
20,790
215

20,687

$

22,079

$

23,066

$

22,445

$

20,224

$

21,863

$

21,509

$

21,005

 
3,796
251
4,047

$

$

 
2,187
240
2,427

$

$

 
3,015
237
3,252

$

$

 
1,983
197
2,180

$

$

 
1,268
234
1,502

$

$

 
2,257
228
2,485

$

$

 
1,943
223
2,166

$

$

 
1,731
215
1,946

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
$ 250,838
(68,954)
(2,399)
1,344
$ 180,829

 
$ 273,162
(68,954)
(2,399)
1,344
$ 203,153

 
$ 244,823
(68,951)
(2,312)
943
$ 174,503

 
$ 267,146
(68,951)
(2,312)
943
$ 196,826
 
$ 2,281,234
(68,951)
(2,312)
943
$ 2,210,914

 
$ 249,214
(68,969)
(2,549)
1,465
$ 179,161

 
$ 273,238
(68,969)
(2,549)
1,465
$ 203,185

 
$ 249,646
(68,968)
(2,459)
1,435
$ 179,654

 
$ 271,969
(68,968)
(2,459)
1,435
$ 201,977
 
$ 2,284,174
(68,968)
(2,459)
1,435
$ 2,214,182

 
$ 245,756
(69,489)
(2,743)
1,506
$ 175,030

 
$ 270,977
(69,489)
(2,743)
1,506
$ 200,251

 
$ 245,440
(68,969)
(2,610)
1,471
$ 175,332

 
$ 270,660
(68,969)
(2,610)
1,471
$ 200,552
 
$ 2,254,714
(68,969)
(2,610)
1,471
$ 2,184,606

 
$ 242,480
(69,744)
(2,923)
1,539
$ 171,352

 
$ 267,700
(69,744)
(2,923)
1,539
$ 196,572

 
$ 242,770
(69,744)
(2,827)
1,513
$ 171,712

 
$ 267,990
(69,744)
(2,827)
1,513
$ 196,932
 
$ 2,247,794
(69,744)
(2,827)
1,513
$ 2,176,736

 
$ 244,519
(69,745)
(3,091)
1,580
$ 173,263

 
$ 269,739
(69,745)
(3,091)
1,580
$ 198,483

 
$ 240,975
(69,744)
(2,989)
1,545
$ 169,787

 
$ 266,195
(69,744)
(2,989)
1,545
$ 195,007
 
$ 2,188,067
(69,744)
(2,989)
1,545
$ 2,116,879

 
$ 243,220
(69,744)
(3,276)
1,628
$ 171,828

 
$ 268,440
(69,744)
(3,276)
1,628
$ 197,048

 
$ 244,379
(69,744)
(3,168)
1,588
$ 173,055

 
$ 269,600
(69,744)
(3,168)
1,588
$ 198,276
 
$ 2,195,588
(69,744)
(3,168)
1,588
$ 2,124,264

 
$ 240,078
(69,751)
(3,480)
1,662
$ 168,509

 
$ 265,056
(69,751)
(3,480)
1,662
$ 193,487

 
$ 241,884
(69,744)
(3,352)
1,637
$ 170,425

 
$ 267,104
(69,744)
(3,352)
1,637
$ 195,645
 
$ 2,187,149
(69,744)
(3,352)
1,637
$ 2,115,690

 
$ 236,871
(69,761)
(3,687)
1,707
$ 165,130

 
$ 260,065
(69,761)
(3,687)
1,707
$ 188,324

 
$ 238,501
(69,761)
(3,578)
1,667
$ 166,829

 
$ 262,843
(69,761)
(3,578)
1,667
$ 191,171
 
$ 2,185,818
(69,761)
(3,578)
1,667
$ 2,114,146

(1)  Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. We believe the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provides additional clarity in assessing the results 
of the Corporation. Other companies may define or calculate these measures differently. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the 
Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 43.

Bank of America 2017     105 

Statistical Tables
Statistical Tables
Table of Contents
Table of Contents

Table I – Outstanding Loans and Leases
Table I – Outstanding Loans and Leases
Table II – Nonperforming Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties
Table II – Nonperforming Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties
Table III – Accruing Loans and Leases Past Due 90 Days or More
Table III – Accruing Loans and Leases Past Due 90 Days or More
Table IV – Allowance for Credit Losses
Table IV – Allowance for Credit Losses
Table V – Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses by Product Type
Table V – Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses by Product Type
Table VI – Selected Loan Maturity Data
Table VI – Selected Loan Maturity Data

Page
Page
107
107
108
108
109
109
110
110
112
112
112
112

106     Bank of America 2017
106     Bank of America 2017

Table I  Outstanding Loans and Leases

(Dollars in millions)
Consumer

Residential mortgage (1) 
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer (2)
Other consumer (3)

Total consumer loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option

Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option (4)

Total consumer

Commercial

 

$

2017

2016

December 31

2015

2014

2013

$

 
203,811
57,744
96,285
—
93,830
2,678
454,348
928
455,276

$

 
191,797
66,443
92,278
9,214
94,089
2,499
456,320
1,051
457,371

$

 
187,911
75,948
89,602
9,975
88,795
2,067
454,298
1,871
456,169

$

 
216,197
85,725
91,879
10,465
80,381
1,846
486,493
2,077
488,570

 
248,066
93,672
92,338
11,541
82,192
1,977
529,786
2,164
531,950

Less: Loans of business held for sale (7)

Total commercial

Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option (4)

Total commercial loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option

U.S. commercial (5)
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate (6)
Commercial lease financing

225,851
89,462
47,893
25,199
388,405
7,878
396,283
—
928,233
Includes pay option loans of $1.4 billion, $1.8 billion, $2.3 billion, $3.2 billion and $4.4 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Corporation no longer originates 
pay option loans.
Includes auto and specialty lending loans of $49.9 billion, $48.9 billion, $42.6 billion, $37.7 billion and $38.5 billion, unsecured consumer lending loans of $469 million, $585 million, $886 million, 
$1.5 billion and $2.7 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $39.8 billion, $40.1 billion, $39.8 billion, $35.8 billion and $31.2 billion, non-U.S. consumer loans of $3.0 billion, $3.0 billion, 
$3.9 billion, $4.0 billion and $4.7 billion, student loans of $0, $497 million, $564 million, $632 million and $4.1 billion, and other consumer loans of $684 million, $1.1 billion, $1.0 billion, $761 
million and $1.0 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Includes consumer finance loans of $0, $465 million, $564 million, $676 million and $1.2 billion, consumer leases of $2.5 billion, $1.9 billion, $1.4 billion, $1.0 billion and $606 million, and 
consumer overdrafts of $163 million, $157 million, $146 million, $162 million and $176 million at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

283,365
89,397
57,355
22,375
452,492
6,034
458,526
(9,214)
906,683

233,586
80,083
47,682
19,579
380,930
6,604
387,534
—
876,104

265,647
91,549
57,199
21,352
435,747
5,067
440,814
—
896,983

298,485
97,792
58,298
22,116
476,691
4,782
481,473
—
936,749

Total loans and leases

$

$

$

$

$

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4)  Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $567 million, $710 million, $1.6 billion, $1.9 billion and $2.0 billion, and home equity loans of $361 
million, $341 million, $250 million, $196 million and $147 million at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option 
includes U.S. commercial loans of $2.6 billion, $2.9 billion, $2.3 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.5 billion, and non-U.S. commercial loans of $2.2 billion, $3.1 billion, $2.8 billion, $4.7 billion and $6.4 
billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
Includes U.S. small business commercial loans, including card-related products, of $13.6 billion, $13.0 billion, $12.9 billion, $13.3 billion and $13.3 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 
2014 and 2013, respectively.
Includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $54.8 billion, $54.3 billion, $53.6 billion, $45.2 billion and $46.3 billion, and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $3.5 billion, $3.1 billion, $3.5 
billion, $2.5 billion and $1.6 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

(5) 

(6) 

(7)  Represents non-U.S. credit card loans, which were included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Bank of America 2017     107 

Table II  Nonperforming Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties (1)

2016

December 31

2015

2014

2013

Table II  Nonperforming Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties (1)
2017
(Dollars in millions)
Consumer

 

 

 

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

2017

2013

2014

2015

2016

Commercial

Commercial

Total consumer (2)

Total consumer (2)

(Dollars in millions)
Consumer

Residential mortgage
Home equity
Direct/Indirect consumer
Residential mortgage
Other consumer
Home equity
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer
U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
U.S. commercial
Commercial lease financing
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
U.S. small business commercial
Commercial lease financing

 
11,712
4,075
 
35
11,712
18
4,075
15,840
35
 
18
819
15,840
64
 
322
819
16
64
1,221
322
88
16
1,309
1,221
17,149
88
623
1,309
17,772
17,149
(1)  Balances do not include PCI loans even though the customer may be contractually past due. PCI loans are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and accrete interest income over the remaining life 
623
of the loan. In addition, balances do not include foreclosed properties insured by certain government-guaranteed loans, principally FHA-insured loans, that entered foreclosure of $801 million, $1.2 
17,772
billion, $1.4 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
In 2017, $867 million in interest income was estimated to be contractually due on $5.2 billion of consumer loans and leases classified as nonperforming at December 31, 2017, as presented in 
(2) 
(1)  Balances do not include PCI loans even though the customer may be contractually past due. PCI loans are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and accrete interest income over the remaining life 
the table above, plus $10.1 billion of TDRs classified as performing at December 31, 2017. Approximately $578 million of the estimated $867 million in contractual interest was received and 
of the loan. In addition, balances do not include foreclosed properties insured by certain government-guaranteed loans, principally FHA-insured loans, that entered foreclosure of $801 million, $1.2 
included in interest income for 2017. 
billion, $1.4 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
In 2017, $90 million in interest income was estimated to be contractually due on $1.3 billion of commercial loans and leases classified as nonperforming at December 31, 2017, as presented in 
In 2017, $867 million in interest income was estimated to be contractually due on $5.2 billion of consumer loans and leases classified as nonperforming at December 31, 2017, as presented in 
the table above, plus $1.1 billion of TDRs classified as performing at December 31, 2017. Approximately $58 million of the estimated $90 million in contractual interest was received and included 
the table above, plus $10.1 billion of TDRs classified as performing at December 31, 2017. Approximately $578 million of the estimated $867 million in contractual interest was received and 
in interest income for 2017.
included in interest income for 2017. 
In 2017, $90 million in interest income was estimated to be contractually due on $1.3 billion of commercial loans and leases classified as nonperforming at December 31, 2017, as presented in 
the table above, plus $1.1 billion of TDRs classified as performing at December 31, 2017. Approximately $58 million of the estimated $90 million in contractual interest was received and included 
in interest income for 2017.

 
December 31
$
4,803
3,337
 
24
4,803
1
3,337
8,165
24
 
1
867
8,165
158
 
93
867
12
158
1,130
93
82
12
1,212
1,130
9,377
82
459
1,212
9,836
9,377
459
9,836

 
6,889
3,901
 
28
6,889
1
3,901
10,819
28
 
1
701
10,819
1
 
321
701
3
1
1,026
321
87
3
1,113
1,026
11,932
87
697
1,113
12,629
11,932
697
12,629

Foreclosed properties
Total commercial (3)
Total nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties
Total nonperforming loans and leases

 
3,056
2,918
 
28
3,056
2
2,918
6,004
28
 
2
1,256
6,004
279
 
72
1,256
36
279
1,643
72
60
36
1,703
1,643
7,707
60
377
1,703
8,084
7,707
377
8,084

 
2,476
2,644
 
46
2,476
—
2,644
5,166
46
 
—
814
5,166
299
 
112
814
24
299
1,249
112
55
24
1,304
1,249
6,470
55
288
1,304
6,758
6,470
288
6,758

Total commercial (3)
Total nonperforming loans and leases

Total nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties

U.S. small business commercial

Foreclosed properties

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

(3) 
(2) 

(3) 

 

108     Bank of America 2017

108     Bank of America 2017

Table III  Accruing Loans and Leases Past Due 90 Days or More (1)

2016

December 31

2015

2014

2013

Table III  Accruing Loans and Leases Past Due 90 Days or More (1)
2017
(Dollars in millions)
Consumer

 

 

$

$

$

$

$

$

2017

2014

2015

2016

Commercial

Residential mortgage (2)
(Dollars in millions)
U.S. credit card
Consumer
Non-U.S. credit card
Residential mortgage (2)
Direct/Indirect consumer
U.S. credit card
Other consumer
Non-U.S. credit card
Total consumer
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer
U.S. commercial 
Total consumer
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
U.S. commercial 
Commercial lease financing
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
U.S. small business commercial
Commercial lease financing

 
16,961
1,053
 
131
16,961
408
1,053
2
131
18,555
408
2
47
18,555
17
21
47
41
17
126
21
78
41
204
126
18,759
78
(1)  Our policy is to classify consumer real estate-secured loans as nonperforming at 90 days past due, except the PCI loan portfolio, the fully-insured loan portfolio and loans accounted for under the 
204
18,759
(2)  Balances are fully-insured loans.
(3)  Balances exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. At December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, $2 million, $1 million, $1 million, $5 million and $8 million of loans accounted 
(1)  Our policy is to classify consumer real estate-secured loans as nonperforming at 90 days past due, except the PCI loan portfolio, the fully-insured loan portfolio and loans accounted for under the 

 
December 31
$
7,150
789
 
76
7,150
39
789
3
76
8,057
39
 
3
113
8,057
1
 
3
113
15
1
132
3
61
15
193
132
8,250
61
193
8,250

 
11,407
866
 
95
11,407
64
866
1
95
12,433
64
 
1
110
12,433
—
 
3
110
40
—
153
3
67
40
220
153
12,653
67
220
12,653

 
4,793
782
 
66
4,793
34
782
4
66
5,679
34
 
4
106
5,679
5
 
7
106
19
5
137
7
71
19
208
137
5,887
71
208
5,887

 
3,230
900
 
—
3,230
40
900
—
—
4,170
40
 
—
144
4,170
3
 
4
144
19
3
170
4
75
19
245
170
4,415
75
245
4,415

Total commercial
Total accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more (3)

Total commercial
Total accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more (3)

fair value option as referenced in footnote 3.

U.S. small business commercial

Commercial

2013

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

 

 

for under the fair value option were past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest.
fair value option as referenced in footnote 3.

(2)  Balances are fully-insured loans.
(3)  Balances exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. At December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, $2 million, $1 million, $1 million, $5 million and $8 million of loans accounted 

for under the fair value option were past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest.

Bank of America 2017     109 

Bank of America 2017     109 

Table IV  Allowance for Credit Losses

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

(Dollars in millions)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1
Loans and leases charged off

$

$

$

$

$

11,237

12,234

Total consumer charge-offs

Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off

Total commercial charge-offs
Total loans and leases charged off

(188)
(582)
(2,968)
(103)
(487)
(216)
(4,544)
(589)
(446)
(24)
(16)
(1,075)
(5,619)

(403)
(752)
(2,691)
(238)
(392)
(232)
(4,708)
(567)
(133)
(10)
(30)
(740)
(5,448)

U.S. commercial (2)
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card (1)
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer

24,179
 
(1,508)
(2,258)
(4,004)
(508)
(710)
(273)
(9,261)
(774)
(79)
(251)
(4)
(1,108)
(10,369)
 
424
455
628
109
365
39
2,020
287
34
102
29
452
2,472
(7,897)
(2,336)
3,574
(92)
17,428
—
17,428
513
(18)
(11)
484
17,912
(1)  Represents net charge-offs related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. In 

14,419
 
(866)
(975)
(2,738)
(275)
(383)
(224)
(5,461)
(536)
(59)
(30)
(19)
(644)
(6,105)
 
393
339
424
87
271
31
1,545
172
5
35
10
222
1,767
(4,338)
(808)
3,043
(82)
12,234
—
12,234
528
118
—
646
12,880

17,428
 
(855)
(1,364)
(3,068)
(357)
(456)
(268)
(6,368)
(584)
(35)
(29)
(10)
(658)
(7,026)
 
969
457
430
115
287
39
2,297
214
1
112
19
346
2,643
(4,383)
(810)
2,231
(47)
14,419
—
14,419
484
44
—
528
14,947

Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1
Provision for unfunded lending commitments
Other (4)

272
347
422
63
258
27
1,389
175
13
41
9
238
1,627
(3,821)
(340)
3,581
(174)
11,480
(243)
11,237
646
16
100
762
11,999

288
369
455
28
276
50
1,466
142
6
15
11
174
1,640
(3,979)
(207)
3,381
(39)
10,393
—
10,393
762
15
—
777
11,170

Total commercial recoveries
Total recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off
Net charge-offs

U.S. commercial (3)
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing

Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31
Allowance for credit losses, December 31

Write-offs of PCI loans
Provision for loan and lease losses
Other (4)

Less: Allowance included in assets of business held for sale (5)

Total allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31

Total consumer recoveries

$

$

$

$

$

(2) 

2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.
Includes U.S. small business commercial charge-offs of $258 million, $253 million, $282 million, $345 million and $457 million in 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Includes U.S. small business commercial recoveries of $43 million, $45 million, $57 million, $63 million and $98 million in 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

(3) 
(4)  Primarily represents the net impact of portfolio sales, consolidations and deconsolidations, foreign currency translation adjustments, transfers to held-for-sale and certain other reclassifications.
(5)  Represents allowance related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was sold in 2017.

110     Bank of America 2017

Table IV  Allowance for Credit Losses (continued)

(Dollars in millions)
Loan and allowance ratios (6):

Loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (7)
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases 

outstanding at December 31 (7)

Consumer allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total consumer loans 

and leases outstanding at December 31 (8)

Commercial allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total commercial 

loans and leases outstanding at December 31 (9)

Average loans and leases outstanding (7)
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding (7, 10)
Net charge-offs and PCI write-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases 

outstanding (7)

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and 

leases at December 31 (7, 11)

Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs (10)
Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs and

PCI write-offs

Amounts included in allowance for loan and lease losses for loans and leases that are 

excluded from nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 (12)

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and 

leases, excluding the allowance for loan and lease losses for loans and leases that are 
excluded from nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 (7, 12)

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

$ 931,039

$ 908,812

$ 890,045

$ 867,422

$ 918,191

1.12%

1.26%

1.37%

1.66%

1.90%

1.18

1.36

1.63

2.05

2.53

1.05
$ 911,988

1.16
$ 892,255

1.11
$ 869,065

1.16
$ 888,804

1.03
$ 909,127

0.44%

0.43%

0.50%

0.49%

0.87%

0.46

161
2.61

2.48

0.47

149
3.00

2.76

0.59

130
2.82

2.38

0.58

121
3.29

2.78

1.13

102
2.21

1.70

$

3,971

$

3,951

$

4,518

$

5,944

$

7,680

99%

98%

82%

71%

57%
 

Loan and allowance ratios excluding PCI loans and the related valuation allowance (6, 13):

 

 

 

Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases 

outstanding at December 31 (7)

Consumer allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total consumer loans 

and leases outstanding at December 31 (8)

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding (7)
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and 

leases at December 31 (7, 11)

Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs

1.10%

1.24%

1.31%

1.51%

1.67%

1.15
0.44

156
2.54

1.31
0.44

144
2.89

1.50
0.51

122
2.64

1.79
0.50

107
2.91

2.17
0.90

87
1.89

(6)  Loan and allowance ratios for 2016 include $243 million of non-U.S. credit card allowance for loan and lease losses and $9.2 billion of ending non-U.S. credit card loans, which were included in 

assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. See footnote 1 for more information.

(7)  Outstanding loan and lease balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option of $5.7 billion, $7.1 billion, $6.9 billion, $8.7 billion and $10.0 billion at December 
31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Average loans accounted for under the fair value option were $6.7 billion, $8.2 billion, $7.7 billion, $9.9 billion and $9.5 billion in 2017, 2016, 
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

(8)  Excludes consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option of $928 million, $1.1 billion, $1.9 billion, $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, 

respectively.

(9)  Excludes commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option of $4.8 billion, $6.0 billion, $5.1 billion, $6.6 billion and $7.9 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, 

respectively. 

(10)  Net charge-offs exclude $207 million, $340 million, $808 million, $810 million and $2.3 billion of write-offs in the PCI loan portfolio in 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 respectively. For more 

information on PCI write-offs, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Purchased Credit-impaired Loan Portfolio on page 76.

(11)  For more information on our definition of nonperforming loans, see page 78 and page 83.
(12)  Primarily includes amounts allocated to U.S. credit card and unsecured consumer lending portfolios in Consumer Banking, PCI loans and the non-U.S. credit portfolio in All Other.
(13)  For more information on the PCI loan portfolio and the valuation allowance for PCI loans, see Note 4 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Note 5 – Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated 

Financial Statements.

Bank of America 2017     111 

Table V  Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses by Product Type

(Dollars in millions)
Allowance for loan and lease losses

Residential mortgage
Home equity
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer
Total consumer

U.S. commercial (1)
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing

Total commercial
Total allowance for loan and lease  

losses (2)

 

2017

2016

December 31

2015

2014

2013

Amount

Percent
of Total

Amount

Percent
of Total

Amount

Percent
of Total

Amount

Percent
of Total

Amount

Percent
of Total

$

 
701
1,019
3,368
—
262
33
5,383
3,113
803
935
159
5,010

 

 
6.74% $ 1,012
1,738
9.80
2,934
32.41
243
—
244
2.52
51
0.32
6,222
51.79
3,326
29.95
874
7.73
920
9.00
138
1.53
5,258
48.21

 

 
8.82% $ 1,500
2,414
2,927
274
223
47
7,385
2,964
754
967
164
4,849

15.14
25.56
2.12
2.13
0.44
54.21
28.97
7.61
8.01
1.20
45.79

 

 
12.26% $ 2,900
19.73
3,035
3,320
23.93
369
2.24
299
1.82
59
0.38
60.36
9,982
2,619
24.23
649
6.17
1,016
7.90
153
1.34
39.64
4,437

 

 
20.11% $ 4,084
21.05
4,434
3,930
23.03
459
2.56
417
2.07
99
0.41
69.23
13,423
2,394
18.16
576
4.50
917
7.05
118
1.06
30.77
4,005

 
23.43%
25.44
22.55
2.63
2.39
0.58
77.02
13.74
3.30
5.26
0.68
22.98

10,393

100.00%

11,480

100.00%

12,234

100.00%

14,419

100.00%

17,428

100.00%

Less: Allowance included in assets of 

business held for sale (3)

Allowance for loan and lease losses

Reserve for unfunded lending commitments

Allowance for credit losses

—
10,393
777
$ 11,170

(243)
11,237
762
$ 11,999

—
12,234
 
646
  $ 12,880

—
14,419
528
$ 14,947

—
17,428
484
$ 17,912

(1) 

(2) 

Includes allowance for loan and lease losses for U.S. small business commercial loans of $439 million, $416 million, $507 million, $536 million and $462 million at December 31, 2017, 2016, 
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Includes $289 million, $419 million, $804 million, $1.7 billion and $2.5 billion of valuation allowance presented with the allowance for loan and lease losses related to PCI loans at December 31, 
2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

(3)  Represents allowance for loan and lease losses related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at 

December 31, 2016. In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.

Table VI  Selected Loan Maturity Data (1, 2)

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. commercial
U.S. commercial real estate
Non-U.S. and other (3)

Total selected loans

Percent of total
Sensitivity of selected loans to changes in interest rates for loans due after one year:

Fixed interest rates
Floating or adjustable interest rates

Total

(1)  Loan maturities are based on the remaining maturities under contractual terms.
(2) 
(3)  Loan maturities include non-U.S. commercial and commercial real estate loans.

Includes loans accounted for under the fair value option.

 

$

$

December 31, 2017

Due in One
Year or Less

Due After One
Year Through

Five Years

Due After
Five Years

74,563
14,015
42,933
131,511

$

$

29%
 
  $
 
  $

177,459
35,741
53,094
266,294

58%
 

17,765
248,529
266,294

$

$

$

$

49,090
5,005
7,457
61,552

13%
 

27,992
33,560
61,552

Total

301,112
54,761
103,484
459,357

$

$

100%
 
 
 
 

112     Bank of America 2017

Financial Statements and Notes

Table of Contents

Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
Note 2 – Derivatives
Note 3 – Securities
Note 4 – Outstanding Loans and Leases
Note 5 – Allowance for Credit Losses
Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities
Note 7 – Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate Guarantees
Note 8 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Note 9 – Deposits
Note 10 – Federal Funds Sold or Purchased, Securities Financing Agreements and Short-term Borrowings
Note 11 – Long-term Debt
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity
Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Note 15 – Earnings Per Common Share
Note 16 – Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions
Note 17 – Employee Benefit Plans
Note 18 – Stock-based Compensation Plans
Note 19 – Income Taxes
Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
Note 21 – Fair Value Option
Note 22 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Note 23 – Business Segment Information
Note 24 – Parent Company Information
Note 25 – Performance by Geographical Area
Glossary
Acronyms

Page
116
117
118
120
121
122
131
140
144
156
158
162
164
165
165
168
170
176
178
179
179
181
186
187
189
199
202
203
205
206
207
208

113
Bank of America 2017 
Bank of America 2017     113 

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

The management of Bank of America Corporation is responsible 
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over 
financial reporting.

The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is a 
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The 
Corporation’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  includes 
those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance 
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect 
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; 
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of 
the  Corporation  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with 
authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; 
and  (iii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of the Corporation’s assets that could have a material effect on 
the financial statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over 
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are 
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation’s 
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017
based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control – 
Integrated  Framework  (2013).  Based  on  that  assessment, 
management  concluded  that,  as  of  December  31,  2017,  the 
Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.

The  Corporation’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting              

as  of  December  31,  2017  has  been  audited  by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, an independent registered public 
accounting  firm,  as  stated  in  their  accompanying  report  which 
expresses  an  unqualified  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the 
Corporation’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of 
December 31, 2017.

Brian T. Moynihan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

Paul M. Donofrio
Chief Financial Officer

114  Bank of America 2017
114     Bank of America 2017

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bank 
of America Corporation:

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal 
Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets 
of  Bank  of  America  Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries  as  of 
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, and the related 
consolidated  statements  of  income,  comprehensive  income, 
changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the 
three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, including the 
related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial 
statements”).  We  also  have  audited  the  Corporation’s  internal 
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based 
on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of 
the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred 
to  above  present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial 
position  of  the  Corporation  as  of  December  31,  2017  and 
December 31, 2016, and the results of their operations and their 
cash  flows  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended 
December  31,  2017  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our 
opinion,  the  Corporation  maintained,  in  all  material  respects, 
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 
31,  2017,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  - 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Change In Accounting Principle 
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, 
the Corporation changed the manner in which it accounts for the 
determination of when certain stock-based compensation awards 
are  considered  authorized  for  purposes  of  determining  their 
service inception date.

is 

for 

responsible 

Basis for Opinions
The  Corporation’s  management 
these 
consolidated  financial  statements,  for  maintaining  effective 
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of 
the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting, 
included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal 
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express 
opinions on the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements 
and on the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting 
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered 
with  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United 
States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect 
to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities 
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities 
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all 
material respects.

the 

to  assess 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included 
performing  procedures 
risks  of  material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether 
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to 
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, 
evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the 
consolidated  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included 
evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant 
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit 
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an 
understanding  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting, 
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing 
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control  based  on  the  assessed  risk.  Our  audits  also  included 
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in 
the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable 
basis for our opinions.

Definition  and  Limitations  of  Internal  Control  over 
Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process 
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements 
for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial 
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain 
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of 
that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the 
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations 
of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (iii) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of 
unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of  the  company’s 
assets  that  could  have  a  material  effect  on  the  financial 
statements.

reasonable  assurance 

the  company; 

(ii) provide 

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over 
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are 
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of 
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audits  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the 
consolidated 
free  of  material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective 

financial  statements  are 

Charlotte, North Carolina
February 22, 2018

We have served as the Corporation’s auditor since 1958.

115
Bank of America 2017 
Bank of America 2017     115 

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Income

(Dollars in millions, except per share information)
(Dollars in millions, except per share information)
Interest income
Interest income

Loans and leases
Loans and leases
Debt securities
Debt securities
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Trading account assets
Trading account assets
Other interest income
Other interest income
Total interest income
Total interest income

Interest expense
Interest expense

Deposits
Deposits
Short-term borrowings
Short-term borrowings
Trading account liabilities
Trading account liabilities
Long-term debt
Long-term debt

Total interest expense
Total interest expense
Net interest income
Net interest income

Noninterest income
Noninterest income

Card income
Card income
Service charges
Service charges
Investment and brokerage services
Investment and brokerage services
Investment banking income
Investment banking income
Trading account profits
Trading account profits
Mortgage banking income
Mortgage banking income
Gains on sales of debt securities
Gains on sales of debt securities
Other income
Other income

Total noninterest income
Total noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense
Total revenue, net of interest expense

Provision for credit losses
Provision for credit losses

Noninterest expense
Noninterest expense

Personnel
Personnel
Occupancy
Occupancy
Equipment
Equipment
Marketing
Marketing
Professional fees
Professional fees
Data processing
Data processing
Telecommunications
Telecommunications
Other general operating
Other general operating

Total noninterest expense
Total noninterest expense
Income before income taxes
Income before income taxes

Income tax expense
Income tax expense

Net income
Net income

Preferred stock dividends
Preferred stock dividends

Net income applicable to common shareholders
Net income applicable to common shareholders

Per common share information
Per common share information

Earnings
Earnings
Diluted earnings
Diluted earnings
Dividends paid
Dividends paid

Average common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)
Average common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)

2017
2017

2016
2016

2015
2015

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

 
 
36,221
36,221
10,471
10,471
2,390
2,390
4,474
4,474
4,023
4,023
57,579
57,579

 
 
1,931
1,931
3,538
3,538
1,204
1,204
6,239
6,239
12,912
12,912
44,667
44,667

 
 
5,902
5,902
7,818
7,818
13,281
13,281
6,011
6,011
7,277
7,277
224
224
255
255
1,917
1,917
42,685
42,685
87,352
87,352

3,396
3,396

 
 
31,642
31,642
4,009
4,009
1,692
1,692
1,746
1,746
1,888
1,888
3,139
3,139
699
699
9,928
9,928
54,743
54,743
29,213
29,213
10,981
10,981
18,232
18,232
1,614
1,614
16,618
16,618

 
 
1.63
1.63
1.56
1.56
0.39
0.39
10,195,646
10,195,646
10,778,428
10,778,428

 
 
33,228
33,228
9,167
9,167
1,118
1,118
4,423
4,423
3,121
3,121
51,057
51,057

 
 
1,015
1,015
2,350
2,350
1,018
1,018
5,578
5,578
9,961
9,961
41,096
41,096

 
 
5,851
5,851
7,638
7,638
12,745
12,745
5,241
5,241
6,902
6,902
1,853
1,853
490
490
1,885
1,885
42,605
42,605
83,701
83,701

3,597
3,597

 
 
31,748
31,748
4,038
4,038
1,804
1,804
1,703
1,703
1,971
1,971
3,007
3,007
746
746
10,066
10,066
55,083
55,083
25,021
25,021
7,199
7,199
17,822
17,822
1,682
1,682
16,140
16,140

 
 
1.57
1.57
1.49
1.49
0.25
0.25
10,284,147
10,284,147
11,046,806
11,046,806

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

 
 
31,918
31,918
9,178
9,178
988
988
4,397
4,397
3,026
3,026
49,507
49,507

 
 
861
861
2,387
2,387
1,343
1,343
5,958
5,958
10,549
10,549
38,958
38,958

 
 
5,959
5,959
7,381
7,381
13,337
13,337
5,572
5,572
6,473
6,473
2,364
2,364
1,138
1,138
1,783
1,783
44,007
44,007
82,965
82,965

3,161
3,161

32,751
32,751
4,093
4,093
2,039
2,039
1,811
1,811
2,264
2,264
3,115
3,115
823
823
10,721
10,721
57,617
57,617
22,187
22,187
6,277
6,277
15,910
15,910
1,483
1,483
14,427
14,427

 
 
1.38
1.38
1.31
1.31
0.20
0.20
10,462,282
10,462,282
11,236,230
11,236,230

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

116     Bank of America 2017
116     Bank of America 2017
116  Bank of America 2017

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
(Dollars in millions)
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss), net-of-tax:
(Dollars in millions)
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss), net-of-tax:

Net change in debt and marketable equity securities
Net change in debit valuation adjustments
Net change in derivatives
Net change in debt and marketable equity securities
Employee benefit plan adjustments
Net change in debit valuation adjustments
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments
Net change in derivatives
Employee benefit plan adjustments
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive income

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive income

2017

18,232

2017

61
18,232
(293)
64
61
288
(293)
86
64
206
288
18,438
86
206
18,438

$

$

$

$

2016

17,822

2016

(1,345)
17,822
(156)
182
(1,345)
(524)
(156)
(87)
182
(1,930)
(524)
15,892
(87)
(1,930)
15,892

$

$

$

$

2015

15,910

2015

(1,580)
15,910
615
584
(1,580)
394
615
(123)
584
(110)
394
15,800
(123)
(110)
15,800

$

$

$

$

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America 2017     117 
117
Bank of America 2017 

Bank of America 2017     117 

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Balance Sheet

(Dollars in millions, except per share information)
Interest income
(Dollars in millions)
Assets
Cash and due from banks
Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other banks

 
36,221
10,471
2,390
4,474
4,023
Time deposits placed and other short-term investments
57,579
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell (includes $52,906 and $49,750 measured at 

Loans and leases
Debt securities
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Trading account assets
Other interest income
Total interest income

Cash and cash equivalents

2017

$

fair value)
Interest expense
Trading account assets (includes $106,274 and $106,057 pledged as collateral)
Derivative assets
Debt securities:

Deposits
Short-term borrowings
Trading account liabilities
Carried at fair value (includes $29,830 and $29,804 pledged as collateral)
Long-term debt
Held-to-maturity, at cost (fair value – $123,299 and $115,285; $6,007 and $8,233 pledged as collateral)

Total interest expense
Total debt securities
Net interest income

Loans and leases (includes $5,710 and $7,085 measured at fair value and $40,051 and $31,805 pledged as collateral)
Allowance for loan and lease losses
Noninterest income

Loans and leases, net of allowance

Premises and equipment, net
Mortgage servicing rights
Goodwill
Loans held-for-sale (includes $2,156 and $4,026 measured at fair value)
Customer and other receivables
Assets of business held for sale (includes $619 measured at fair value at December 31, 2016)
Other assets (includes $20,279 and $13,802 measured at fair value)

Card income
Service charges
Investment and brokerage services
Investment banking income
Trading account profits
Mortgage banking income
Gains on sales of debt securities
Other income
Total assets
Total noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense

Assets of consolidated variable interest entities included in total assets above (isolated to settle the liabilities of the variable interest entities)
Provision for credit losses
Trading account assets
Loans and leases
Noninterest expense
Allowance for loan and lease losses

3,396

$

Loans and leases, net of allowance

Loans held-for-sale
All other assets

Personnel
Occupancy
Equipment
Marketing
Professional fees
Data processing
Telecommunications
Other general operating

Total assets of consolidated variable interest entities

Total noninterest expense
Income before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net income

Preferred stock dividends

Net income applicable to common shareholders

Per common share information

Earnings
Diluted earnings
Dividends paid

Average common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)

$

$

$

 
1.63
1.56
0.39
10,195,646
10,778,428

 
1.57
1.49
0.25
10,284,147
11,046,806

$
$

$

$

$

$

$

 
1,931
3,538
1,204
6,239
12,912
44,667

 
5,902
7,818
13,281
6,011
7,277
224
255
1,917
42,685
87,352

 
31,642
4,009
1,692
1,746
1,888
3,139
699
9,928
54,743
29,213
10,981
18,232
1,614
16,618

December 31

2016
2017

 
33,228
 
9,167
29,480
1,118
127,954
4,423
157,434
3,121
11,153
51,057
212,747
 
209,358
1,015
37,762
2,350
 
1,018
315,117
5,578
125,013
9,961
440,130
41,096
936,749
(10,393)
 
926,356
5,851
9,247
7,638
2,302
12,745
68,951
5,241
11,430
6,902
61,623
1,853
—
490
132,741
1,885
2,281,234
42,605
83,701

3,597
6,521
48,929
 
(1,016)
31,748
47,913
4,038
27
1,804
1,694
1,703
56,155
1,971
3,007
746
10,066
55,083
25,021
7,199
17,822
1,682
16,140

$
$

$

$

$

$

$

$

2015
2016

 
31,918
 
9,178
30,719
988
117,019
4,397
147,738
3,026
9,861
49,507
198,224
 
180,209
861
42,512
2,387
1,343
313,660
5,958
117,071
10,549
430,731
38,958
906,683
(11,237)
 
895,446
5,959
9,139
7,381
2,747
13,337
68,969
5,572
9,066
6,473
58,759
2,364
10,670
1,138
123,996
1,783
2,188,067
44,007
82,965

3,161
5,773
56,001
(1,032)
32,751
54,969
4,093
188
2,039
1,596
1,811
62,526
2,264
3,115
823
10,721
57,617
22,187
6,277
15,910
1,483
14,427

 
1.38
1.31
0.20
10,462,282
11,236,230

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

118     Bank of America 2017
116     Bank of America 2017

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Balance Sheet (continued)
(Dollars in millions)
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss), net-of-tax:
(Dollars in millions)
Liabilities
Deposits in U.S. offices:

Net change in debt and marketable equity securities
Net change in debit valuation adjustments
Net change in derivatives
Employee benefit plan adjustments
Noninterest-bearing
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments
Interest-bearing (includes $449 and $731 measured at fair value)

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Deposits in non-U.S. offices:
Comprehensive income

Noninterest-bearing
Interest-bearing
Total deposits

2017

2016

2015

$

18,232

$

17,822

$

15,910

December 31

61
(293)
64
288
86
206
18,438

$

$

$

$

$

2017

(1,345)
(156)
 
182
 
(524)
430,650
(87)
796,576
(1,930)
15,892
14,024
68,295
1,309,545

176,865
81,187
34,300
32,666

152,123
227,402
2,014,088

2016

(1,580)
615
 
584
 
394
438,125
(123)
750,891
(110)
15,800
12,039
59,879
1,260,934

170,291
63,031
39,480
23,944

147,369
216,823
1,921,872

 
22,323

25,220

138,089
113,816
(7,082)
267,146
2,281,234

147,038
101,225
(7,288)
266,195
$ 2,188,067

 
312
9,873
37
10,222

$

$

 
348
10,646
41
11,035

Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase (includes $36,182 and $35,766 measured at 

fair value)

Trading account liabilities
Derivative liabilities
Short-term borrowings (includes $1,494 and $2,024 measured at fair value)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (includes $22,840 and $14,630 measured at fair value and $777 and $762 of reserve for 

unfunded lending commitments)

Long-term debt (includes $31,786 and $30,037 measured at fair value)

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities, Note 7 – Representations and Warranties 

Obligations and Corporate Guarantees and Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies)

Shareholders’ equity
Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; authorized – 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding – 3,837,683 and 3,887,329 shares
Common stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.01 par value; authorized – 12,800,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding – 

10,287,302,431 and 10,052,625,604 shares

Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Total shareholders’ equity
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities included in total liabilities above
Short-term borrowings
Long-term debt (includes $9,872 and $10,417 of non-recourse debt)
All other liabilities (includes $34 and $38 of non-recourse liabilities)

Total liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities

$

$

$

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America 2017     117 
Bank of America 2017     119 

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity

(Dollars in millions, except per share information)
Interest income

(Dollars in millions, shares in thousands)
Balance, December 31, 2014
Cumulative adjustment for accounting change related to debit

Loans and leases
Debt securities
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Trading account assets
valuation adjustments
Other interest income
Total interest income

Cumulative adjustment for accounting change related to
retirement-eligible stock-based compensation expense

19,309

Stock

$

 

Preferred

Common Stock and

Additional Paid-in Capital
Shares
Amount

$

10,516,542

$

153,458

$

Accumulated

2016
Other

 
Comprehensive
$
33,228
Income (Loss)
9,167
(4,022) $
$
1,118
4,423
(1,226)
3,121
51,057

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

2,964

4,054
(140,331)
10,380,265

$

(42)
(2,374)
151,042

$

$

22,273

2,947

5,111
(332,750)
10,052,626

$

1,108
(5,112)
147,038

$

$

25,220

Net income
Interest expense
Net change in debt and marketable equity securities
Deposits
Net change in debit valuation adjustments
Short-term borrowings
Net change in derivatives
Trading account liabilities
Employee benefit plan adjustments
Long-term debt
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments
Dividends declared:

Total interest expense
Net interest income
Common
Preferred

Noninterest income
Issuance of preferred stock
Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and related

Card income
Service charges
tax effects
Investment and brokerage services
Common stock repurchased
Investment banking income
Balance, December 31, 2015
Trading account profits
Net income
Mortgage banking income
Net change in debt and marketable equity securities
Gains on sales of debt securities
Net change in debit valuation adjustments
Other income
Net change in derivatives
Employee benefit plan adjustments
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments
Provision for credit losses
Dividends declared:

Total noninterest income
Total revenue, net of interest expense

Issuance of preferred stock
Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and related

Noninterest expense

Common
Preferred
Personnel
Occupancy
Equipment
tax effects
Marketing
Common stock repurchased
Professional fees
Balance, December 31, 2016
Data processing
Net income
Telecommunications
Net change in debt and marketable equity securities
Other general operating
Net change in debit valuation adjustments
Net change in derivatives
Employee benefit plan adjustments
Income tax expense
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments
Dividends declared:
Preferred stock dividends

Net income
Common
Net income applicable to common shareholders
Preferred

Total noninterest expense
Income before income taxes

Common stock issued in connection with exercise of warrants
Per common share information
and exchange of preferred stock
Earnings
Diluted earnings
Dividends paid

Common stock issued under employee plans, net and other
Common stock repurchased
Balance, December 31, 2017
Average common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding (in thousands)

$

(2,897)

22,323

700,000
43,329
(508,653)
10,287,302

$

2,933
932
(12,814)
138,089

$

$

$

$

2017

Retained
Earnings

 
 

 
36,221
10,471
74,731
2,390
4,474
1,226
4,023
57,579
(635)
15,910
 
 
1,931
3,538
1,204
6,239
12,912
44,667
(2,091)
(1,483)
 
5,902
7,818
13,281
6,011
87,658
7,277
17,822
224
255
1,917
42,685
87,352

 

3,396
(2,573)
 
(1,682)
31,642
4,009
1,692
1,746
1,888
101,225
3,139
18,232
699
9,928
54,743
29,213
10,981
18,232
1,614
(4,027)
16,618
(1,578)

 
(36)
1.63
1.56
0.39
113,816
10,195,646
10,778,428

$

$

$

$

$

$

2015
Total

Equity

 
Shareholders’
31,918
$
9,178
243,476
988
4,397
—
3,026
49,507
(635)
15,910
 
(1,580)
861
615
2,387
584
1,343
394
5,958
(123)
10,549
38,958
(2,091)
(1,483)
 
2,964
5,959
7,381
(42)
13,337
(2,374)
5,572
255,615
6,473
17,822
2,364
(1,345)
1,138
(156)
1,783
182
44,007
(524)
82,965
(87)
3,161
(2,573)
(1,682)
32,751
2,947
4,093
2,039
1,108
1,811
(5,112)
2,264
266,195
3,115
18,232
823
61
10,721
(293)
57,617
64
22,187
288
6,277
86
15,910
1,483
(4,027)
14,427
(1,578)

 
(1,580)
1,015
615
2,350
584
1,018
394
5,578
(123)
9,961
 
41,096
 
 
 
5,851
7,638
12,745
5,241
(5,358) $
6,902
1,853
(1,345)
490
(156)
1,885
182
42,605
(524)
83,701
(87)
3,597

 

 
31,748
4,038
1,804
1,703
1,971
(7,288) $
3,007
746
61
10,066
(293)
55,083
64
25,021
288
7,199
86
17,822
1,682
16,140

$

$

$

 
1.57
1.49
0.25
(7,082) $
10,284,147
11,046,806

 
—
1.38
932
1.31
(12,814)
0.20
267,146
10,462,282
11,236,230

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

120     Bank of America 2017
116     Bank of America 2017

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(Dollars in millions)
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss), net-of-tax:
(Dollars in millions)
Operating activities
Net income
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Net change in debt and marketable equity securities
Net change in debit valuation adjustments
Net change in derivatives
Employee benefit plan adjustments
Provision for credit losses
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments
Gains on sales of debt securities
Depreciation and premises improvements amortization
Comprehensive income
Amortization of intangibles
Net amortization of premium/discount on debt securities
Deferred income taxes
Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Loans held-for-sale:

Originations and purchases
Proceeds from sales and paydowns of loans originally classified as held-for-sale

Net change in:

Trading and derivative instruments
Other assets
Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Other operating activities, net

Net cash provided by operating activities

Investing activities
Net change in:

Time deposits placed and other short-term investments
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell

Debt securities carried at fair value:

Proceeds from sales
Proceeds from paydowns and maturities
Purchases

Held-to-maturity debt securities:

Proceeds from paydowns and maturities
Purchases

Loans and leases:

Proceeds from sales
Purchases
Other changes in loans and leases, net

Other investing activities, net

Net cash used in investing activities

Financing activities
Net change in:

Deposits
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
Short-term borrowings

Long-term debt:

Proceeds from issuance
Retirement of long-term debt

Preferred stock: Proceeds from issuance
Common stock repurchased
Cash dividends paid
Other financing activities, net

Net cash provided by financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at January 1

Cash and cash equivalents at December 31

Supplemental cash flow disclosures
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Income taxes refunded

2017

2016

2015

$

18,232

$

17,822

$

15,910

$

$

$

$

2017

61
(293)
 
18,232
64
 
288
3,396
86
(255)
206
1,482
18,438
621
2,251
8,175
1,649

(43,506)
40,059

(13,939)
(19,859)
4,673
7,424
10,403
 

(1,292)
(14,523)

73,353
93,874
(166,975)

16,653
(25,088)

11,761
(6,846)
(41,104)
8,180
(52,007)
 

48,611
7,024
8,538

53,486
(49,553)
—
(12,814)
(5,700)
(397)
49,195
2,105
9,696
147,738
157,434

12,852
3,297
(62)

$

$

$

$

2016

(1,345)
(156)
17,822
182
(524)
3,597
(87)
(490)
(1,930)
1,511
15,892
730
3,134
5,793
1,367

(33,107)
31,376

(866)
(13,802)
(35)
1,331
18,361

(2,117)
(5,742)

71,547
108,592
(189,061)

18,677
(39,899)

18,230
(12,283)
(31,194)
107
(63,143)

63,675
(4,000)
(4,014)

35,537
(51,849)
2,947
(5,112)
(4,194)
(63)
32,927
240
(11,615)
159,353
147,738

10,510
1,633
(590)

$

$

$

$

2015

(1,580)
615
15,910
584
394
3,161
(123)
(1,138)
(110)
1,555
15,800
834
2,613
2,967
(89)

(37,933)
36,204

2,550
2,645
730
(1,612)
28,397

50
(659)

137,569
92,498
(219,412)

12,872
(36,575)

22,316
(12,629)
(51,895)
294
(55,571)

78,347
(26,986)
(3,074)

43,670
(40,365)
2,964
(2,374)
(3,574)
(73)
48,535
(597)
20,764
138,589
159,353

10,623
2,326
(151)

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America 2017     117 
Bank of America 2017     121 

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 1 Summary of Significant Accounting 
Principles
Bank  of  America  Corporation,  a  bank  holding  company  and  a 
financial holding company, provides a diverse range of financial 
services  and  products  throughout  the  U.S.  and  in  certain 
international markets. The term “the Corporation” as used herein 
may refer to Bank of America Corporation, individually, Bank of 
America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank of 
America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates.

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of 
the  Corporation  and  its  majority-owned  subsidiaries  and  those 
variable  interest  entities  (VIEs)  where  the  Corporation  is  the 
primary beneficiary. Intercompany accounts and transactions have 
been eliminated. Results of operations of acquired companies are 
included from the dates of acquisition and for VIEs, from the dates 
that the Corporation became the primary beneficiary. Assets held 
in  an  agency  or  fiduciary  capacity  are  not  included  in  the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The Corporation accounts for 
investments in companies for which it owns a voting interest and 
for which it has the ability to exercise significant influence over 
operating  and  financing  decisions  using  the  equity  method  of 
accounting. These investments are included in other assets. Equity 
method investments are subject to impairment testing, and the 
Corporation’s proportionate share of income or loss is included in 
other income.

The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the 
United States of America (GAAP) requires management to make 
estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  reported  amounts  and 
disclosures.  Realized  results  could  materially  differ  from  those 
estimates and assumptions. Certain prior-period amounts have 
been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.

On June 1, 2017, the Corporation completed the sale of its 
non-U.S.  consumer  credit  card  business  to  a  third  party.  The 
Corporation  has  indemnified  the  purchaser  for  substantially  all 
payment  protection  insurance  (PPI)  exposure  above  reserves 
assumed by the purchaser. The impact of the sale was an after-
tax gain of $103 million, and is presented in the Consolidated 
Statement  of  Income  as  other  income  of  $793  million  and  an 
income tax expense of $690 million. The income tax expense was 
related to gains on the derivatives used to hedge the currency risk 
of the net investment. Total cash proceeds from the sale were 
$10.9 billion. The assets of the business sold primarily included 
consumer credit card receivables of $9.8 billion and $9.2 billion 
at June 1, 2017 and December 31, 2016 and goodwill of $775 
million at both of those period ends. This business was included 
in All Other.

Change in Tax Law
On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax Cuts 
and  Jobs  Act  (the  Tax  Act)  which  made  significant  changes  to 
federal income tax law including, among other things, reducing the 
statutory corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent 
and changing the taxation of the Corporation’s non-U.S. business 
activities.  On  the  same  date,  the  Securities  and  Exchange 
Commission  issued  Staff  Accounting  Bulletin  No.  118  which 

specifies, among other things, that reasonable estimates of the 
income tax effects of the Tax Act should be used, if determinable. 
The Corporation has accounted for the effects of the Tax Act using 
reasonable estimates based on currently available information and 
its interpretations thereof. This accounting may change due to, 
among other things, changes in interpretations the Corporation 
has made and the issuance of new tax or accounting guidance. 
GAAP requires that the effects of a change in tax rate from revaluing 
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities be recognized upon 
enactment,  resulting  in  $1.9  billion  of  estimated  incremental 
income tax expense recognized in 2017. The change in tax rate 
also resulted in a downward valuation adjustment, primarily related 
to tax-advantaged energy investments, of $946 million recorded 
in other income.

Change in Accounting Method
GAAP  requires  that  stock-based  compensation  awards  be 
expensed over the service period (the period they are  earned), 
based on their grant-date fair value. Awards to retirement-eligible 
employees have no future service requirement, and historically, 
the Corporation has deemed these awards to be authorized on the 
grant date, resulting in full recognition of the related expense at 
that time. Effective October 1, 2017, the Corporation changed its 
accounting  method  for  determining  when  these  awards  are 
deemed authorized, changing from the grant date to the beginning 
of  the  year  preceding  the  grant  date  when  the  incentive  award 
plans are generally approved. As a result, the estimated value of 
the awards is now expensed ratably over the year preceding the 
grant date. The Corporation believes this change is a preferable 
method  of  accounting  as  it  is  consistent  with  the  accounting 
method used by several peer institutions for similar awards and 
results in an improved pattern of expense recognition. 

Adoption of this change is voluntary and has been adopted 
retrospectively  with  all  prior  periods  presented  herein  being 
restated. The change in accounting method resulted in a decrease 
in retained earnings of $635 million at January 1, 2015. All other 
effects of the change on the Consolidated Statement of Income 
and diluted earnings per share were not material for any period 
presented; additionally, the impact of the change in accounting 
method  was  not  material  to  any  interim  periods.  The  change 
affected consolidated financial information and All Other; it did not 
affect the business segments. 

The  following  Notes  have  been  impacted  by  the  change  in 
accounting  method:  Note  13  –  Shareholders’  Equity,  Note  15  – 
Earnings Per Common Share, Note 16 – Regulatory Requirements 
and Restrictions and Note 18 – Stock-based Compensation Plans.

New Accounting Pronouncements

Accounting for Share-based Compensation
Effective  January  1,  2017,  the  Corporation  adopted  the  new 
accounting  standard  that  simplifies  certain  aspects  of  the 
accounting  for  share-based  payment  transactions,  including 
income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity 
or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. 
Under this new accounting standard, all excess tax benefits and 
tax  deficiencies  on  the  delivery  of  share-based  awards  are 
recognized as discrete items in income tax expense or benefit in 
the Consolidated Statement of Income. Previously such amounts 
were recorded in shareholders’ equity. The adoption of this new 
accounting standard resulted in $236 million of tax benefits upon 
the delivery of share-settled awards in 2017.

122     Bank of America 2017

Revenue Recognition
Effective  January  1,  2018,  the  Corporation  adopted  the  new 
accounting standard for recognizing revenue from contracts with 
customers.  The  new  standard  does  not  impact  the  timing  or 
measurement  of  the  Corporation’s  revenue  recognition  as  it  is 
consistent with the Corporation’s existing accounting for contracts 
within  the  scope  of  the  new  standard.  However,  beginning 
prospectively in 2018, the Corporation’s presentation of certain 
costs, which are primarily related to underwriting activities, will be 
presented as operating expenses under the new standard rather 
than presented net in investment banking income, resulting in an 
expected increase to both line items of approximately $200 million 
for the year. The new accounting standard does not have a material 
impact  on  the  Corporation’s  consolidated  financial  position  or 
results of operations and will not have a material impact on the 
disclosures in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Hedge Accounting
Effective January 1, 2018, the Corporation early adopted the new 
standard that simplifies and expands the ability to apply hedge 
accounting to certain risk management activities. The accounting 
standard does not have a material impact on the Corporation’s 
consolidated financial position or results of operations and will 
not have a material impact on the disclosures in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The Corporation recognized 
an  insignificant  cumulative-effect  adjustment  to  its  January  1, 
2018 opening retained earnings to reflect the impact of applying 
the new standard to certain outstanding hedge strategies, mainly 
related to fair value hedges of fixed-rate debt instruments.

Recognition  and  Measurement  of  Financial  Assets  and 
Financial Liabilities
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued a new 
accounting standard on recognition and measurement of financial 
instruments,  including  certain  equity  investments  and  financial 
liabilities recorded at fair value under the fair value option. Effective 
January  1,  2015,  the  Corporation  early  adopted  the  provisions 
related to debit valuation adjustments (DVA) on financial liabilities 
accounted for under the fair value option. The Corporation adopted 
the remaining provisions on January 1, 2018, which will not have 
a  material  impact  on  the  Corporation’s  consolidated  financial 
position, results of operations or disclosures in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Tax Effects in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
The FASB issued a new accounting standard effective on January 
1, 2019, with early adoption permitted, that addresses certain tax 
effects in accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) related 
to  the  Tax  Act.  Under  this  new  accounting  standard,  those  tax 
effects, representing the difference between the newly enacted 
federal tax rate of 21 percent and the historical tax rate, may, at 
the  entity’s  election,  be  reclassified  from  accumulated  OCI  to 
retained earnings. The new accounting standard can be applied 
retrospectively to each period in which the effects of the change 
in federal tax rate are recognized or applied at the beginning of 
the period of adoption. The new accounting standard will not have 
a  material  impact  on  the  Corporation’s  consolidated  financial 
position, results of operations or disclosures in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Lease Accounting
The FASB issued a new accounting standard effective on January 
1, 2019 that requires substantially all leases to be recorded as 
assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. On January 5, 2018, 
the FASB issued an exposure draft proposing an amendment to 
the standard that, if approved, would permit companies the option 
to  apply  the  provisions  of  the  new  lease  standard  either 
prospectively  as  of  the  effective  date,  without  adjusting 
comparative periods presented, or using a modified retrospective 
transition applicable to all prior periods presented. The Corporation 
is in the process of reviewing its existing lease portfolios, including 
certain service contracts for embedded leases, to evaluate the 
impact of the standard on the consolidated financial statements, 
as  well  as  the  impact  to  regulatory  capital  and  risk-weighted 
assets. The effect of the adoption will depend on the lease portfolio 
at  the  time  of  transition  and  the  transition  options  ultimately 
available;  however,  the  Corporation  does  not  expect  the  new 
accounting standard to have a material impact on its consolidated 
financial position, results of operations or disclosures in the Notes 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Accounting for Financial Instruments -- Credit Losses
The FASB issued a new accounting standard effective on January 
1, 2020, with early adoption permitted on January 1, 2019, that 
will require the earlier recognition of credit losses on loans and 
other  financial  instruments  based  on  an  expected  loss  model, 
replacing  the  incurred  loss  model  that  is  currently  in  use.  The 
standard  also  requires  expanded  credit  quality  disclosures, 
including credit quality indicators disaggregated by vintage. The 
Corporation  is  in  the  process  of  identifying  and  implementing 
required changes to loan loss estimation models and processes 
and evaluating the impact of this new accounting standard, which 
at the date of adoption is expected to increase the allowance for 
credit  losses  with  a  resulting  negative  adjustment  to  retained 
earnings.

Significant Accounting Principles

Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash items in 
the process of collection, cash segregated under federal and other 
brokerage  regulations,  and  amounts  due  from  correspondent 
banks,  the  Federal  Reserve  Bank  and  certain  non-U.S.  central 
banks.

Securities Financing Agreements
Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and 
securities  loaned  or  sold  under  agreements  to  repurchase 
(securities  financing  agreements)  are  treated  as  collateralized 
financing transactions except in instances where the transaction 
is required to be accounted for as individual sale and purchase 
transactions.  Generally,  these  agreements  are  recorded  at 
acquisition or sale price plus accrued interest, except for certain 
securities financing agreements that the Corporation accounts for 
under the fair value option. Changes in the fair value of securities 
financing agreements that are accounted for under the fair value 
option are recorded in trading account profits in the Consolidated 
Statement of Income.

Bank of America 2017     123 

The Corporation’s policy is to monitor the market value of the 
principal  amount  loaned  under  resale  agreements  and  obtain 
collateral from or return collateral pledged to counterparties when 
appropriate. Securities financing agreements do not create 
material credit risk due to these collateral provisions; therefore, 
an allowance for loan losses is unnecessary.

In transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a 
securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be 
pledged  or  sold  as  collateral,  it  recognizes  an  asset  on  the 
Consolidated  Balance  Sheet  at  fair  value,  representing  the 
securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to 
return those securities.

Collateral
The Corporation accepts securities and loans as collateral that it 
is permitted by contract or practice to sell or repledge. At December 
31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of this collateral was $561.9 
billion  and  $452.1  billion,  of  which  $476.1  billion  and  $372.0 
billion was sold or repledged. The primary source of this collateral 
is securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell. 
The Corporation also pledges company-owned securities and 
loans  as  collateral  in  transactions  that  include  repurchase 
agreements,  securities  loaned,  public  and  trust  deposits,  U.S. 
Treasury  tax  and  loan  notes,  and  short-term  borrowings.  This 
collateral, which in some cases can be sold or repledged by the 
counterparties to the transactions, is parenthetically disclosed on 
the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

In certain cases, the Corporation has transferred assets to 
consolidated  VIEs  where  those  restricted  assets  serve  as 
collateral for the interests issued by the VIEs. These assets are 
included  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet  in  Assets  of 
Consolidated VIEs.

In addition, the Corporation obtains collateral in connection 
with  its  derivative  contracts.  Required  collateral  levels  vary 
depending on the credit risk rating and the type of counterparty. 
Generally, the Corporation accepts collateral in the form of cash, 
U.S. Treasury securities and other marketable securities. Based 
on  provisions  contained  in  master  netting  agreements,  the 
Corporation  nets  cash  collateral  received  against  derivative 
assets.  The  Corporation  also  pledges  collateral  on  its  own 
derivative  positions  which  can  be  applied  against  derivative 
liabilities.

Trading Instruments
Financial instruments utilized in trading activities are carried at 
fair value. Fair value is generally based on quoted market prices 
or quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities. If these 
market prices are not available, fair values are estimated based 
on  dealer  quotes,  pricing  models,  discounted  cash  flow 
methodologies, or similar techniques where the determination of 
fair  value  may  require  significant  management  judgment  or 
estimation. Realized gains and losses are recorded on a trade-
date  basis.  Realized  and  unrealized  gains  and  losses  are 
recognized in trading account profits.

Derivatives and Hedging Activities
Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading or 
to support risk management activities. Derivatives used in risk 
management  activities 
that  are  both 
designated  in  qualifying  accounting  hedge  relationships  and 
derivatives used to hedge market risks in relationships that are 
not  designated  in   qualifying   accounting   hedge  relationships 

include  derivatives 

(referred to as other risk management activities). The Corporation 
manages  interest  rate  and  foreign  currency  exchange  rate 
sensitivity  predominantly  through  the  use  of  derivatives. 
Derivatives utilized by the Corporation include swaps, futures and 
forward settlement contracts, and option contracts.

All derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
at  fair  value,  taking  into  consideration  the  effects  of  legally 
enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Corporation 
to settle positive and negative positions and offset cash collateral 
held with the same counterparty on a net basis. For exchange-
traded contracts, fair value is based on quoted market prices in 
active or inactive markets or is derived from observable market- 
based  pricing  parameters,  similar  to  those  applied  to  over-the-
counter (OTC) derivatives. For non-exchange traded contracts, fair 
value is based on dealer quotes, pricing models, discounted cash 
flow  methodologies  or  similar  techniques 
for  which  the 
determination of fair value may require significant management 
judgment or estimation.

Valuations of derivative assets and liabilities reflect the value 
of the instrument including counterparty credit risk. These values 
also take into account the Corporation’s own credit standing.

Trading Derivatives and Other Risk Management Activities
Derivatives held for trading purposes are included in derivative 
assets or derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
with changes in fair value included in trading account profits.

Derivatives  used  for  other  risk  management  activities  are 
included in derivative assets or derivative liabilities. Derivatives 
used in other risk management activities have not been designated 
in qualifying accounting hedge relationships because they did not 
qualify or the risk that is being mitigated pertains to an item that 
is  reported  at  fair  value  through  earnings  so  that  the  effect  of 
measuring the derivative instrument and the asset or liability to 
which the risk exposure pertains will offset in the Consolidated 
Statement of Income to the extent effective. The changes in the 
fair  value  of  derivatives  that  serve  to  mitigate  certain  risks 
associated with mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), interest rate 
lock commitments (IRLCs) and first mortgage loans held-for-sale 
(LHFS)  that  are  originated  by  the  Corporation  are  recorded  in 
mortgage banking income. Changes in the fair value of derivatives 
that serve to mitigate interest rate risk and foreign currency risk 
are included in other income. Credit derivatives are also used by 
the Corporation to mitigate the risk associated with various credit 
exposures. The changes in the fair value of these derivatives are 
included in other income.

Derivatives Used For Hedge Accounting Purposes 
(Accounting Hedges)
For  accounting  hedges,  the  Corporation  formally  documents  at 
inception  all  relationships  between  hedging  instruments  and 
hedged  items,  as  well  as  the  risk  management  objectives  and 
strategies for undertaking various accounting hedges. Additionally, 
the Corporation primarily uses regression analysis at the inception 
of  a  hedge  and  for  each  reporting  period  thereafter  to  assess 
whether the derivative used in an accounting hedge transaction is 
expected to be and has been highly effective in offsetting changes 
in  the  fair  value  or  cash  flows  of  a  hedged  item  or  forecasted 
transaction. The Corporation discontinues hedge accounting when 
it  is  determined  that  a  derivative  is  not  expected  to  be  or  has 
ceased to be highly effective as a hedge, and then reflects changes 
in fair value of the derivative in earnings after termination of the 
hedge relationship.

124     Bank of America 2017

Fair value hedges are used to protect against changes in the 
fair  value  of  the  Corporation’s  assets  and  liabilities  that  are 
attributable to interest rate or foreign exchange volatility. Changes 
in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges are 
recorded in earnings, together and in the same income statement 
line item with changes in the fair value of the related hedged item. 
If a derivative instrument in a fair value hedge is terminated or the 
hedge  designation  removed,  the  previous  adjustments  to  the 
carrying value of the hedged asset or liability are subsequently 
accounted for in the same manner as other components of the 
carrying value of that asset or liability. For interest-earning assets 
and interest-bearing liabilities, such adjustments are amortized to 
earnings over the remaining life of the respective asset or liability.
Cash flow hedges are used primarily to minimize the variability 
in cash flows of assets and liabilities, or forecasted transactions 
caused  by  interest  rate  or  foreign  exchange  rate  fluctuations. 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives used in cash flow hedges 
are recorded in accumulated OCI and are reclassified into the line 
item in the income statement in which the hedged item is recorded 
in  the  same  period  the  hedged  item  affects  earnings.  Hedge 
ineffectiveness  and  gains  and  losses  on  the  component  of  a 
derivative excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness are recorded 
in the same income statement line item.

Net  investment  hedges  are  used  to  manage  the  foreign 
exchange rate sensitivity arising from a net investment in a foreign 
operation. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as 
net  investment  hedges  of  foreign  operations,  to  the  extent 
effective, are recorded as a component of accumulated OCI.

Securities
Debt securities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
at their trade date. Their classification is dependent on the purpose 
for which the assets were acquired. Debt securities purchased for 
use in the Corporation’s trading activities are reported in trading 
account  assets  at  fair  value  with  unrealized  gains  and  losses 
included  in  trading  account  profits.  Substantially  all  other  debt 
securities  purchased  are  used  in  the  Corporation’s  asset  and 
liability  management  (ALM)  activities  and  are  reported  on  the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as either debt securities carried at 
fair  value  or  as  debt  securities  held-to-maturity  (HTM).  Debt 
securities carried at fair value are either available-for-sale (AFS) 
securities with unrealized gains and losses net-of-tax included in 
accumulated OCI or carried at fair value with unrealized gains and 
losses reported in other income. Debt securities HTM, which are 
certain debt securities that management has the intent and ability 
to hold to maturity, are reported at amortized cost.

The Corporation regularly evaluates each AFS and HTM debt 
security where the value has declined below amortized cost to 
assess whether the decline in fair value is other than temporary. 
In determining whether an impairment is other than temporary, the 
Corporation considers the severity and duration of the decline in 
fair value, the length of time expected for recovery, the financial 
condition of the issuer, and other qualitative factors, as well as 
whether the Corporation either plans to sell the security or it is 
more-likely-than-not that it will be required to sell the security before 
recovery  of  the  amortized  cost.  For  AFS  debt  securities  the 
Corporation intends to hold, an analysis is performed to determine 
how much of the decline in fair value is related to the issuer’s 
credit and how much is related to market factors (e.g., interest 
rates). If any of the decline in fair value is due to credit, an other-
than-temporary  impairment  (OTTI)  loss  is  recognized  in  the 
Consolidated Statement of Income for that amount. If any of the 
decline in fair value is related to market factors, that amount is 
recognized in accumulated OCI. In certain instances, the credit 

loss may exceed the total decline in fair value, in which case, the 
difference  is  due  to  market  factors  and  is  recognized  as  an 
unrealized gain in accumulated OCI. If the Corporation intends to 
sell or believes it is more-likely-than-not that it will be required to 
sell the debt security, it is written down to fair value as an OTTI 
loss.

Interest on debt securities, including amortization of premiums 
and  accretion  of  discounts,  is  included  in  interest  income. 
Premiums  and  discounts  are  amortized  or  accreted  to  interest 
income at a constant effective yield over the contractual lives of 
the securities. Realized gains and losses from the sales of debt 
securities are determined using the specific identification method.
Marketable  equity  securities  are  classified  based  on 
management’s intention on the date of purchase and recorded on 
the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of the trade date. Marketable 
equity  securities  that  are  bought  and  held  principally  for  the 
purpose of resale in the near term are classified as trading and 
are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included 
in trading account profits. Other marketable equity securities are 
accounted  for  as  AFS  and  classified  in  other  assets.  All  AFS 
marketable  equity  securities  are  carried  at  fair  value  with  net 
unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated OCI, net-of-
tax. If there is an other-than-temporary decline in the fair value of 
any individual AFS marketable equity security, the cost basis is 
reduced  and  the  Corporation  reclassifies  the  associated  net 
unrealized  loss  out  of  accumulated  OCI  with  a  corresponding 
charge to other income. Dividend income on AFS marketable equity 
securities is included in other income. Realized gains and losses 
on  the  sale  of  all  AFS  marketable  equity  securities,  which  are 
recorded  in  other  income,  are  determined  using  the  specific 
identification method.

Loans and Leases
Loans, with the exception of loans accounted for under the fair 
value option, are measured at historical cost and reported at their 
outstanding  principal  balances  net  of  any  unearned  income, 
charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated 
loans, and for purchased loans, net of any unamortized premiums 
or discounts. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination 
costs  are  deferred  and  recognized  as  adjustments  to  interest 
income  over  the  lives  of  the  related  loans.  Unearned  income, 
discounts and premiums are amortized to interest income using 
a level yield methodology. The Corporation elects to account for 
certain consumer and commercial loans under the fair value option 
with changes in fair value reported in other income.

Under applicable accounting guidance, for reporting purposes, 
the loan and lease portfolio is categorized by portfolio segment 
and,  within  each  portfolio  segment,  by  class  of  financing 
receivables. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which 
an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to 
determine the allowance for credit losses, and a class of financing 
receivables is defined as the level of disaggregation of portfolio 
segments  based  on  the  initial  measurement  attribute,  risk 
characteristics and methods for assessing risk. The Corporation’s 
three portfolio segments are Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card 
and  Other  Consumer,  and  Commercial.  The  classes  within  the 
Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment are residential mortgage 
and home equity. The classes within the Credit Card and Other 
Consumer portfolio segment are U.S. credit card, non-U.S. credit 
card (sold in 2017), direct/indirect consumer and other consumer. 
The  classes  within  the  Commercial  portfolio  segment  are  U.S. 
commercial,  non-U.S.  commercial,  commercial  real  estate, 
commercial lease financing and U.S. small business commercial.

Bank of America 2017     125 

Purchased Credit-impaired Loans
Purchased loans with evidence of credit quality deterioration as 
of the purchase date for which it is probable that the Corporation 
will not receive all contractually required payments receivable are 
accounted for as purchased credit-impaired (PCI) loans. Evidence 
of credit quality deterioration since origination may include past 
due status, refreshed credit scores and refreshed loan-to-value 
(LTV) ratios. At acquisition, PCI loans are recorded at fair value 
with no allowance for credit losses, and accounted for individually 
or aggregated in pools based on similar risk characteristics such 
as credit risk, collateral type and interest rate risk. The Corporation 
estimates the amount and timing of expected cash flows for each 
loan or pool of loans. The expected cash flows in excess of the 
amount paid for the loans is referred to as the accretable yield 
and is recorded as interest income over the remaining estimated 
life  of  the  loan  or  pool  of  loans.  The  excess  of  the  PCI  loans’ 
contractual principal and interest over the expected cash flows is 
referred to as the nonaccretable difference. Over the life of the 
PCI loans, the expected cash flows continue to be estimated using 
models  that  incorporate  management’s  estimate  of  current 
assumptions such as default rates, loss severity and prepayment 
speeds. 
the  Corporation 
determines it is probable that the present value of the expected 
cash  flows  has  decreased,  a  charge  to  the  provision  for  credit 
losses is recorded with a corresponding increase in the allowance 
for credit losses. If it is probable that there is a significant increase 
in  the  present  value  of  expected  cash  flows,  the  allowance  for 
credit losses is reduced or, if there is no remaining allowance for 
credit losses related to these PCI loans, the accretable yield is 
increased 
from  nonaccretable 
difference, resulting in a prospective increase in interest income. 
Reclassifications  to  or  from  nonaccretable  difference  can  also 
occur for changes in the PCI loans’ estimated lives. If a loan within 
a PCI pool is sold, foreclosed, forgiven or the expectation of any 
future proceeds is remote, the loan is removed from the pool at 
its proportional carrying value. If the loan’s recovery value is less 
than the loan’s carrying value, the difference is first applied against 
the  PCI  pool’s  nonaccretable  difference  and  then  against  the 
allowance for credit losses.

If,  upon  subsequent  valuation, 

reclassification 

through  a 

Leases
The Corporation provides equipment financing to its customers 
through a variety of lease arrangements. Direct financing leases 
are carried at the aggregate of lease payments receivable plus 
estimated  residual  value  of  the  leased  property  less  unearned 
income. Leveraged leases, which are a form of financing leases, 
are  reported  net  of  non-recourse  debt.  Unearned  income  on 
leveraged  and  direct  financing  leases  is  accreted  to  interest 
income over the lease terms using methods that approximate the 
interest method.

Allowance for Credit Losses
The allowance for credit losses, which includes the allowance for 
loan  and  lease  losses  and  the  reserve  for  unfunded  lending 
commitments,  represents  management’s  estimate  of  probable 
losses inherent in the Corporation’s lending activities excluding 
loans and unfunded lending commitments accounted for under 
the  fair  value  option.  The  allowance  for  loan  and  lease  losses 
represents  the  estimated  probable  credit  losses  on  funded 
consumer and commercial loans and leases while the reserve for 
unfunded lending commitments, including standby letters of credit 

126     Bank of America 2017

(SBLCs)  and  binding  unfunded  loan  commitments,  represents 
estimated  probable  credit  losses  on  these  unfunded  credit 
instruments  based  on  utilization  assumptions.  Lending-related 
credit  exposures  deemed  to  be  uncollectible,  excluding  loans 
carried at fair value, are charged off against these accounts. Write-
offs  on  PCI  loans  on  which  there  is  a  valuation  allowance  are 
recorded against the valuation allowance. For more information, 
see Purchased Credit-impaired Loans in this Note.

The  Corporation  performs  periodic  and  systematic  detailed 
reviews  of  its  lending  portfolios  to  identify  credit  risks  and  to 
assess the overall collectability of those portfolios. The allowance 
on  certain  homogeneous  consumer  loan  portfolios,  which 
generally  consist  of  consumer  real  estate  loans  within  the 
Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment and credit card loans 
within the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment, is 
based on aggregated portfolio segment evaluations generally by 
product type. Loss forecast models are utilized for these portfolios 
which consider a variety of factors including, but not limited to, 
historical  loss  experience,  estimated  defaults  or  foreclosures 
based on portfolio trends, delinquencies, bankruptcies, economic 
conditions, credit scores and the amount of loss in the event of 
default.

For consumer loans secured by residential real estate, using 
statistical modeling methodologies, the Corporation estimates the 
number  of  loans  that  will  default  based  on  the  individual  loan 
attributes  aggregated  into  pools  of  homogeneous  loans  with 
similar attributes. The attributes that are most significant to the 
probability of default and are used to estimate defaults include 
refreshed  LTV  or,  in  the  case  of  a  subordinated  lien,  refreshed 
combined  LTV  (CLTV),  borrower  credit  score,  months  since 
origination (referred to as vintage) and geography, all of which are 
further broken down by present collection status (whether the loan 
is current, delinquent, in default or in bankruptcy). The severity or 
loss given default is estimated based on the refreshed LTV for first 
mortgages  or  CLTV  for  subordinated  liens.  The  estimates  are 
based  on  the  Corporation’s  historical  experience  with  the  loan 
portfolio,  adjusted  to  reflect  an  assessment  of  environmental 
factors not yet reflected in the historical data underlying the loss 
estimates,  such  as  changes  in  real  estate  values,  local  and 
national  economies,  underwriting  standards  and  the  regulatory 
environment. The probability of default models also incorporate 
recent experience with modification programs including re-defaults 
subsequent  to  modification,  a  loan’s  default  history  prior  to 
modification  and  the  change  in  borrower  payments  post-
modification. On home equity loans where the Corporation holds 
only  a  second-lien  position  and  foreclosure  is  not  the  best 
alternative, the loss severity is estimated at 100 percent.

The allowance on certain commercial loans (except business 
card and certain small business loans) is calculated using loss 
rates delineated by risk rating and product type. Factors considered 
when  assessing  loss  rates  include  the  value  of  the  underlying 
collateral, if applicable, the industry of the obligor, and the obligor’s 
liquidity and other financial indicators along with certain qualitative 
factors. These statistical models are updated regularly for changes 
in economic and business conditions. Included in the analysis of 
consumer and commercial loan portfolios are reserves which are 
maintained  to  cover  uncertainties  that  affect  the  Corporation’s 
estimate  of  probable  losses  including  domestic  and  global 
economic uncertainty and large single-name defaults.

For impaired loans, which include nonperforming commercial 
loans  as  well  as  consumer  and  commercial  loans  and  leases 
modified  in  a  troubled  debt  restructuring  (TDR),  management 
measures  impairment  primarily  based  on  the  present  value  of 
payments  expected  to  be  received,  discounted  at  the  loans’ 
original effective contractual interest rates. Credit card loans are 
discounted at the portfolio average contractual annual percentage 
rate,  excluding  promotionally  priced  loans,  in  effect  prior  to 
restructuring. Impaired loans and TDRs may also be measured 
based on observable market prices, or for loans that are solely 
dependent on the collateral for repayment, the estimated fair value 
of the collateral less costs to sell. If the recorded investment in 
impaired  loans  exceeds  this  amount,  a  specific  allowance  is 
established as a component of the allowance for loan and lease 
losses unless these are secured consumer loans that are solely 
dependent  on  the  collateral  for  repayment,  in  which  case  the 
amount that exceeds the fair value of the collateral is charged off.
Generally, the Corporation initially estimates the fair value of 
the collateral securing these consumer real estate-secured loans 
using an automated valuation model (AVM). An AVM is a tool that 
estimates  the  value  of  a  property  by  reference  to  market  data 
including sales of comparable properties and price trends specific 
to the Metropolitan Statistical Area in which the property being 
valued is located. In the event that an AVM value is not available, 
the  Corporation  utilizes  publicized  indices  or  if  these  methods 
provide less reliable valuations, the Corporation uses appraisals 
or broker price opinions to estimate the fair value of the collateral. 
While  there  is  inherent  imprecision  in  these  valuations,  the 
Corporation believes that they are representative of the portfolio 
in the aggregate.

In  addition  to  the  allowance  for  loan  and  lease  losses,  the 
Corporation also estimates probable losses related to unfunded 
lending  commitments,  such  as  letters  of  credit,  financial 
guarantees and binding unfunded loan commitments. Unfunded 
lending commitments are subject to individual reviews and are 
analyzed and segregated by risk according to the Corporation’s 
internal risk rating scale. These risk classifications, in conjunction 
with  an  analysis  of  historical  loss  experience,  utilization 
assumptions, current economic conditions, performance trends 
within the portfolio and any other pertinent information, result in 
the estimation of the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.
The allowance for credit losses related to the loan and lease 
portfolio is reported separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
whereas  the  reserve  for  unfunded  lending  commitments  is 
reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in accrued expenses 
and other liabilities. The provision for credit losses related to the 
loan and lease portfolio and unfunded lending commitments is 
reported in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Nonperforming Loans and Leases, Charge-offs and 
Delinquencies
Nonperforming  loans  and  leases  generally  include  loans  and 
leases  that  have  been  placed  on  nonaccrual  status.  Loans 
accounted for under the fair value option, PCI loans and LHFS are 
not reported as nonperforming.

In accordance with the Corporation’s policies, consumer real 
estate-secured loans, including residential mortgages and home 
equity  loans,  are  generally  placed  on  nonaccrual  status  and 
classified as nonperforming at 90 days past due unless repayment 
of the loan is insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) 
or through individually insured long-term standby agreements with 
Fannie  Mae  (FNMA)  or  Freddie  Mac  (FHLMC)  (the  fully-insured 

portfolio). Residential mortgage loans in the fully-insured portfolio 
are  not  placed  on  nonaccrual  status  and,  therefore,  are  not 
reported  as  nonperforming.  Junior-lien  home  equity  loans  are 
placed on nonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming when 
the underlying first-lien mortgage loan becomes 90 days past due 
even if the junior-lien loan is current. The outstanding balance of 
real  estate-secured  loans  that  is  in  excess  of  the  estimated 
property value less costs to sell is charged off no later than the 
end of the month in which the loan becomes 180 days past due 
unless the loan is fully insured, or for loans in bankruptcy, within 
60  days  of  receipt  of  notification  of  filing,  with  the  remaining 
balance classified as nonperforming.

Consumer loans secured by personal property, credit card loans 
and other unsecured consumer loans are not placed on nonaccrual 
status  prior  to  charge-off  and,  therefore,  are  not  reported  as 
nonperforming loans, except for certain secured consumer loans, 
including  those  that  have  been  modified  in  a  TDR.  Personal 
property-secured loans (including auto loans) are charged off to 
collateral value no later than the end of the month in which the 
account becomes 120 days past due, or upon repossession of an 
auto  or,  for  loans  in  bankruptcy,  within  60  days  of  receipt  of 
notification of filing. Credit card and other unsecured customer 
loans are charged off no later than the end of the month in which 
the account becomes 180 days past due or within 60 days after 
receipt of notification of death, bankruptcy or fraud.

Commercial loans and leases, excluding business card loans, 
that are past due 90 days or more as to principal or interest, or 
where reasonable doubt exists as to timely collection, including 
loans  that  are  individually  identified  as  being  impaired,  are 
generally  placed  on  nonaccrual  status  and  classified  as 
nonperforming  unless  well-secured  and  in  the  process  of 
collection.

Business card loans are charged off no later than the end of 
the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due or 
60 days after receipt of notification of death or bankruptcy. These 
loans are not placed on nonaccrual status prior to charge-off and, 
therefore,  are  not  reported  as  nonperforming  loans.  Other 
commercial loans and leases are generally charged off when all 
or  a  portion  of  the  principal  amount  is  determined  to  be 
uncollectible.

The entire balance of a consumer loan or commercial loan or 
lease is contractually delinquent if the minimum payment is not 
received  by  the  specified  due  date  on  the  customer’s  billing 
statement. Interest and fees continue to accrue on past due loans 
and leases until the date the loan is placed on nonaccrual status, 
if applicable. Accrued interest receivable is reversed when loans 
and leases are placed on nonaccrual status. Interest collections 
on  nonaccruing  loans  and  leases  for  which  the  ultimate 
collectability  of  principal  is  uncertain  are  applied  as  principal 
reductions;  otherwise,  such  collections  are  credited  to  income 
when received. Loans and leases may be restored to accrual status 
when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the 
remaining contractual principal and interest is expected.

PCI loans are recorded at fair value at the acquisition date. 
Although  the  PCI  loans  may  be  contractually  delinquent,  the 
Corporation does not classify these loans as nonperforming as 
the loans were written down to fair value at the acquisition date 
and the accretable yield is recognized in interest income over the 
remaining life  of the loan.  In addition, reported net charge-offs 
exclude write-offs on PCI loans as the fair value already considers 
the estimated credit losses.

Bank of America 2017     127 

Troubled Debt Restructurings
Consumer and commercial loans and leases whose contractual 
terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession 
to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties are classified as 
TDRs. Concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate 
to a rate that is below market on the loan, payment extensions, 
forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions designed to 
maximize collections. Loans that are carried at fair value, LHFS 
and PCI loans are not classified as TDRs.

Loans and leases whose contractual terms have been modified 
in a TDR and are current at the time of restructuring may remain 
on accrual status if there is demonstrated performance prior to 
the restructuring and payment in full under the restructured terms 
is expected. Otherwise, the loans are placed on nonaccrual status 
and reported as nonperforming, except for fully-insured consumer 
real estate loans, until there is sustained repayment performance 
for a reasonable period, generally six months. If accruing TDRs 
cease to perform in accordance with their modified contractual 
terms,  they  are  placed  on  nonaccrual  status  and  reported  as 
nonperforming TDRs.

Secured consumer loans that have been discharged in Chapter 
7 bankruptcy and have not been reaffirmed by the borrower are 
classified as TDRs at the time of discharge. Such loans are placed 
on nonaccrual status and written down to the estimated collateral 
value less costs to sell no later than at the time of discharge. If 
these  loans  are  contractually  current,  interest  collections  are 
generally recorded in interest income on a cash basis. Consumer 
real estate-secured loans for which a binding offer to restructure 
has been extended are also classified as TDRs. Credit card and 
other unsecured consumer loans that have been renegotiated in 
a TDR generally remain on accrual status until the loan is either 
paid in full or charged off, which occurs no later than the end of 
the month in which the loan becomes 180 days past due or, for 
loans that have been placed on a fixed payment plan, 120 days 
past due.

A  loan  that  had  previously  been  modified  in  a  TDR  and  is 
subsequently refinanced under current underwriting standards at 
a market rate with no concessionary terms is accounted for as a 
new loan and is no longer reported as a TDR.

Loans Held-for-sale
Loans  that  are  intended  to  be  sold  in  the  foreseeable  future, 
including residential mortgages, loan syndications, and to a lesser 
degree, commercial real estate, consumer finance and other loans, 
are reported as LHFS and are carried at the lower of aggregate 
cost  or  fair  value.  The  Corporation  accounts  for  certain  LHFS, 
including residential mortgage LHFS, under the fair value option. 
Loan  origination  costs  related  to  LHFS  that  the  Corporation 
accounts  for  under  the  fair  value  option  are  recognized  in 
noninterest  expense  when  incurred.  Loan  origination  costs  for 
LHFS carried at the lower of cost or fair value are capitalized as 
part of the carrying value of the loans and recognized as a reduction 
of noninterest income upon the sale of such loans. LHFS that are 
on  nonaccrual  status  and  are  reported  as  nonperforming,  as 
defined  in  the  policy  herein,  are  reported  separately  from 
nonperforming loans and leases.

Premises and Equipment
Premises  and  equipment  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated 
depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are 
recognized  using  the  straight-line  method  over  the  estimated 
useful lives of the assets. Estimated lives range up to 40 years 
for buildings, up to 12 years for furniture and equipment, and the 

128     Bank of America 2017

shorter  of  lease  term  or  estimated  useful  life  for  leasehold 
improvements.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill is the purchase premium after adjusting for the fair value 
of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed 
for potential impairment on an annual basis, or when events or 
circumstances indicate a potential impairment, at the reporting 
unit level. A reporting unit is a business segment or one level below 
a business segment. The Corporation compares the fair value of 
each reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill, as 
measured by allocated equity. For purposes of goodwill impairment 
testing, the Corporation utilizes allocated equity as a proxy for the 
carrying  value  of  its  reporting  units.  Allocated  equity  in  the 
reporting units is comprised of allocated capital plus capital for 
the portion of goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to the 
reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its 
carrying  value,  goodwill  of  the  reporting  unit  is  considered  not 
impaired;  however,  if  the  carrying  value  of  the  reporting  unit 
exceeds its fair value, an additional step must be performed to 
measure potential impairment.

This step involves calculating an implied fair value of goodwill 
which  is  the  excess  of  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit,  as 
determined in the first step, over the aggregate fair values of the 
assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting 
unit was being acquired in a business combination. If the implied 
fair value of goodwill exceeds the goodwill assigned to the reporting 
unit, there is no impairment. If the goodwill assigned to a reporting 
unit  exceeds  the  implied  fair  value  of  goodwill,  an  impairment 
charge is recorded for the excess. An impairment loss recognized 
cannot exceed the amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit. 
An impairment loss establishes a new basis in the goodwill and 
subsequent  reversals  of  goodwill  impairment  losses  are  not 
permitted under applicable accounting guidance.

For intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment 
loss is recognized if the carrying value of the intangible asset is 
not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying value of the 
intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the 
sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the 
use  of  the  asset.  Intangible  assets  deemed  to  have  indefinite 
useful lives are not subject to amortization. An impairment loss 
is recognized if the carrying value of the intangible asset with an 
indefinite life exceeds its fair value.

Variable Interest Entities
A  VIE  is  an  entity  that  lacks  equity  investors  or  whose  equity 
investors do not have a controlling financial interest in the entity 
through their equity investments. The Corporation consolidates a 
VIE if it has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that 
most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and an 
obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that 
could potentially be significant to the VIE. On a quarterly basis, 
the  Corporation  reassesses  its  involvement  with  the  VIE  and 
evaluates the impact of changes in governing documents and its 
financial interests in the VIE. The consolidation status of the VIEs 
with which the Corporation is involved may change as a result of 
such reassessments.

The  Corporation  primarily  uses  VIEs  for  its  securitization 
activities, in which the Corporation transfers whole loans or debt 
securities into a trust or other vehicle. When the Corporation is 
the servicer of whole loans held in a securitization trust, including 
non-agency residential mortgages, home equity loans, credit cards, 
and other loans, the Corporation has the power to direct the most 
significant activities of the trust. The Corporation generally does 

not have the power to direct the most significant activities of a 
residential mortgage agency trust except in certain circumstances 
in  which  the  Corporation  holds  substantially  all  of  the  issued 
securities and has the unilateral right to liquidate the trust. The 
power  to  direct  the  most  significant  activities  of  a  commercial 
mortgage  securitization  trust  is  typically  held  by  the  special 
servicer  or  by  the  party  holding  specific  subordinate  securities 
which  embody  certain  controlling  rights.  The  Corporation 
consolidates a whole-loan securitization trust if it has the power 
to direct the most significant activities and also holds securities 
issued by the trust or has other contractual arrangements, other 
than  standard  representations  and  warranties,  that  could 
potentially be significant to the trust.

The Corporation may also transfer trading account securities 
and AFS securities into municipal bond or resecuritization trusts. 
The Corporation consolidates a municipal bond or resecuritization 
trust if it has control over the ongoing activities of the trust such 
as the remarketing of the trust’s liabilities or, if there are no ongoing 
activities, sole discretion over the design of the trust, including 
the identification of securities to be transferred in and the structure 
of  securities  to  be  issued,  and  also  retains  securities  or  has 
liquidity or other commitments that could potentially be significant 
to the trust. The Corporation does not consolidate a municipal 
bond or resecuritization trust if one or a limited number of third-
party investors share responsibility for the design of the trust or 
have  control  over  the  significant  activities  of  the  trust  through 
liquidation or other substantive rights.

Other VIEs used by the Corporation include collateralized debt 
obligations  (CDOs),  investment  vehicles  created  on  behalf  of 
customers and other investment vehicles. The Corporation does 
not routinely serve as collateral manager for CDOs and, therefore, 
does not typically have the power to direct the activities that most 
significantly impact the economic performance of a CDO. However, 
following an event of default, if the Corporation is a majority holder 
of senior securities issued by a CDO and acquires the power to 
manage its assets, the Corporation consolidates the CDO.

The Corporation consolidates a customer or other investment 
vehicle if it has control over the initial design of the vehicle or 
manages the assets in the vehicle and also absorbs potentially 
significant gains or losses through an investment in the vehicle, 
derivative contracts or other arrangements. The Corporation does 
not consolidate an investment vehicle if a single investor controlled 
the  initial  design  of  the  vehicle  or  manages  the  assets  in  the 
vehicles or if the Corporation does not have a variable interest 
that could potentially be significant to the vehicle.

Retained interests in securitized assets are initially recorded 
at  fair  value.  In  addition,  the  Corporation  may  invest  in  debt 
securities issued by unconsolidated VIEs. Fair values of these debt 
securities, which are classified as trading account assets, debt 
securities  carried  at  fair  value  or  HTM  securities,  are  based 
primarily on quoted market prices in active or inactive markets. 
Generally, quoted market prices for retained residual interests are 
not  available;  therefore,  the  Corporation  estimates  fair  values 
based on the present value of the associated expected future cash 
flows.

Fair Value
The  Corporation  measures  the  fair  values  of  its  assets  and 
liabilities,  where  applicable,  in  accordance  with  accounting 
guidance that requires an entity to base fair value on exit price. 
Under this guidance, an entity is required to maximize the use of 
observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs 
in  measuring  fair  value.  A  hierarchy  is  established  which 
categorizes fair value measurements into three levels based on 

the inputs to the valuation technique with the highest priority given 
to  unadjusted  quoted  prices  in  active  markets  and  the  lowest 
priority given to unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes 
its fair value measurements of financial instruments based on this 
three-level hierarchy.

Level 1  Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include 
debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that 
are  traded  in  an  active  exchange  market,  as  well  as 
certain U.S. Treasury securities that are highly liquid and 
are actively traded in OTC markets.

than  exchange-traded 

Level 2  Observable  inputs  other  than  Level  1  prices,  such  as 
quoted  prices  for  similar  assets  or  liabilities,  quoted 
prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that 
are  observable  or  can  be  corroborated  by  observable 
market data for substantially the full term of the assets 
or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt 
securities  with  quoted  prices  that  are  traded  less 
frequently 
instruments  and 
derivative contracts where fair value is determined using 
a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the 
market or can be derived principally from or corroborated 
by  observable  market  data.  This  category  generally 
includes U.S. government and agency mortgage-backed 
(MBS) and asset-backed securities (ABS), corporate debt 
securities, derivative contracts, certain loans and LHFS.
Level 3  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no 
market activity and that are significant to the overall fair 
value  of  the  assets  or  liabilities.  Level  3  assets  and 
liabilities  include  financial  instruments  for  which  the 
determination  of 
requires  significant 
management judgment or estimation. The fair value for 
such assets and liabilities is generally determined using 
pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or 
similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a 
market  participant  would  use  in  pricing  the  asset  or 
liability.  This  category  generally  includes  retained 
residual  interests  in  securitizations,  consumer  MSRs, 
certain  ABS,  highly  structured,  complex  or  long-dated 
derivative contracts, certain loans and LHFS, IRLCs and 
certain  CDOs  where  independent  pricing  information 
cannot  be  obtained  for  a  significant  portion  of  the 
underlying assets.

fair  value 

Income Taxes
There are two components of income tax expense: current and 
deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or 
refunded  for  the  current  period.  Deferred  income  tax  expense 
results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between 
periods. These gross deferred tax assets and liabilities represent 
decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future 
because of future reversals of temporary differences in the bases 
of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their bases 
as reported in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets are 
also  recognized  for  tax  attributes  such  as  net  operating  loss 
carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Valuation allowances 
are  recorded  to  reduce  deferred  tax  assets  to  the  amounts 
management concludes are more-likely-than-not to be realized.

Income tax benefits are recognized and measured based upon 
a two-step model: first, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not 
to be sustained based solely on its technical merits in order to be 
recognized, and second, the benefit is measured as the largest 
dollar amount of that position that is more-likely-than-not to be 
sustained upon settlement. The difference between the benefit 

Bank of America 2017     129 

recognized and the tax benefit claimed on a tax return is referred 
to as an unrecognized tax benefit. The Corporation records income 
tax-related interest and penalties, if applicable, within income tax 
expense.

Revenue Recognition
Revenue  is  recorded  when  earned,  which  is  generally  over  the 
period  services  are  provided  and  no  contingencies  exist.  The 
following  summarizes  the  Corporation’s  revenue  recognition 
policies as they relate to certain noninterest income line items in 
the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Card income includes fees such as interchange, cash advance, 
annual, late, over-limit and other miscellaneous fees. Uncollected 
fees are included in customer card receivables balances with an 
amount recorded in the allowance for loan and lease losses for 
estimated  uncollectible  card  receivables.  Uncollected  fees  are 
written off when a card receivable reaches 180 days past due.

Service charges include fees for insufficient funds, overdrafts 
and  other  banking  services.  Uncollected  fees  are  included  in 
outstanding loan balances with an amount recorded for estimated 
uncollectible service fees receivable. Uncollected fees are written 
off when a fee receivable reaches 60 days past due.

Investment and brokerage services revenue consists primarily 
of  asset  management  fees  and  brokerage  income.  Asset 
management  fees  consist  primarily  of  fees  for  investment 
management and trust services and are generally based on the 
dollar amount of the assets being managed. Brokerage income 
generally includes commissions and fees earned on the sale of 
various financial products.

Investment banking income consists primarily of advisory and 
underwriting fees which are generally recognized net of any direct 
expenses. Non-reimbursed expenses are recorded as noninterest 
expense.

Earnings Per Common Share
Earnings  per  common  share  (EPS)  is  computed  by  dividing  net 
income  allocated  to  common  shareholders  by  the  weighted-
average common shares outstanding, excluding unvested common 
shares subject to repurchase or cancellation. Net income allocated 
to  common  shareholders  is  net  income  adjusted  for  preferred 
stock  dividends  including  dividends  declared,  accretion  of 
discounts on preferred stock including accelerated accretion when 
preferred stock is repaid early, and cumulative dividends related 
to the current dividend period that have not been declared as of 
period end, less income allocated to participating securities (see 
below for more information). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing 
income  allocated  to  common  shareholders  plus  dividends  on 

dilutive convertible preferred stock and preferred stock that can 
be tendered to exercise warrants, by the weighted-average common 
shares outstanding plus amounts representing the dilutive effect 
of  stock  options  outstanding,  restricted  stock,  restricted  stock 
units (RSUs), outstanding warrants and the dilution resulting from 
the conversion of convertible preferred stock, if applicable.

Foreign Currency Translation
Assets,  liabilities  and  operations  of  foreign  branches  and 
subsidiaries are recorded based on the functional currency of each 
entity. When the functional currency of a foreign operation is the 
local currency, the assets, liabilities and operations are translated, 
for consolidation purposes, from the local currency to the U.S. 
dollar  reporting  currency  at  period-end  rates  for  assets  and 
liabilities and generally at average rates for results of operations. 
The  resulting  unrealized  gains  and  losses  are  reported  as  a 
component  of  accumulated  OCI,  net-of-tax.  When  the  foreign 
entity’s  functional  currency  is  the  U.S.  dollar,  the  resulting 
remeasurement gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated 
assets or liabilities are included in earnings.

Credit Card and Deposit Arrangements

Endorsing Organization Agreements
The Corporation contracts with other organizations to obtain their 
endorsement of the Corporation’s loan and deposit products. This 
endorsement may provide to the Corporation exclusive rights to 
market to the organization’s members or to customers on behalf 
of the Corporation. These organizations endorse the Corporation’s 
loan and deposit products and provide the Corporation with their 
mailing lists and marketing activities. These agreements generally 
have terms that range five or more years. The Corporation typically 
pays royalties in exchange for the endorsement. Compensation 
costs related to the credit card agreements are recorded as contra-
revenue in card income.

Cardholder Reward Agreements
The Corporation offers reward programs that allow its cardholders 
to earn points that can be redeemed for a broad range of rewards 
including cash, travel and gift cards. The Corporation establishes 
a rewards liability based upon the points earned that are expected 
to be redeemed and the average cost per point redeemed. The 
points to be redeemed are estimated based on past redemption 
behavior, card product type, account transaction activity and other 
historical card performance. The liability is reduced as the points 
are  redeemed.  The  estimated  cost  of  the  rewards  programs  is 
recorded as contra-revenue in card income.

130     Bank of America 2017

NOTE 2 Derivatives

Derivative Balances
Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading or 
to support risk management activities. Derivatives used in risk 
management activities include derivatives that may or may not be 
designated 
relationships. 
Derivatives that are not designated in qualifying hedge accounting 
relationships are referred to as other risk management derivatives. 
For more information on the Corporation’s derivatives and hedging 

in  qualifying  hedge  accounting 

activities,  see  Note  1  –  Summary  of  Significant  Accounting 
Principles.  The  following  tables  present  derivative  instruments 
included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in derivative assets 
and  liabilities  at  December  31,  2017  and  2016.  Balances  are 
presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty 
and cash collateral netting. Total derivative assets and liabilities 
are adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the 
effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and have 
been reduced by the cash collateral received or paid.

Gross Derivative Assets

Gross Derivative Liabilities

December 31, 2017

Trading and
Other Risk

Management
Derivatives

Qualifying
Accounting

Hedges

Total

Trading and
Other Risk

Management
Derivatives

Qualifying
Accounting

Hedges

Total

(Dollars in billions)
Interest rate contracts

Swaps (2)
Futures and forwards (2)
Written options
Purchased options

Foreign exchange contracts

Swaps
Spot, futures and forwards
Written options
Purchased options

Equity contracts

Swaps
Futures and forwards
Written options
Purchased options
Commodity contracts

Swaps
Futures and forwards
Written options
Purchased options
Credit derivatives (3)

Purchased credit derivatives:

Credit default swaps (2)
Total return swaps/options

Written credit derivatives:
Credit default swaps (2)
Total return swaps/options

Contract/
Notional (1)

 
$ 15,416.4
4,332.4
1,170.5
1,184.5

2,011.1
3,543.3
291.8
271.9

265.6
106.9
480.8
428.2
 
46.1
47.1
21.7
22.9
 
 
470.9
54.1

448.2
55.2

Gross derivative assets/liabilities

Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements (2)
Less: Cash collateral received/paid (2)
Total derivative assets/liabilities

$

 
 
 

$

$

 
175.1
0.5
—
37.6

35.6
39.1
—
4.6
 
4.8
1.5
—
24.7
 
1.8
3.5
—
1.4
 
 
4.1
0.1

$

10.6
0.8
345.8
 
 
 

$

 
2.9
—
—
—
 
2.2
0.7
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
 
—
—
 
—
—
5.8
 
 
  $

$

$

 
178.0
0.5
—
37.6
 
37.8
39.8
—
4.6
 
4.8
1.5
—
24.7
 
1.8
3.5
—
1.4
 

4.1
0.1

$

10.6
0.8
351.6
(279.2)
(34.6)
37.8

$

$

 
172.5
0.5
35.5
—
 
36.1
39.1
5.1
—
 
4.4
0.9
23.9
—
 
4.6
0.6
1.4
—
 
 
11.1
1.3

3.6
0.2
340.8
 
 
 

$

 
1.7
—
—
—
 
2.7
0.8
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
 
—
—
 
—
—
5.2
 
 
  $

$

 
174.2
0.5
35.5
—
 
38.8
39.9
5.1
—
 
4.4
0.9
23.9
—
 
4.6
0.6
1.4
—
 

11.1
1.3

3.6
0.2
346.0
(279.2)
(32.5)
34.3

(1)  Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.
(2)  Derivative assets and liabilities reflect the effects of contractual amendments by two central clearing counterparties to legally re-characterize daily cash variation margin from collateral, which secures 
an outstanding exposure, to settlement, which discharges an outstanding exposure. One of these central clearing counterparties amended its governing documents, which became effective in January 
2017. In addition, the Corporation elected to transfer its existing positions to the settlement platform for the other central clearing counterparty in September 2017.

(3)  The net derivative asset and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were $6.4 billion and 

$435.1 billion at December 31, 2017. 

Bank of America 2017     131 

$

(Dollars in billions)
Interest rate contracts

Swaps
Futures and forwards
Written options
Purchased options

Foreign exchange contracts

Swaps
Spot, futures and forwards
Written options
Purchased options

Equity contracts

Swaps
Futures and forwards
Written options
Purchased options
Commodity contracts

Swaps
Futures and forwards
Written options
Purchased options
Credit derivatives (2)

Purchased credit derivatives:

Credit default swaps
Total return swaps/options

Written credit derivatives:

Credit default swaps
Total return swaps/options

Contract/
Notional (1)

 
$ 16,977.7
5,609.5
1,146.2
1,178.7

1,828.6
3,410.7
356.6
342.4
 
189.7
68.7
431.5
385.5
 
48.2
49.1
29.3
28.9
 
 
604.0
21.2
 
614.4
25.4

Gross derivative assets/liabilities

Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements
Less: Cash collateral received/paid

Total derivative assets/liabilities

  $
 
 
 

Gross Derivative Assets

Gross Derivative Liabilities

December 31, 2016

Trading and
Other Risk
Management
Derivatives

Qualifying
Accounting

Hedges

Total

Trading and
Other Risk
Management
Derivatives

Qualifying
Accounting

Hedges

Total

$

$

 
385.0
2.2
—
53.3
 
54.6
58.8
—
8.9
 
3.4
0.9
—
23.9
 
2.5
3.6
—
2.0
 
 
8.1
0.4
 
10.7
1.0
619.3
 
 
 

$

 
5.9
—
—
—
 
4.2
1.7
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
 
—
—
 
—
—
11.8
 
 
  $

$

$

$

 
390.9
2.2
—
53.3
 
58.8
60.5
—
8.9
 
3.4
0.9
—
23.9
 
2.5
3.6
—
2.0
 
 
8.1
0.4
 
10.7
1.0
631.1
(545.3)
(43.3)
42.5

$

$

 
386.9
2.1
52.2
—
 
58.8
56.6
9.4
—
 
4.0
0.9
21.4
—
 
5.1
0.5
1.9
—
 
 
10.3
1.5

7.5
0.2
619.3
 
 
 

$

 
2.0
—
—
—
 
6.2
0.8
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
—
—
—
—
 
 
—
—
 
—
—
9.0
 
 
  $

$

 
388.9
2.1
52.2
—
 
65.0
57.4
9.4
—
 
4.0
0.9
21.4
—
 
5.1
0.5
1.9
—
 
 
10.3
1.5
 
7.5
0.2
628.3
(545.3)
(43.5)
39.5

(1)  Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.
(2)  The net derivative asset and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were $2.2 billion and 

$548.9 billion at December 31, 2016.

Offsetting of Derivatives
The Corporation enters into International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association,  Inc.  (ISDA)  master  netting  agreements  or  similar 
agreements with substantially all of the Corporation’s derivative 
counterparties. Where legally enforceable, these master netting 
agreements give the Corporation, in the event of default by the 
counterparty, the right to liquidate securities held as collateral and 
to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. 
For purposes of the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Corporation 
offsets derivative assets and liabilities and cash collateral held 
with the same counterparty where it has such a legally enforceable 
master netting agreement. 

The following table presents derivative instruments included 
in derivative assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance 

Sheet  at  December  31,  2017  and  2016  by  primary  risk  (e.g., 
interest rate risk) and the platform, where applicable, on which 
these derivatives are transacted. Balances are presented on a 
gross  basis,  prior  to  the  application  of  counterparty  and  cash 
collateral netting. Total gross derivative assets and liabilities are 
adjusted  on  an  aggregate  basis  to  take  into  consideration  the 
effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements which 
includes reducing the balance for counterparty netting and cash 
collateral received or paid.

For  more  information  on  offsetting  of  securities  financing 
agreements,  see  Note  10  –  Federal  Funds  Sold  or  Purchased, 
Securities Financing Agreements and Short-term Borrowings.

132     Bank of America 2017

Offsetting of Derivatives (1)

(Dollars in billions)
Interest rate contracts

Over-the-counter
Over-the-counter cleared (2)

Foreign exchange contracts

Over-the-counter
Over-the-counter cleared

Equity contracts

Over-the-counter
Exchange-traded

Commodity contracts

Over-the-counter
Exchange-traded
Credit derivatives
Over-the-counter
Over-the-counter cleared (2)

Total gross derivative assets/liabilities, before netting

Over-the-counter
Exchange-traded
Over-the-counter cleared (2)

Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral received/paid

Derivative 

Assets

Derivative
Liabilities

Derivative 

Assets

Derivative
Liabilities

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

$

 
211.7
1.9

$

 
206.0
1.8

$

78.7
0.9

18.3
9.1

2.9
0.7

9.1
6.1

320.7
9.8
8.9

80.8
0.7

16.2
8.5

4.4
0.8

9.6
6.0

317.0
9.3
8.5

$

 
267.3
177.2

124.3
0.3

15.6
11.4

3.7
1.1

15.3
4.3

426.2
12.5
181.8

 
258.2
182.8

126.7
0.3

13.7
10.8

4.9
1.0

14.7
4.3

418.2
11.8
187.4

Derivative assets/liabilities, after netting

Over-the-counter
Exchange-traded
Over-the-counter cleared (2)

(392.6)
(8.9)
(187.3)
28.6
10.9
39.5
(10.5)
29.0
Total net derivative assets/liabilities
(1)  OTC derivatives include bilateral transactions between the Corporation and a particular counterparty. OTC-cleared derivatives include bilateral transactions between the Corporation and a counterparty 

(398.2)
(8.9)
(181.5)
31.9
10.6
42.5
(13.5)
29.0

(294.6)
(8.6)
(8.5)
23.1
11.2
34.3
(10.4)
23.9

(296.9)
(8.6)
(8.3)
25.6
12.2
37.8
(11.2)
26.6

Other gross derivative assets/liabilities (3)

Less: Financial instruments collateral (4)

Total derivative assets/liabilities

$

$

$

$

where the transaction is cleared through a clearinghouse, and exchange-traded derivatives include listed options transacted on an exchange.

(2)  Derivative assets and liabilities reflect the effects of contractual amendments by two central clearing counterparties to legally re-characterize daily cash variation margin from collateral, which secures 
an outstanding exposure, to settlement, which discharges an outstanding exposure. One of these central clearing counterparties amended its governing documents, which became effective in January 
2017. In addition, the Corporation elected to transfer its existing positions to the settlement platform for the other central clearing counterparty in September 2017.

(3)  Consists of derivatives entered into under master netting agreements where the enforceability of these agreements is uncertain under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries. 
(4)  Amounts are limited to the derivative asset/liability balance and, accordingly, do not include excess collateral received/pledged. Financial instruments collateral includes securities collateral received 
or pledged and cash securities held and posted at third-party custodians that are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but shown as a reduction to derive net derivative assets and liabilities.

ALM and Risk Management Derivatives
The Corporation’s ALM and risk management activities include the 
use  of  derivatives  to  mitigate  risk  to  the  Corporation  including 
derivatives  designated 
in  qualifying  hedge  accounting 
relationships  and  derivatives  used  in  other  risk  management 
activities. Interest rate, foreign exchange, equity, commodity and 
credit  contracts  are  utilized  in  the  Corporation’s  ALM  and  risk 
management activities. 

The  Corporation  maintains  an  overall  interest  rate  risk 
management strategy that incorporates the use of interest rate 
contracts, which are generally non-leveraged generic interest rate 
and  basis  swaps,  options,  futures  and  forwards,  to  minimize 
significant  fluctuations  in  earnings  caused  by  interest  rate 
volatility.  The  Corporation’s  goal  is  to  manage  interest  rate 
sensitivity and volatility so that movements in interest rates do 
not significantly adversely affect earnings or capital. As a result 
of interest rate fluctuations, hedged fixed-rate assets and liabilities 
appreciate  or  depreciate  in  fair  value.  Gains  or  losses  on  the 
derivative  instruments  that  are  linked  to  the  hedged  fixed-rate 
assets  and  liabilities  are  expected  to  substantially  offset  this 
unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 

Market risk, including interest rate risk, can be substantial in 
the mortgage business. Market risk in the mortgage business is 
the  risk  that  values  of  mortgage  assets  or  revenues  will  be 
adversely  affected  by  changes  in  market  conditions  such  as 
interest  rate  movements.  To  mitigate  the  interest  rate  risk  in 
mortgage  banking  production  income,  the  Corporation  utilizes 
forward loan sale commitments and other derivative instruments, 
including  purchased  options,  and  certain  debt  securities.  The 
Corporation also utilizes derivatives such as interest rate options, 
interest rate swaps, forward settlement contracts and eurodollar 
futures  to  hedge  certain  market  risks  of  MSRs.  For  more 
information on MSRs, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.

The Corporation uses foreign exchange contracts to manage 
the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency-
denominated assets and liabilities, as well as the Corporation’s 
investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. Foreign exchange contracts, 
which include spot and forward contracts, represent agreements 
to exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another 
country  at  an  agreed-upon  price  on  an  agreed-upon  settlement 
date. Exposure to loss on these contracts will increase or decrease 
over their respective lives as currency exchange and interest rates 
fluctuate.

 

Bank of America 2017     133 

The Corporation purchases credit derivatives to manage credit risk 
related to certain funded and unfunded credit exposures. Credit 
derivatives include credit default swaps (CDS), total return swaps 
and  swaptions.  These  derivatives  are 
the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value with changes in fair value 
recorded in other income.

recorded  on 

Derivatives Designated as Accounting Hedges
The Corporation uses various types of interest rate, commodity 
and  foreign  exchange  derivative  contracts  to  protect  against 
changes  in  the  fair  value  of  its  assets  and  liabilities  due  to 
fluctuations  in  interest  rates,  commodity  prices  and  exchange 
rates (fair value hedges). The Corporation also uses these types 
of contracts and equity derivatives to protect against changes in 
the cash flows of its assets and liabilities, and other forecasted 
transactions (cash flow hedges). The Corporation hedges its net 
investment  in  consolidated  non-U.S.  operations  determined  to 

have functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar using forward 
exchange  contracts  and  cross-currency  basis  swaps,  and  by 
issuing  foreign  currency-denominated  debt  (net  investment 
hedges).

Fair Value Hedges
The following table summarizes information related to fair value 
hedges for 2017, 2016 and 2015, including hedges of interest 
rate risk on long-term debt that were acquired as part of a business 
combination and redesignated at that time. At redesignation, the 
fair value of the derivatives was positive. As the derivatives mature, 
the fair value will approach zero. As a result, ineffectiveness will 
occur and the fair value changes in the derivatives and the long-
term debt being hedged may be directionally the same in certain 
scenarios.  Based  on  a  regression  analysis,  the  derivatives 
continue to be highly effective at offsetting changes in the fair 
value of the long-term debt attributable to interest rate risk.

Derivatives Designated as Fair Value Hedges

Gains (Losses)
(Dollars in millions)
Interest rate risk on long-term debt (1)
Interest rate and foreign currency risk on long-term debt (1)
Interest rate risk on available-for-sale securities (2)

Total

Derivative

Hedged Item

Hedge Ineffectiveness

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$ (1,537) $ (1,488) $

1,811
(67)
207

$

(941)
227

(718) $ 1,045
(1,767)
35

(1,898)
105

$

646
944
(286)
(687) $ 1,304

$

(77) $

(492) $

(842) $

1,812
(127)
$ 1,608

44
(32)

3
(59)

$

(480) $

(898) $

(795)
(86)
(22)
(903)

$ (2,202) $ (2,511) $

(1)  Amounts are recorded in interest expense on long-term debt and in other income.
(2)  Amounts are recorded in interest income on debt securities.

Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges
The table below summarizes certain information related to cash 
flow  hedges  and  net  investment  hedges  for  2017,  2016,  and 
2015. Of the $831 million after-tax net loss ($1.3 billion pre-tax) 
on derivatives in accumulated OCI at December 31, 2017, $130 
million after-tax ($208 million pre-tax) is expected to be reclassified 
into earnings in the next 12 months. These net losses reclassified 
into earnings are expected to primarily reduce net interest income 

related to the respective hedged items. Amounts related to price 
risk on restricted stock awards reclassified from accumulated OCI 
are  recorded  in  personnel  expense.  For  terminated  cash  flow 
hedges, the time period over which the majority of the forecasted 
transactions  are  hedged  is  approximately  seven  years,  with  a 
maximum length of time for certain forecasted transactions of 19
years.

Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges

(Dollars in millions, amounts pre-tax)
Cash flow hedges

Interest rate risk on variable-rate portfolios
Price risk on certain restricted stock awards (1)

Total (2)

Net investment hedges

Foreign exchange risk (3)

Gains (Losses) Recognized in 
Accumulated OCI on Derivatives

Gains (Losses) in Income

Reclassified from Accumulated OCI

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

(109) $

59
(50) $

 

(1,588) $

(340) $

41

(299) $

 
1,636

$

95
(40)
55
 
3,010

$

$

$

(327) $
148
(179) $

 
1,782

$

(553) $

(32)

(585) $

 
3

$

 
(974)
91
(883)

153

(3) 

(1)  Gains (losses) recognized in accumulated OCI are primarily related to the change in the Corporation’s stock price for the period.
(2) 

In 2017, 2016 and 2015, amounts representing hedge ineffectiveness were not significant. 
In 2017, substantially all of the gains in income reclassified from accumulated OCI were comprised of the gain recognized on derivatives used to hedge the currency risk of the Corporation’s net 
investment in its non-U.S. consumer credit card business, which was sold in 2017. For more information, see Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). In 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
amounts excluded from effectiveness testing in total were $120 million, $325 million and $298 million.

134     Bank of America 2017

Other Risk Management Derivatives
Other risk management derivatives are used by the Corporation 
to  reduce  certain  risk  exposures.  These  derivatives  are  not 
qualifying accounting hedges because either they did not qualify 
for or were not designated as accounting hedges. The table below 
presents gains (losses) on these derivatives for 2017, 2016 and 
2015. These gains (losses) are largely offset by the income or 
expense that is recorded on the hedged item.

Other Risk Management Derivatives

Gains (Losses)
(Dollars in millions)
Interest rate risk on mortgage banking 

income (1)

Credit risk on loans (2)
Interest rate and foreign currency risk on 

ALM activities (3)

Price risk on certain restricted stock 

2017

2016

2015

$

$

8
(6)

(36)

$

461
(107)

(754)

254
(22)

(222)

301

awards (4)

(267)
(1)  Net gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in mortgage banking income as they are 
used to mitigate the interest rate risk related to MSRs, IRLCs and mortgage LHFS, all of which 
are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in mortgage banking income. 
The fair value of IRLCs is derived from the fair value of related mortgage loans which is based 
on observable market data and includes the expected net future cash flows related to servicing 
of the loans. The net gains on IRLCs related to the origination of mortgage loans that are held-
for-sale, which are not included in the table but are considered derivative instruments, were 
$220 million, $533 million and $714 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

9

(2)  Primarily related to derivatives that are economic hedges of credit risk on loans. Net gains 

(losses) on these derivatives are recorded in other income.

(3)  Primarily related to hedges of debt securities carried at fair value and hedges of foreign currency-
denominated  debt.  Gains  (losses)  on  these  derivatives  and  the  related  hedged  items  are 
recorded in other income.

(4)  Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in personnel expense.

Transfers of Financial Assets with Risk Retained 
through Derivatives
The  Corporation  enters  into  certain  transactions  involving  the 
transfer of financial assets that are accounted for as sales where 
substantially  all  of  the  economic  exposure  to  the  transferred 
financial assets is retained through derivatives (e.g., interest rate 
and/or credit), but the Corporation does not retain control over 
the assets transferred. Through December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
the Corporation transferred $6.0 billion and $6.6 billion of non-
U.S.  government-guaranteed  MBS  to  a  third-party  trust  and 
retained  economic  exposure  to  the  transferred  assets  through 
derivative  contracts.  In  connection  with  these  transfers,  the 

 

Corporation received gross cash proceeds of $6.0 billion and $6.6 
billion at the transfer dates. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
the fair value of the transferred securities was $6.1 billion and 
$6.3 billion. Derivative assets of $46 million and $43 million and 
liabilities of $3 million and $10 million were recorded at December 
31, 2017 and 2016, and are included in credit derivatives in the 
derivative instruments table on page 131. 

Sales and Trading Revenue
The Corporation enters into trading derivatives to facilitate client 
transactions and to manage risk exposures arising from trading 
account  assets  and  liabilities.  It  is  the  Corporation’s  policy  to 
include these derivative instruments in its trading activities which 
include  derivatives  and  non-derivative  cash  instruments.  The 
resulting risk from these derivatives is managed on a portfolio 
basis  as  part  of  the  Corporation’s  Global  Markets  business 
segment. The related sales and trading revenue generated within 
Global Markets is recorded in various income statement line items 
including trading account profits and net interest income as well 
as other revenue categories. 

Sales and trading revenue includes changes in the fair value 
and realized gains and losses on the sales of trading and other 
assets, net interest income, and fees primarily from commissions 
on equity securities. Revenue is generated by the difference in the 
client price for an instrument and the price at which the trading 
desk  can  execute  the  trade  in  the  dealer  market.  For  equity 
securities,  commissions  related  to  purchases  and  sales  are 
recorded in the “Other” column in the Sales and Trading Revenue 
table. Changes in the fair value of these securities are included 
in trading account profits. For debt securities, revenue, with the 
exception  of  interest  associated  with  the  debt  securities,  is 
typically included in trading account profits. Unlike commissions 
for equity securities, the initial revenue related to broker-dealer 
services for debt securities is typically included in the pricing of 
the instrument rather than being charged through separate fee 
arrangements.  Therefore,  this  revenue  is  recorded  in  trading 
account  profits  as  part  of  the  initial  mark  to  fair  value.  For 
derivatives, the majority of revenue is included in trading account 
profits. In transactions where the Corporation acts as agent, which 
include exchange-traded futures and options, fees are recorded in 
other income.

Bank of America 2017     135 

The  table  below,  which  includes  both  derivatives  and  non-
derivative  cash  instruments,  identifies  the  amounts  in  the 
respective  income  statement  line  items  attributable  to  the 
Corporation’s  sales  and  trading  revenue  in  Global  Markets, 
categorized  by  primary  risk,  for  2017,  2016  and  2015.  The 
difference between total trading account profits in the following 

table and in the Consolidated Statement of Income represents 
trading activities in business segments other than Global Markets. 
This table includes DVA and funding valuation adjustment (FVA) 
gains  (losses).  Global  Markets  results  in  Note  23  –  Business 
Segment Information are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent 
(FTE) basis. The following table is not presented on an FTE basis. 

Sales and Trading Revenue

(Dollars in millions)
Interest rate risk
Foreign exchange risk
Equity risk
Credit risk
Other risk

Total sales and trading revenue

Interest rate risk
Foreign exchange risk
Equity risk
Credit risk
Other risk

Total sales and trading revenue

Trading

Account Profits

Net Interest

Income

Other (1)

Total

$

$

$

$

1,145
1,417
2,689
1,251
204
6,706

1,613
1,360
1,917
1,250
407
6,547

$

$

$

$

2017
$

980
(1)
(525)
2,537
33
3,024

1,410
(10)
20
2,569
(20)
3,969

2016
$

$

$

417
(162)
1,904
577
75
2,811

304
(154)
2,074
424
40
2,688

$

$

$

$

2,542
1,254
4,068
4,365
312
12,541

3,327
1,196
4,011
4,243
427
13,204

Interest rate risk
Foreign exchange risk
Equity risk
Credit risk
Other risk

2,364
1,195
4,323
3,698
440
12,020
(1)  Represents amounts in investment and brokerage services and other income that are recorded in Global Markets and included in the definition of sales and trading revenue. Includes investment and 

(259) $
(117)
2,152
445
62
2,283

1,333
(10)
56
2,333
(81)
3,631

1,290
1,322
2,115
920
459
6,106

Total sales and trading revenue

$

$

$

$

$

$

2015
$

brokerage services revenue of $2.0 billion, $2.1 billion, and $2.2 billion for 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 

Credit Derivatives
The Corporation enters into credit derivatives primarily to facilitate 
client transactions and to manage credit risk exposures. Credit 
derivatives  derive  value  based  on  an  underlying  third-party 
referenced obligation or a portfolio of referenced obligations and 
generally require the Corporation, as the seller of credit protection, 
to make payments to a buyer upon the occurrence of a pre-defined 
credit event. Such credit events generally include bankruptcy of 
the referenced credit entity and failure to pay under the obligation, 

as well as acceleration of indebtedness and payment repudiation 
or  moratorium.  For  credit  derivatives  based  on  a  portfolio  of 
referenced credits or credit indices, the Corporation may not be 
required to make payment until a specified amount of loss has 
occurred and/or may only be required to make payment up to a 
specified amount.

Credit  derivative  instruments  where  the  Corporation  is  the 
seller of credit protection and their expiration at December 31, 
2017 and 2016 are summarized in the following table. 

136     Bank of America 2017

Credit Derivative Instruments

Less than
One Year

One to

Three Years

Three to
Five Years

Over Five

Years

Total

December 31, 2017

(Dollars in millions)
Credit default swaps:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total

Total return swaps/options:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total
Total credit derivatives

Credit-related notes:
Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total credit-related notes

Credit default swaps:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total

Total return swaps/options:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total
Total credit derivatives

Credit default swaps:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total

Total return swaps/options:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total
Total credit derivatives

Credit-related notes:
Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total credit-related notes

Credit default swaps:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total

Total return swaps/options:

Investment grade
Non-investment grade

Total
Total credit derivatives

 

 

 
4
203
207
 
30
150
180
387
 

$

$

— $
12
12

$

 
61,388
39,312
100,700
 
37,394
13,751
51,145
151,845

10
771
781
 
16
127
143
924
 

$

$

$

$

— $
70
70

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
3
453
456
 
—
—
—
456
 

$

Carrying Value
 
61
484
545
 
—
—
—
545
 
7
34
41

$

$

$

$

$

— $
4
4

$

Maximum Payout/Notional

 
115,480
49,843
165,323
 
2,581
514
3,095
168,418

$

$

 
107,081
39,098
146,179
 
—
143
143
146,322

$

$

December 31, 2016

Carrying Value

$

$

64
1,053
1,117
 
—
10
10
1,127
 
12
22
34
Maximum Payout/Notional

535
908
1,443
 
—
2
2
1,445
 
542
60
602

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
245
2,133
2,378
 
—
3
3
2,381
 
689
1,548
2,237

 
21,579
14,420
35,999
 
143
697
840
36,839

783
3,339
4,122
 
—
1
1
4,123
 
1,423
1,318
2,741

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
313
3,273
3,586
 
30
153
183
3,769
 
696
1,598
2,294

 
305,528
142,673
448,201
 
40,118
15,105
55,223
503,424

1,392
6,071
7,463
 
16
140
156
7,619
 
1,977
1,470
3,447

$ 121,083
84,755
205,838
 
12,792
6,638
19,430
$ 225,268

$ 143,200
67,160
210,360
 
—
5,127
5,127
$ 215,487

$ 116,540
41,001
157,541
 
—
589
589
$ 158,130

$

$

21,905
18,711
40,616
 
—
208
208
40,824

$ 402,728
211,627
614,355
 
12,792
12,562
25,354
$ 639,709

Credit  derivatives  are  classified  as  investment  and  non-
investment  grade  based  on  the  credit  quality  of  the  underlying 
referenced obligation. The Corporation considers ratings of BBB- 
or higher as investment grade. Non-investment grade includes non-
rated  credit  derivative  instruments.  The  Corporation  discloses 
internal categorizations of investment grade and non-investment 
grade consistent with how risk is managed for these instruments.
The notional amount represents the maximum amount payable 
by  the  Corporation  for  most  credit  derivatives.  However,  the 
Corporation does not monitor its exposure to credit derivatives 
based solely on the notional amount because this measure does 

not take into consideration the probability of occurrence. As such, 
the notional amount is not a reliable indicator of the Corporation’s 
exposure to these contracts. Instead, a risk framework is used to 
define risk tolerances and establish limits so that certain credit 
risk-related losses occur within acceptable, predefined limits.

Credit-related notes in the table above include investments in 
securities issued by CDO, collateralized loan obligation (CLO) and 
credit-linked  note  vehicles.  These  instruments  are  primarily 
classified  as  trading  securities.  The  carrying  value  of  these 
instruments equals the Corporation’s maximum exposure to loss. 

Bank of America 2017     137 

certain subsidiaries could be required to post to counterparties 
but had not yet posted to counterparties was approximately $3.2 
billion,  including  $2.1  billion  for  Bank  of  America,  National 
Association (Bank of America, N.A. or BANA). 

Some  counterparties  are  currently  able  to  unilaterally 
terminate  certain  contracts,  or  the  Corporation  or  certain 
subsidiaries may be required to take other action such as find a 
suitable  replacement  or  obtain  a  guarantee.  At  December  31, 
2017 and 2016, the liability recorded for these derivative contracts 
was not significant.

The following table presents the amount of additional collateral 
that would have been contractually required by derivative contracts 
and other trading agreements at December 31, 2017 if the rating 
agencies had downgraded their long-term senior debt ratings for 
the Corporation or certain subsidiaries by one incremental notch 
and by an additional second incremental notch.

Additional Collateral Required to be Posted Upon
Downgrade at December 31, 2017

(Dollars in millions)
Bank of America Corporation
Bank of America, N.A. and subsidiaries (1)
(1) 

779 $
391
Included in Bank of America Corporation collateral requirements in this table.

$

487
230

One 

Second

incremental 

incremental 

notch

notch

The table below presents the derivative liabilities that would 
be  subject  to  unilateral  termination  by  counterparties  and  the 
amounts of collateral that would have been contractually required 
at December 31, 2017 if the long-term senior debt ratings for the 
Corporation  or  certain  subsidiaries  had  been  lower  by  one 
incremental notch and by an additional second incremental notch.

Derivative Liabilities Subject to Unilateral Termination
Upon Downgrade at December 31, 2017

(Dollars in millions)
Derivative liabilities
Collateral posted

One 

Second

incremental 

incremental 

notch

notch

$

428 $
339

1,163
800

The  Corporation  is  not  obligated  to  make  any  payments  to  the 
entities under the terms of the securities owned.

Credit-related Contingent Features and Collateral
The Corporation executes the majority of its derivative contracts 
in the OTC market with large, international financial institutions, 
including broker-dealers and, to a lesser degree, with a variety of 
non-financial companies. A significant majority of the derivative 
transactions  are  executed  on  a  daily  margin  basis.  Therefore, 
events  such  as  a  credit  rating  downgrade  (depending  on  the 
ultimate rating level) or a breach of credit covenants would typically 
require  an  increase  in  the  amount  of  collateral  required  of  the 
counterparty, where applicable, and/or allow the Corporation to 
take additional protective measures such as early termination of 
all  trades.  Further,  as  previously  discussed  on  page  132,  the 
Corporation  enters  into  legally  enforceable  master  netting 
agreements which reduce risk by permitting closeout and netting 
of transactions with the same counterparty upon the occurrence 
of certain events.

A  majority  of  the  Corporation’s  derivative  contracts  contain 
credit risk-related contingent features, primarily in the form of ISDA 
master netting agreements and credit support documentation that 
enhance the creditworthiness of these instruments compared to 
other obligations of the respective counterparty with whom the 
Corporation has transacted. These contingent features may be for 
the benefit of the Corporation as well as its counterparties with 
respect to changes in the Corporation’s creditworthiness and the 
mark-to-market  exposure  under  the  derivative  transactions.  At 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Corporation held cash and 
securities collateral of $77.2 billion and $85.5 billion, and posted 
cash and securities collateral of $59.2 billion and $71.1 billion in 
the  normal  course  of  business  under  derivative  agreements, 
excluding cross-product margining agreements where clients are 
permitted to margin on a net basis for both derivative and secured 
financing arrangements.

In connection with certain OTC derivative contracts and other 
trading agreements, the Corporation can be required to provide 
additional  collateral  or  to  terminate  transactions  with  certain 
counterparties  in  the  event  of  a  downgrade  of  the  senior  debt 
ratings of the Corporation or certain subsidiaries. The amount of 
additional  collateral  required  depends  on  the  contract  and  is 
usually a fixed incremental amount and/or the market value of the 
exposure.

At December 31, 2017, the amount of collateral, calculated 
based on the terms of the contracts, that the Corporation and 

138     Bank of America 2017

Valuation Adjustments on Derivatives
The  Corporation  records  credit  risk  valuation  adjustments  on 
derivatives  in  order  to  properly  reflect  the  credit  quality  of  the 
counterparties  and  its  own  credit  quality.  The  Corporation 
calculates  valuation  adjustments  on  derivatives  based  on  a 
modeled expected exposure that incorporates current market risk 
factors.  The  exposure  also  takes  into  consideration  credit 
mitigants  such  as  enforceable  master  netting  agreements  and 
collateral.  CDS  spread  data  is  used  to  estimate  the  default 
probabilities  and  severities  that  are  applied  to  the  exposures. 
Where  no  observable  credit  default  data  is  available  for 
counterparties,  the  Corporation  uses  proxies  and  other  market 
data to estimate default probabilities and severity.

Valuation adjustments on derivatives are affected by changes 
in  market  spreads,  non-credit  related  market  factors  such  as 
interest  rate  and  currency  changes  that  affect  the  expected 
exposure,  and  other 
in  collateral 
arrangements and partial payments. Credit spreads and non-credit 
factors can move independently. For example, for an interest rate 
swap,  changes  in  interest  rates  may  increase  the  expected 
exposure, which would increase the counterparty credit valuation 
adjustment (CVA). Independently, counterparty credit spreads may 
tighten, which would result in an offsetting decrease to CVA. 

like  changes 

factors 

Valuation Adjustments on Derivatives (1)

The  Corporation  enters  into  risk  management  activities  to 
offset market driven exposures. The Corporation often hedges the 
counterparty spread risk in CVA with CDS. The Corporation hedges 
other market risks in both CVA and DVA primarily with currency and 
interest rate swaps. In certain instances, the net-of-hedge amounts 
in the table below move in the same direction as the gross amount 
or  may  move  in  the  opposite  direction.  This  movement  is  a 
consequence of the complex interaction of the risks being hedged, 
resulting in limitations in the ability to perfectly hedge all of the 
market exposures at all times.

The table below presents CVA, DVA and FVA gains (losses) on 
derivatives, which are recorded in trading account profits, on a 
gross and net of hedge basis for 2017, 2016 and 2015. CVA gains 
reduce the cumulative CVA thereby increasing the derivative assets 
balance.  DVA  gains  increase  the  cumulative  DVA  thereby 
decreasing the derivative liabilities balance. CVA and DVA losses 
have the opposite impact. FVA gains related to derivative assets 
reduce the cumulative FVA thereby increasing the derivative assets 
balance.  FVA  gains  related  to  derivative  liabilities  increase  the 
cumulative  FVA  thereby  decreasing  the  derivative  liabilities 
balance. FVA losses have the opposite impact.

Gains (Losses)
(Dollars in millions)
227
Derivative assets (CVA)
16
Derivative assets/liabilities (FVA)
Derivative liabilities (DVA)
(153)
(1)  At December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, cumulative CVA reduced the derivative assets balance by $677 million, $1.0 billion and $1.4 billion, cumulative FVA reduced the net derivatives balance by 

2017
330 $
160
(324)

2016
374 $
186
24

214
102
(141)

98
178
(281)

2015
255 $

16
(18)

Gross

Gross

Gross

Net

Net

Net

$

$

$

$136 million, $296 million and $481 million, and cumulative DVA reduced the derivative liabilities balance by $450 million, $774 million and $750 million, respectively.

Bank of America 2017     139 

NOTE 3 Securities
The table below presents the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of AFS debt securities, other debt 
securities carried at fair value, HTM debt securities and AFS marketable equity securities at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

Debt Securities and Available-for-Sale Marketable Equity Securities

(Dollars in millions)
Available-for-sale debt securities

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Commercial
Non-agency residential (1)

Total mortgage-backed securities
U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities, substantially all asset-backed securities

Total taxable securities

Tax-exempt securities

Total available-for-sale debt securities

Other debt securities carried at fair value

Total debt securities carried at fair value

Held-to-maturity debt securities, substantially all U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities

Total debt securities (2)

Available-for-sale marketable equity securities (3)

Available-for-sale debt securities

Amortized

Cost

Gross

Unrealized

Gross

Unrealized

Gains
December 31, 2017

Losses

Fair 
Value

$

$
$

194,119
6,846
13,864
2,410
217,239
54,523
6,669
5,699
284,130
20,541
304,671
12,273
316,944
125,013
441,957
27

$

$
$

$

506
39
28
267
840
18
9
73
940
138
1,078
252
1,330
111
1,441

$
— $

December 31, 2016

(1,696) $

(81)
(208)
(8)
(1,993)
(1,018)
(1)
(2)
(3,014)
(104)
(3,118)
(39)
(3,157)
(1,825)
(4,982) $
(2) $

 
192,929
6,804
13,684
2,669
216,086
53,523
6,677
5,770
282,056
20,575
302,631
12,486
315,117
123,299
438,416
25

 

$

$

$

(1,963) $

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Commercial
Non-agency residential (1)

Total mortgage-backed securities
U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities, substantially all asset-backed securities

 
189,486
8,330
12,322
2,013
212,151
48,252
6,382
10,614
277,399
17,160
294,559
(619)
19,720
313,660
115,285
428,945
375
Available-for-sale marketable equity securities (3)
(1)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the underlying collateral type included approximately 62 percent and 60 percent prime, 13 percent and 19 percent Alt-A, and 25 percent and 21 percent subprime.
(2)  The Corporation had debt securities from FNMA and FHLMC that each exceeded 10 percent of shareholders’ equity, with an amortized cost of $163.6 billion and $50.3 billion, and a fair value of 

(51)
(293)
(31)
(2,338)
(752)
(3)
(23)
(3,116)
(184)
(3,300)
—
(149)
(3,449)
(2,034)
(5,483) $
(1) $

 
190,809
8,296
12,594
1,863
213,562
48,800
6,372
10,573
279,307
17,272
296,579
(619)
19,748
315,708
117,071
432,779
325

 
640
85
21
181
927
204
13
64
1,208
72
1,280
—
121
1,401
248
1,649
51

Less: Available-for-sale securities of business held for sale (4)
Other debt securities carried at fair value

Held-to-maturity debt securities, substantially all U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities

Total debt securities carried at fair value

Total available-for-sale debt securities

Total taxable securities

Total debt securities (2)

Tax-exempt securities

$
$

$
$

$
$

$162.1 billion and $50.0 billion at December 31, 2017, and an amortized cost of $156.4 billion and $48.7 billion, and a fair value of $154.4 billion and $48.3 billion at December 31, 2016.

(3)  Classified in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(4)  Represents AFS debt securities of business held for sale. In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.

At December 31, 2017, the accumulated net unrealized loss 
on  AFS  debt  securities  included  in  accumulated  OCI  was  $1.2 
billion, net of the related income tax benefit of $872 million. At 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Corporation had nonperforming 
AFS debt securities of $99 million and $121 million.

The  following  table  presents  the  components  of  other  debt 
securities carried at fair value where the changes in fair value are 
reported  in  other  income.  In  2017,  the  Corporation  recorded 
unrealized mark-to-market net gains of $243 million and realized 
net losses of $49 million compared to unrealized mark-to-market 
net gains of $51 million and realized net losses of $128 million
in 2016. These amounts exclude hedge results.

140     Bank of America 2017

Other Debt Securities Carried at Fair Value

(Dollars in millions)
Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Non-agency residential

Total mortgage-backed securities

Non-U.S. securities (1)
Other taxable securities, substantially all

asset-backed securities

Total

December 31

2017

2016

$

$

5
2,764
2,769
9,488

229
12,486

$

$

5
3,139
3,144
16,336

240
19,720

(1)  These  securities  are  primarily  used  to  satisfy  certain  international  regulatory  liquidity 

requirements.

The  gross  realized  gains  and  losses  on  sales  of  AFS  debt 
securities for 2017, 2016 and 2015 are presented in the table 
below.

Gains and Losses on Sales of AFS Debt Securities

(Dollars in millions)
Gross gains
Gross losses

Net gains on sales of AFS debt securities
Income tax expense attributable to realized
net gains on sales of AFS debt securities

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

352
(97)
255

97

$

$

$

520
(30)
490

$ 1,174
(36)
$ 1,138

186

$

432

The table below presents the fair value and the associated gross unrealized losses on AFS debt securities and whether these 

securities have had gross unrealized losses for less than 12 months or for 12 months or longer at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Temporarily Impaired and Other-than-temporarily Impaired AFS Debt Securities

(Dollars in millions)
Temporarily impaired AFS debt securities

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Commercial
Non-agency residential

Total mortgage-backed securities
U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities, substantially all asset-backed securities

Total taxable securities

Tax-exempt securities

Total temporarily impaired AFS debt securities
Other-than-temporarily impaired AFS debt securities (1)
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities

Total temporarily impaired and other-than-temporarily impaired 

AFS debt securities

Temporarily impaired AFS debt securities

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Commercial
Non-agency residential

Total mortgage-backed securities
U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities, substantially all asset-backed securities

Total taxable securities

Tax-exempt securities

Total temporarily impaired AFS debt securities
Other-than-temporarily impaired AFS debt securities (1)
Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities

Total temporarily impaired and other-than-temporarily impaired 

  Less than Twelve Months

Twelve Months or Longer

Total

Fair 
Value

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

Gross

Unrealized

Fair 
Value
Losses
December 31, 2017

Fair 
Value

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

 
$

 

73,535
2,743
5,575
335
82,188
27,537
772
—
110,497
1,090
111,587

$

(352) $

(29)
(50)
(7)
(438)
(251)
(1)
—
(690)
(2)
(692)

 
$

72,612
1,684
4,586
—
78,882
24,035
—
92
103,009
7,100
110,109

 
$

 

(1,344) $ 146,147
4,427
10,161
335
161,070
51,572
772
92
213,506
8,190
221,696

(52)
(158)
—
(1,554)
(767)
—
(2)
(2,323)
(102)
(2,425)

 

58

 

(1)

 

—

 

—

 

58

(1,696)
(81)
(208)
(7)
(1,992)
(1,018)
(1)
(2)
(3,013)
(104)
(3,117)

(1)

$ 111,645

$

(693) $ 110,109

$

(2,425) $ 221,754

$

(3,118)

 
 
$ 135,210
3,229
9,018
212
147,669
28,462
52
762
176,945
4,782
181,727

 
 
$

 
 
(1,846) $

(25)
(293)
(1)
(2,165)
(752)
(1)
(5)
(2,923)
(148)
(3,071)

 

 

94

 

(1)

December 31, 2016

 

 
$

 
 
$

 
 

(117) $ 138,980
4,257
9,018
416
152,671
28,462
194
2,200
183,527
6,655
190,182

(26)
—
(13)
(156)
—
(2)
(18)
(176)
(36)
(212)

(1,963)
(51)
(293)
(14)
(2,321)
(752)
(3)
(23)
(3,099)
(184)
(3,283)

 

 

 

(16)

495

(17)

3,770
1,028
—
204
5,002
—
142
1,438
6,582
1,873
8,455

401

8,856

$

(228) $ 190,677

$

(3,300)

Bank of America 2017     141 

AFS debt securities

(3,072) $
Includes OTTI AFS debt securities on which an OTTI loss, primarily related to changes in interest rates, remains in accumulated OCI.

$ 181,821

$

(1) 

Significant assumptions used in estimating the expected cash 
flows  for  measuring  credit  losses  on  non-agency  residential 
mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) were as follows at December 
31, 2017.

Significant Assumptions

 

 

Range (1)

Weighted-
average

10th 

90th 

Percentile (2)

 
Prepayment speed
Loss severity
Life default rate
(1)  Represents the range of inputs/assumptions based upon the underlying collateral.
(2)  The value of a variable below which the indicated percentile of observations will fall.

12.4%
20.2
20.9

3.0%
9.1
1.2

Percentile (2)

21.3%
36.7
76.6

Annual constant prepayment speed and loss severity rates are 
projected  considering  collateral  characteristics  such  as  LTV, 
creditworthiness  of  borrowers  as  measured  using  Fair  Isaac 
Corporation  (FICO)  scores,  and  geographic  concentrations.  The 
weighted-average severity by collateral type was 17.5 percent for 
prime, 18.1 percent for Alt-A and 29.0 percent for subprime at 
December 31, 2017. Default rates are projected by considering 
collateral characteristics including, but not limited to, LTV, FICO 
and geographic concentration. Weighted-average life default rates 
by collateral type were 16.9 percent for prime, 21.4 percent for 
Alt-A and 21.6 percent for subprime at December 31, 2017.

The Corporation had $41 million, $19 million and $81 million 
of  credit-related  OTTI  losses  on  AFS  debt  securities  that  were 
recognized in other income in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectfully. 
The amount of noncredit-related OTTI losses, which is recognized 
in OCI, was insignificant for all periods presented.

The cumulative credit loss component of OTTI losses that have 
been recognized in income related to AFS debt securities that the 
Corporation does not intend to sell was $274 million, $253 million 
and  $266  million  at  December  31,  2017,  2016  and  2015, 
respectfully.

The Corporation estimates the portion of a loss on a security 
that is attributable to credit using a discounted cash flow model 
and estimates the expected cash flows of the underlying collateral 
using internal credit, interest rate and prepayment risk models 
that  incorporate  management’s  best  estimate  of  current  key 
assumptions such as default rates, loss severity and prepayment 
rates. Assumptions used for the underlying loans that support the 
MBS can vary widely from loan to loan and are influenced by such 
factors as loan interest rate, geographic location of the borrower, 
borrower  characteristics  and  collateral  type.  Based  on  these 
assumptions, the Corporation then determines how the underlying 
collateral cash flows will be distributed to each MBS issued from 
the  applicable  special  purpose  entity.  Expected  principal  and 
interest  cash  flows  on  an  impaired  AFS  debt  security  are 
discounted using the effective yield of each individual impaired 
AFS debt security.

142     Bank of America 2017

The remaining contractual maturity distribution and yields of the Corporation’s debt securities carried at fair value and HTM debt 
securities at December 31, 2017 are summarized in the table below. Actual duration and yields may differ as prepayments on the 
loans underlying the mortgages or other ABS are passed through to the Corporation.

Maturities of Debt Securities Carried at Fair Value and Held-to-maturity Debt Securities

(Dollars in millions)
Amortized cost of debt securities carried at fair value

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Commercial
Non-agency residential

Total mortgage-backed securities

U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities, substantially all asset-backed

securities

Total taxable securities

Tax-exempt securities

Total amortized cost of debt securities carried at fair

value

Amortized cost of HTM debt securities (2)

Debt securities carried at fair value

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Commercial
Non-agency residential

Total mortgage-backed securities

U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities, substantially all asset-backed

securities

Total taxable securities

Tax-exempt securities

Total debt securities carried at fair value

Due in One
Year or Less

Due after One Year
through Five Years

Amount

Yield (1)

Amount

Yield (1)

Due after Five Years
through Ten Years

Amount
Yield (1)
December 31, 2017

Due after 
Ten Years

Total

Amount

Yield (1)

Amount

Yield (1)

$

 
 
5
—
54
—
59
490
13,832

1,979
16,360
1,327

$ 17,687
$
1

$

 
 
5
—
54
—
59
491
13,830

1,981
16,361
1,326
$ 17,687
1
$

 
 

4.20% $

 
 

3.69% $

 
 
28
—
974
—
1,002
23,395
2,111

2,029
28,537
6,927

$ 35,464
$
71

$

 
 
28
—
969
—
997
22,898
2,115

2,006
28,016
6,934
$ 34,950
71
$

—
7.45
—
7.18
0.39
1.02

2.53
1.21
1.81

1.25
5.82

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
555
33
11,866
24
12,478
30,615
48

1,151
44,292
9,132

$ 53,424
$
1,144

$

 
 
555
32
11,703
33
12,323
30,111
48

1,184
43,666
9,162
$ 52,828
1,117
$

—
1.98
—
2.03
1.42
0.97

3.02
1.52
1.88

1.59
3.06

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
2.57% $193,531
6,817
2.52
2.43
970
4,955
0.01
206,273
2.43
23
2.03
0.72
167

 
 

 
 
3.22% $194,119
6,850
3.18
13,864
2.78
4,979
9.32
219,812
3.36
54,523
2.52
16,158
6.60

3.22
2.17
1.79

2.11
2.65

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

751
207,214
3,155

$ 210,369
$ 123,797

 
 
$192,341
6,777
958
5,400
205,476
23
172

828
206,499
3,153
$ 209,652
$ 122,110

4.74
3.37
1.84

3.35
3.03

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

5,910
296,403
20,541

$ 316,944
$ 125,013

 
 
$192,929
6,809
13,684
5,433
218,855
53,523
16,165

5,999
294,542
20,575
$ 315,117
$ 123,299

 
 
3.22%
3.18
2.44
9.28
3.31
1.75
1.07

3.11
2.89
1.83

2.82
3.03

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

Fair value of HTM debt securities (2)
(1)  The average yield is computed based on a constant effective interest rate over the contractual life of each security. The average yield considers the contractual coupon and the amortization of 

premiums and accretion of discounts, excluding the effect of related hedging derivatives.

(2)  Substantially all U.S. agency MBS.

Bank of America 2017     143 

NOTE 4 Outstanding Loans and Leases
The following tables present total outstanding loans and leases 
and an aging analysis for the Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card 
and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments, by class 
of financing receivables, at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card 
business. This business, which at December 31, 2016 included 

$9.2 billion of non-U.S. credit card loans and the related allowance 
for loan and lease losses of $243 million, was presented in assets 
of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In 
this Note, all applicable amounts for December 31, 2016 include 
these balances, unless otherwise noted. For more information, 
see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

30-59 Days 
Past Due (1)

60-89 Days 
Past Due (1)

90 Days or

More

Past Due (2)

Total Past
Due 30 
Days

or More

Total 

Current or 
Less Than 
30 Days 
Past Due (3)

Loans

Accounted
for Under
the Fair

Purchased

Credit-

Total

impaired (4)

Value Option

Outstandings

(Dollars in millions)
Consumer real estate

Core portfolio

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Non-core portfolio

Residential mortgage (5)
Home equity

Credit card and other consumer

U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer (6)
Other consumer (7)
Total consumer

$

1,242
215

1,028
224

542
320
10
3,581

Consumer loans accounted for under the 

fair value option (8)

Total consumer loans and leases

3,581

Commercial

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate (9)
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial

Total commercial

Commercial loans accounted for under 

the fair value option (8)

547
52
48
110
95
852

$

 

 

 

$

321
108

468
121

405
102
2
1,527

1,527

244
1
10
68
45
368

 

 

1,040
473

3,535
572

900
43
1
6,564

6,564

425
3
29
26
88
571

 

 

 

December 31, 2017

$

2,603
796

5,031
917

1,847
465
13
11,672

 

 

$ 174,015
43,449

14,161
9,866

94,438
93,365
2,665
431,959

11,672

431,959

283,620
97,736
58,211
21,912
13,421
474,900

1,216
56
87
204
228
1,791

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$ 176,618
44,245

$

8,001
2,716

10,717

  $

10,717

928
928

27,193
13,499

96,285
93,830
2,678
454,348

928
455,276

284,836
97,792
58,298
22,116
13,649
476,691

 

4,782
4,782
5,710

4,782
481,473
$ 936,749

Total commercial loans and leases
Total loans and leases (10)

852
4,433

$

368
1,895

$

571
7,135

1,791
13,463

$

474,900
$ 906,859

$

$

10,717

$

Percentage of outstandings
100.00%
(1)  Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $850 million and nonperforming loans of $253 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes 

96.81%

0.48%

0.20%

0.76%

1.44%

1.14%

0.61%

fully-insured loans of $386 million and nonperforming loans of $195 million.

(2)  Consumer real estate includes fully-insured loans of $3.2 billion.
(3)  Consumer real estate includes $2.3 billion and direct/indirect consumer includes $43 million of nonperforming loans.
(4)  PCI loan amounts are shown gross of the valuation allowance.
(5)  Total outstandings includes pay option loans of $1.4 billion. The Corporation no longer originates this product.
(6)  Total outstandings includes auto and specialty lending loans of $49.9 billion, unsecured consumer lending loans of $469 million, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $39.8 billion, non-U.S. 

consumer loans of $3.0 billion and other consumer loans of $684 million.

(7)  Total outstandings includes consumer leases of $2.5 billion and consumer overdrafts of $163 million.
(8)  Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $567 million and home equity loans of $361 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the fair 
value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $2.6 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $2.2 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value 
Option. 

(9)  Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $54.8 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $3.5 billion.
(10)  The Corporation pledged $160.3 billion of loans to secure potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB). This amount is not included in the 

parenthetical disclosure of loans and leases pledged as collateral on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as there were no related outstanding borrowings.

144     Bank of America 2017

(Dollars in millions)
Consumer real estate

Core portfolio

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Non-core portfolio

Residential mortgage (5)
Home equity

Credit card and other consumer

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer (6)
Other consumer (7)
Total consumer

Consumer loans accounted for under the 

fair value option (8)

Total consumer loans and leases

Commercial

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate (9)
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial

Total commercial

Commercial loans accounted for under 

the fair value option (8)

Total commercial loans and leases
Total consumer and commercial 

loans and leases (10) 

Less: Loans of business held for sale (10)

30-59 Days
Past Due (1)

60-89 Days 
Past Due (1)

90 Days or

More

Past Due (2)

Total Past
Due 30
Days

or More

Total 

Current or
Less Than 
30 Days

Past Due (3)

Loans

Accounted 
for Under
the Fair 

Purchased

Credit-

Total

impaired (4)

Value Option

Outstandings

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

10,127
3,611

13,738

13,738

 

$

$

 

 

 

1,340
239

1,338
260

472
37
272
26
3,984

3,984

952
348
20
167
96
1,583

1,583

$

425
105

674
136

341
27
79
8
1,795

1,795

 

 

 

263
4
10
21
49
347

347

 

 

 

 

1,213
451

5,343
832

782
66
34
6
8,727

8,727

400
5
56
27
84
572

December 31, 2016

$

 

 

 

2,978
795

7,355
1,228

1,595
130
385
40
14,506

$ 153,519
48,578

17,818
12,231

90,683
9,084
93,704
2,459
428,076

14,506

428,076

 

1,615
357
86
215
229
2,502

268,757
89,040
57,269
22,160
12,764
449,990

572

2,502

449,990

 

 

 

 

 

35,300
17,070

  $ 156,497
 
49,373
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

92,278
9,214
94,089
2,499
456,320

$

1,051
1,051

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

6,034
6,034

1,051
457,371

270,372
89,397
57,355
22,375
12,993
452,492

6,034
458,526

$

5,567

$

2,142

$

9,299

$

17,008

$ 878,066

$

13,738

$

7,085

$ 915,897
(9,214)
$ 906,683

Total loans and leases (11)
100.00%
Percentage of outstandings (10)
(1)  Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $1.1 billion and nonperforming loans of $266 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes fully-

95.87%

0.61%

1.02%

1.86%

1.50%

0.77%

0.23%

insured loans of $547 million and nonperforming loans of $216 million.

(2)  Consumer real estate includes fully-insured loans of $4.8 billion.
(3)  Consumer real estate includes $2.5 billion and direct/indirect consumer includes $27 million of nonperforming loans.
(4)  PCI loan amounts are shown gross of the valuation allowance.
(5)  Total outstandings includes pay option loans of $1.8 billion. The Corporation no longer originates this product.
(6)  Total outstandings includes auto and specialty lending loans of $48.9 billion, unsecured consumer lending loans of $585 million, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $40.1 billion, non-U.S. 

consumer loans of $3.0 billion, student loans of $497 million and other consumer loans of $1.1 billion.

(7)  Total outstandings includes consumer finance loans of $465 million, consumer leases of $1.9 billion and consumer overdrafts of $157 million.
(8)  Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $710 million and home equity loans of $341 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the fair 
value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $2.9 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $3.1 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value 
Option.

(9)  Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $54.3 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $3.1 billion.
(10)  Includes non-U.S. credit card loans, which were included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
(11)  The Corporation pledged $143.1 billion of loans to secure potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and FHLB. This amount is not included in the parenthetical disclosure of loans 

and leases pledged as collateral on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as there were no related outstanding borrowings.

The  Corporation  categorizes  consumer  real  estate  loans  as 
core and non-core based on loan and customer characteristics 
such  as  origination  date,  product  type,  LTV,  FICO  score  and 
delinquency  status  consistent  with  its  current  consumer  and 
mortgage servicing strategy. Generally, loans that were originated 
after  January  1,  2010,  qualified  under  government-sponsored 
enterprise  underwriting  guidelines,  or  otherwise  met  the 
Corporation’s  underwriting  guidelines  in  place  in  2015  are 
characterized  as  core  loans.  All  other  loans  are  generally 
characterized as non-core loans and represent run-off portfolios. 
The Corporation has entered into long-term credit protection 
agreements with FNMA and FHLMC on loans totaling $6.3 billion 
and $6.4 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, providing full 
credit  protection  on  residential  mortgage  loans  that  become 
severely delinquent. All of these loans are individually insured and 
therefore the Corporation does not record an allowance for credit 
losses related to these loans.

Nonperforming Loans and Leases
The  Corporation  classifies  junior-lien  home  equity  loans  as 
nonperforming when the first-lien loan becomes 90 days past due 
even if the junior-lien loan is performing. At December 31, 2017 
and 2016, $330 million and $428 million of such junior-lien home 
equity loans were included in nonperforming loans. 

The  Corporation  classifies  consumer  real  estate  loans  that 
have been discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not reaffirmed 
by  the  borrower  as  TDRs,  irrespective  of  payment  history  or 
delinquency status, even if the repayment terms for the loan have 
not been otherwise modified. The Corporation continues to have 
a  lien  on  the  underlying  collateral.  At  December  31,  2017, 
nonperforming loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy with no 
change  in  repayment  terms  were  $358  million  of  which  $209 
million were current on their contractual payments, while $124 
million were 90 days or more past due. Of the contractually current 
nonperforming loans, 66 percent were discharged in Chapter 7 

Bank of America 2017     145 

bankruptcy over 12 months ago, and 57 percent were discharged 
24 months or more ago. 

During 2017, the Corporation sold nonperforming and other 
delinquent consumer real estate loans with a carrying value of 
$1.3 billion, including $803 million of PCI loans, compared to $2.2 
billion,  including  $549  million  of  PCI  loans,  in  2016.  The 
Corporation  recorded  net  recoveries  of  $105  million  related  to 
these sales during 2017 and net charge-offs of $30 million during 
2016. Gains related to these sales of $57 million and $75 million 
were recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of 
Income during 2017 and 2016. In 2017 and 2016, the Corporation 

transferred  consumer  nonperforming  loans  with  a  net  carrying 
value of $198 million and $55 million to held-for-sale.

The  table  below  presents  the  Corporation’s  nonperforming 
loans  and  leases  including  nonperforming  TDRs,  and  loans 
accruing past due 90 days or more at December 31, 2017 and 
2016.  Nonperforming  LHFS  are  excluded  from  nonperforming 
loans and leases as they are recorded at either fair value or the 
lower of cost or fair value. For more information on the criteria for 
classification  as  nonperforming,  see  Note  1  –  Summary  of 
Significant Accounting Principles. 

Credit Quality

(Dollars in millions)
Consumer real estate

Core portfolio

Residential mortgage (1)
Home equity

Non-core portfolio

Residential mortgage (1)
Home equity

Credit card and other consumer

Nonperforming Loans 

and Leases

Accruing Past Due
90 Days or More

2017

2016

2017

2016

December 31

$

$

 

1,087
1,079
 
1,389
1,565
 

$

 

1,274
969
 
1,782
1,949
 

$

 

417
—
 
2,813
—

 

486
—

4,307
—

Commercial

Total consumer

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer
Other consumer

782
66
34
4
5,679
 
106
5
7
19
71
208
5,887
(1)  Residential mortgage loans in the core and non-core portfolios accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, residential mortgage includes $2.2 billion
and $3.0 billion of loans on which interest has been curtailed by the FHA, and therefore are no longer accruing interest, although principal is still insured, and $1.0 billion and $1.8 billion of loans 
on which interest is still accruing.

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial

n/a
n/a
28
2
6,004
 
1,256
279
72
36
60
1,703
7,707

n/a
n/a
46
—
5,166
 
814
299
112
24
55
1,304
6,470

900
—
40
—
4,170
 
144
3
4
19
75
245
4,415

Total commercial
Total loans and leases

$

$

$

$

n/a = not applicable

Credit Quality Indicators
The Corporation monitors credit quality within its Consumer Real 
Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio 
segments based on primary credit quality indicators. For more 
information on the portfolio segments, see Note 1 – Summary of 
Significant Accounting Principles. Within the Consumer Real Estate 
portfolio  segment,  the  primary  credit  quality  indicators  are 
refreshed LTV and refreshed FICO score. Refreshed LTV measures 
the carrying value of the loan as a percentage of the value of the 
property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. Home equity loans 
are evaluated using CLTV which measures the carrying value of 
the Corporation’s loan and available line of credit combined with 
any outstanding senior liens against the property as a percentage 
of the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. 
FICO score measures the creditworthiness of the borrower based 
on the financial obligations of the borrower and the borrower’s 
credit history. FICO scores are typically refreshed quarterly or more 

frequently. Certain borrowers (e.g., borrowers that have had debts 
discharged in a bankruptcy proceeding) may not have their FICO 
scores  updated.  FICO  scores  are  also  a  primary  credit  quality 
indicator  for  the  Credit  Card  and  Other  Consumer  portfolio 
segment  and  the  business  card  portfolio  within  U.S.  small 
business commercial. Within the Commercial portfolio segment, 
loans are evaluated using the internal classifications of pass rated 
or reservable criticized as the primary credit quality indicators. 
The term reservable criticized refers to those commercial loans 
that are internally classified or listed by the Corporation as Special 
Mention,  Substandard  or  Doubtful,  which  are  asset  quality 
categories defined by regulatory authorities. These assets have 
an elevated level of risk and may have a high probability of default 
or  total  loss.  Pass  rated  refers  to  all  loans  not  considered 
reservable criticized. In addition to these primary credit quality 
indicators, the Corporation uses other credit quality indicators for 
certain types of loans. 

146     Bank of America 2017

The following tables present certain credit quality indicators for the Corporation’s Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other 

Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments, by class of financing receivables, at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Consumer Real Estate – Credit Quality Indicators (1) 

(Dollars in millions)
Refreshed LTV (4)

Less than or equal to 90 percent
Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent
Greater than 100 percent

Fully-insured loans (5)

Total consumer real estate

Refreshed FICO score

Less than 620
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680
Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740
Greater than or equal to 740

Fully-insured loans (5)

Total consumer real estate

Core Residential

Mortgage (2)

Non-core 
Residential
Mortgage (2)

Residential 

Mortgage PCI (3)

Core Home 
Equity (2)

Non-core Home 

Equity (2)

Home 

Equity PCI

December 31, 2017

 
153,669
3,082
1,322
18,545
176,618

2,234
4,531
22,934
128,374
18,545
176,618

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
12,135
850
1,011
5,196
19,192

2,390
2,086
3,519
6,001
5,196
19,192

$

$

$

$

 
6,872
559
570
—
8,001

1,941
1,657
2,396
2,007
—
8,001

$

$

$

$

 
43,048
549
648
—
44,245

1,169
2,371
8,115
32,590
—
44,245

$

$

$

$

7,944
1,053
1,786
—
10,783

2,098
2,393
2,723
3,569
—
10,783

$

$

$

$

1,781
412
523
—
2,716

452
466
786
1,012
—
2,716

(1)  Excludes $928 million of loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)  Excludes PCI loans.
(3) 
(4)  Refreshed LTV percentages for PCI loans are calculated using the carrying value net of the related valuation allowance.
(5)  Credit quality indicators are not reported for fully-insured loans as principal repayment is insured.

Includes $1.2 billion of pay option loans. The Corporation no longer originates this product.

Credit Card and Other Consumer – Credit Quality Indicators

U.S. Credit

Card

Direct/Indirect

Consumer

Other

Consumer

(Dollars in millions)
Refreshed FICO score

Less than 620
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680
Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740
Greater than or equal to 740
Other internal credit metrics (1, 2)

Total credit card and other consumer

$

$

 
4,730
12,422
35,656
43,477
—
96,285

(1)  Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors.
(2)  Direct/indirect consumer includes $42.8 billion of securities-based lending which is overcollateralized and therefore has minimal credit risk.

Commercial – Credit Quality Indicators (1)

$

December 31, 2017
 
1,630
2,000
11,906
34,838
43,456
93,830

$

$

$

 
49
143
398
1,921
167
2,678

(Dollars in millions)
Risk ratings
Pass rated
Reservable criticized
Refreshed FICO score (3)

Less than 620
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680
Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740
Greater than or equal to 740
Other internal credit metrics (3, 4)

Total commercial

U.S.

Commercial

Non-U.S.

Commercial

Commercial
Real Estate

Commercial

Lease

Financing

U.S. Small
Business

Commercial (2)

$

 
275,904
8,932

$

 

December 31, 2017
 
57,732
566

$

$

 
96,199
1,593

 
21,535
581

$

$

284,836

$

97,792

$

58,298

$

22,116

$

 
322
50
 
223
625
1,875
3,713
6,841
13,649

(1)  Excludes $4.8 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)  U.S. small business commercial includes $709 million of criticized business card and small business loans which are evaluated using refreshed FICO scores or internal credit metrics, including 

delinquency status, rather than risk ratings. At December 31, 2017, 98 percent of the balances where internal credit metrics are used was current or less than 30 days past due.

(3)  Refreshed FICO score and other internal credit metrics are applicable only to the U.S. small business commercial portfolio.
(4)  Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, application scores, geography or other factors.

Bank of America 2017 

147

Bank of America 2017     147 

Consumer Real Estate – Credit Quality Indicators (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Refreshed LTV (4)

Less than or equal to 90 percent
Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent
Greater than 100 percent

Fully-insured loans (5)

Total consumer real estate

Refreshed FICO score

Less than 620
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680
Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740
Greater than or equal to 740

Fully-insured loans (5)

Total consumer real estate

Core Residential

Mortgage (2)

Non-core 
Residential
Mortgage (2)

Residential 

Mortgage PCI (3)

Core Home 

Equity (2)

Non-core Home 

Equity (2)

Home 

Equity PCI

December 31, 2016

 
129,737
3,634
1,872
21,254
156,497
 
2,479
5,094
22,629
105,041
21,254
156,497

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
14,280
1,446
1,972
7,475
25,173
 
3,198
2,807
4,512
7,181
7,475
25,173

$

$

$

$

 
7,811
1,021
1,295
—
10,127
 
2,741
2,241
2,916
2,229
—
10,127

$

$

$

$

 
47,171
1,006
1,196
—
49,373
 
1,254
2,853
10,069
35,197
—
49,373

$

$

$

$

8,480
1,668
3,311
—
13,459
 
2,692
3,094
3,176
4,497
—
13,459

$

$

$

$

1,942
630
1,039
—
3,611
 
559
636
1,069
1,347
—
3,611

(1)  Excludes $1.1 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)  Excludes PCI loans.
(3) 
(4)  Refreshed LTV percentages for PCI loans are calculated using the carrying value net of the related valuation allowance.
(5)  Credit quality indicators are not reported for fully-insured loans as principal repayment is insured.

Includes $1.6 billion of pay option loans. The Corporation no longer originates this product.

Credit Card and Other Consumer – Credit Quality Indicators

(Dollars in millions)
Refreshed FICO score

Less than 620
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680
Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740
Greater than or equal to 740

Other internal credit metrics (2, 3, 4)

Total credit card and other consumer

U.S. Credit

Card

Non-U.S.
Credit Card

Direct/Indirect

Consumer

Other

Consumer (1)

$

$

 
4,431
12,364
34,828
40,655
—
92,278

$

$

December 31, 2016

 

— $
—
—
—
9,214
9,214

$

 
1,478
2,070
12,491
33,420
44,630
94,089

$

$

 
187
222
404
1,525
161
2,499

(1)  At December 31, 2016, 19 percent of the other consumer portfolio was associated with portfolios from certain consumer finance businesses that the Corporation previously exited.
(2)  Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors.
(3)  Direct/indirect consumer includes $43.1 billion of securities-based lending which is overcollateralized and therefore has minimal credit risk and $499 million of loans the Corporation no longer 

originates, primarily student loans.

(4)  Non-U.S. credit card represents the U.K. credit card portfolio which was evaluated using internal credit metrics, including delinquency status. At December 31, 2016, 98 percent of this portfolio 

was current or less than 30 days past due, one percent was 30-89 days past due and one percent was 90 days or more past due.

Commercial – Credit Quality Indicators (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Risk ratings
Pass rated
Reservable criticized
Refreshed FICO score (3)

Less than 620
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680
Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740
Greater than or equal to 740
Other internal credit metrics (3, 4)

Total commercial

U.S.

Commercial

Non-U.S.

Commercial

Commercial
Real Estate

Commercial

Lease

Financing

U.S. Small
Business

Commercial (2)

 
261,214
9,158

$

$

 

December 31, 2016
 
56,957
398

$

$

 
85,689
3,708

 
21,565
810

$

 

$

270,372

$

89,397

$

57,355

$

22,375

$

 
453
71

200
591
1,741
3,264
6,673
12,993

(1)  Excludes $6.0 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)  U.S. small business commercial includes $755 million of criticized business card and small business loans which are evaluated using refreshed FICO scores or internal credit metrics, including 

delinquency status, rather than risk ratings. At December 31, 2016, 98 percent of the balances where internal credit metrics are used was current or less than 30 days past due.

(3)  Refreshed FICO score and other internal credit metrics are applicable only to the U.S. small business commercial portfolio.
(4)  Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, application scores, geography or other factors.

148  Bank of America 2017

148     Bank of America 2017

Impaired Loans and Troubled Debt Restructurings
A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information, 
it  is  probable  that  the  Corporation  will  be  unable  to  collect  all 
amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual 
terms  of  the  loan.  Impaired  loans  include  nonperforming 
commercial  loans  and  all  consumer  and  commercial  TDRs. 
Impaired  loans  exclude  nonperforming  consumer  loans  and 
nonperforming commercial leases unless they are classified as 
TDRs. Loans accounted for under the fair value option are also 
excluded. PCI loans are excluded and reported separately on page 
155. For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant 
Accounting Principles.

Consumer Real Estate
Impaired consumer real estate loans within the Consumer Real 
Estate portfolio segment consist entirely of TDRs. Excluding PCI 
loans, most modifications of consumer real estate loans meet the 
definition of TDRs when a binding offer is extended to a borrower. 
Modifications  of  consumer  real  estate  loans  are  done  in 
accordance  with  government  programs  or  the  Corporation’s 
proprietary programs. These modifications are considered to be 
TDRs if concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing 
financial  difficulties.  Concessions  may  include  reductions  in 
interest rates, capitalization of past due amounts, principal and/
or  interest  forbearance,  payment  extensions,  principal  and/or 
interest forgiveness, or combinations thereof.

Prior  to  permanently  modifying  a  loan,  the  Corporation  may 
enter into trial modifications with certain borrowers under both 
government and proprietary programs. Trial modifications generally 
represent a three- to four-month period during which the borrower 
makes monthly payments under the anticipated modified payment 
terms.  Upon  successful  completion  of  the  trial  period,  the 
Corporation and the borrower enter into a permanent modification. 
Binding trial modifications are classified as TDRs when the trial 
offer is made and continue to be classified as TDRs regardless of 
whether the borrower enters into a permanent modification.

Consumer  real  estate  loans  that  have  been  discharged  in 
Chapter 7 bankruptcy with no change in repayment terms and not 
reaffirmed by the borrower of $1.2 billion were included in TDRs 
at December 31, 2017, of which $358 million were classified as 
nonperforming and $419 million were loans fully-insured by the 
FHA.  For  more  information  on  loans  discharged  in  Chapter  7 
bankruptcy, see Nonperforming Loans and Leases in this Note.

Consumer real estate TDRs are measured primarily based on 
the net present value of the estimated cash flows discounted at 

the loan’s original effective interest rate. If the carrying value of a 
TDR exceeds this amount, a specific allowance is recorded as a 
component  of  the  allowance  for  loan  and  lease  losses. 
Alternatively, consumer real estate TDRs that are considered to 
be dependent solely on the collateral for repayment (e.g., due to 
the  lack  of  income  verification)  are  measured  based  on  the 
estimated fair value of the collateral and a charge-off is recorded 
if  the  carrying  value  exceeds  the  fair  value  of  the  collateral. 
Consumer real estate loans that reached 180 days past due prior 
to modification had been charged off to their net realizable value, 
less costs to sell, before they were modified as TDRs in accordance 
with established policy. Therefore, modifications of consumer real 
estate loans that are 180 or more days past due as TDRs do not 
have an impact on the allowance for loan and lease losses nor 
are  additional  charge-offs  required  at  the  time  of  modification. 
Subsequent declines in the fair value of the collateral after a loan 
has reached 180 days past due are recorded as charge-offs. Fully-
insured loans are protected against principal loss, and therefore, 
the Corporation does not record an allowance for loan and lease 
losses on the outstanding principal balance, even after they have 
been modified in a TDR.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, remaining commitments to 
lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified 
in a consumer real estate TDR were immaterial. Consumer real 
estate foreclosed properties totaled $236 million and $363 million
at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The carrying value of consumer 
real estate loans, including fully-insured and PCI loans, for which 
formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 
2017 was $3.6 billion. During 2017 and 2016, the Corporation 
reclassified $815 million and $1.4 billion of consumer real estate 
loans  to  foreclosed  properties  or,  for  properties  acquired  upon 
foreclosure  of  certain  government-guaranteed  loans  (principally 
FHA-insured  loans),  to  other  assets.  The  reclassifications 
represent non-cash investing activities and, accordingly, are not 
reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

The  following  table  provides  the  unpaid  principal  balance, 
carrying value and related allowance at December 31, 2017 and 
2016,  and  the  average  carrying  value  and  interest  income 
recognized for 2017, 2016 and 2015 for impaired loans in the 
Corporation’s Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment. Certain 
impaired  consumer  real  estate  loans  do  not  have  a  related 
allowance  as  the  current  valuation  of  these  impaired  loans 
exceeded the carrying value, which is net of previously recorded 
charge-offs.

Bank of America 2017     149 

Impaired Loans – Consumer Real Estate

(Dollars in millions)
With no recorded allowance

Residential mortgage
Home equity

With an allowance recorded

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total

Residential mortgage
Home equity

 
With no recorded allowance

Residential mortgage
Home equity

With an allowance recorded

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Carrying

Value

Related
Allowance

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Carrying

Value

Related
Allowance

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

$

$

$

 
$

$

 
8,856
3,622

2,908
972
 
11,764
4,594

$

$

$

 
6,870
1,956

2,828
900
 
9,698
2,856

Average
Carrying

Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (1)

2017
 
$

7,737
1,997

$

3,414
858

311
109

123
24

$

$

$

 
$

$

 

 
$

— $
—
 
174
174
 
174
174

 
$

 
11,151
3,704

4,041
910

15,192
4,614

Average
Carrying
Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (1)

2016
 
$

10,178
1,906

$

5,067
852

360
90

167
24

$

 
$

 
$

$

$

 
8,695
1,953

3,936
824

12,631
2,777

$

 
$

 
$

—
—

219
137

219
137

Average
Carrying

Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (1)

2015

13,867
1,777

7,290
785

$

$

403
89

236
24

Residential mortgage
Home equity
Interest income recognized includes interest accrued and collected on the outstanding balances of accruing impaired loans as well as interest cash collections on nonaccruing impaired loans for 
which the principal is considered collectible. 

21,157
2,562

15,245
2,758

11,151
2,855

527
114

639
113

434
133

$

$

$

$

$

$

(1) 

The table below presents the December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 unpaid principal balance, carrying value, and average pre- and 
post-modification interest rates on consumer real estate loans that were modified in TDRs during 2017, 2016 and 2015, and net 
charge-offs recorded during the period in which the modification occurred. The following Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment tables 
include loans that were initially classified as TDRs during the period and also loans that had previously been classified as TDRs and 
were modified again during the period. 

Consumer Real Estate – TDRs Entered into During 2017, 2016 and 2015 (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total

Residential mortgage
Home equity

Total

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Pre-

Post-

Carrying 

Value

Modification
Interest Rate

Modification 
Interest Rate (2)

Net 

Charge-offs (3)

824
764
1,588

1,130
849
1,979

2,986
1,019
4,005

$

$

$

$

$

$

December 31, 2017

712
590
1,302

December 31, 2016

1,017
649
1,666

December 31, 2015

2,655
775
3,430

4.43%
4.22
4.33

4.73%
3.95
4.40

4.98%
3.54
4.61

$

$

$

$

$

$

4.16% $
3.49
3.83

$

4.16% $
2.72
3.54

$

4.43% $
3.17
4.11

$

2017

2016

2015

6
42
48

11
61
72

97
84
181

(1)  During 2017, there was no forgiveness of principal related to residential mortgage loans in connection with TDRs compared to $13 million and $396 million during 2016 and 2015.
(2)  The post-modification interest rate reflects the interest rate applicable only to permanently completed modifications, which exclude loans that are in a trial modification period.
(3)  Net charge-offs include amounts recorded on loans modified during the period that are no longer held by the Corporation at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 due to sales and other dispositions.

150     Bank of America 2017

The table below presents the December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 carrying value for consumer real estate loans that were modified 

in a TDR during 2017, 2016 and 2015, by type of modification.

Consumer Real Estate – Modification Programs

(Dollars in millions)
Modifications under government programs

Contractual interest rate reduction
Principal and/or interest forbearance
Other modifications (1)

Total modifications under government programs

Modifications under proprietary programs

Contractual interest rate reduction
Capitalization of past due amounts
Principal and/or interest forbearance
Other modifications (1)

Total modifications under proprietary programs

Trial modifications
Loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy (2)

Total modifications

TDRs Entered into During

2017

2016

2015

59
4
22
85

281
63
38
55
437
569
211
1,302

$

$

151
13
23
187

235
40
72
75
422
831
226
1,666

$

$

431
11
46
488

219
79
168
129
595
1,968
379
3,430

 
$

$

(1) 

(2) 

Includes other modifications such as term or payment extensions and repayment plans.
Includes loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy with no change in repayment terms that are classified as TDRs.

The table below presents the carrying value of consumer real estate loans that entered into payment default during 2017, 2016
and 2015 that were modified in a TDR during the 12 months preceding payment default. A payment default for consumer real estate 
TDRs is recognized when a borrower has missed three monthly payments (not necessarily consecutively) since modification.

Consumer Real Estate – TDRs Entering Payment Default that were Modified During the Preceding 12 Months

(Dollars in millions)
Modifications under government programs
Modifications under proprietary programs
Loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy (1)
Trial modifications (2)
Total modifications
Includes loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy with no change in repayment terms that are classified as TDRs.
Includes trial modification offers to which the customer did not respond.

(1) 

(2) 

2017

2016

2015

81
138
116
391
726

$

$

262
196
158
824
1,440

$

$

457
287
285
3,178
4,207

$

$

Credit Card and Other Consumer
Impaired loans within the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio 
segment consist entirely of loans that have been modified in TDRs. 
The Corporation seeks to assist customers that are experiencing 
financial difficulty by modifying loans while ensuring compliance 
with federal, local and international laws and guidelines. Credit 
card  and  other  consumer  loan  modifications  generally  involve 
reducing the interest rate on the account and placing the customer 
on a fixed payment plan not exceeding 60 months, all of which are 
considered  TDRs.  In  substantially  all  cases,  the  customer’s 
available line of credit is canceled. The Corporation makes loan 
modifications  directly  with  borrowers  for  debt  held  only  by  the 
Corporation  (internal  programs).  Additionally,  the  Corporation 
makes loan modifications for borrowers working with third-party 

renegotiation agencies that provide solutions to customers’ entire 
unsecured debt structures (external programs). The Corporation 
classifies  other  secured  consumer  loans  that  have  been 
discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy as TDRs which are written 
down to collateral value and placed on nonaccrual status no later 
than the time of discharge. For more information on the regulatory 
guidance  on  loans  discharged  in  Chapter  7  bankruptcy,  see 
Nonperforming Loans and Leases in this Note. 

The  following  table  provides  the  unpaid  principal  balance, 
carrying value and related allowance at December 31, 2017 and 
2016,  and  the  average  carrying  value  and  interest  income 
recognized for 2017, 2016 and 2015 on TDRs within the Credit 
Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment.

Bank of America 2017     151 

Impaired Loans – Credit Card and Other Consumer

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Carrying
Value (1)

Related
Allowance

(Dollars in millions)
With no recorded allowance
Direct/Indirect consumer
With an allowance recorded

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer

Total

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer

With no recorded allowance
Direct/Indirect consumer
With an allowance recorded

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer

Total

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

December 31, 2017
 
58
 
454
n/a
1
 
454
n/a
59

 
28
 
461
n/a
1
 
461
n/a
29

$

Average
Carrying

Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (2)

2017

$

$

21
 
464
47
2
 
464
47
23

2
 
25
1
—
 
25
1
2

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Carrying
Value (1)

Related
Allowance

December 31, 2016

$

$

$

$

$

 

— $

$

$

 
125
n/a
—
 
125
n/a
—

$

$

$

49

479
88
3

479
88
52

$

$

$

22

485
100
3

485
100
25

—

128
61
—

128
61
—

Average
Carrying
Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (2)

Average
Carrying
Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (2)

2016

$

$

20

556
111
10

2015

$

$

22

749
145
51

— $

$

31
3
1

—

43
4
3

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer
Includes accrued interest and fees.
Interest income recognized includes interest accrued and collected on the outstanding balances of accruing impaired loans as well as interest cash collections on nonaccruing impaired loans for 
which the principal is considered collectible.

749
145
73

556
111
30

31
3
1

43
4
3

$

$

$

$

$

$

(1) 

(2) 

n/a = not applicable

The table below provides information on the Corporation’s primary modification programs for the Credit Card and Other Consumer 

TDR portfolio at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Credit Card and Other Consumer – TDRs by Program Type at December 31

 

Internal Programs

External Programs

Other (1)

Total

Percent of Balances Current or
Less Than 30 Days Past Due

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer

Total TDRs by program type

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

203
n/a
1
204

$

$

220
11
2
233

$

$

257
n/a
—
257

$

$

264
7
1
272

$

$

1
n/a
28
29

$

$

1
82
22
105

$

$

461
n/a
29
490

$

$

485
100
25
610

86.92%
n/a
88.16
87.00

88.99%
38.47
90.49
80.79

(1)  Other TDRs for non-U.S. credit card included modifications of accounts that are ineligible for a fixed payment plan.
n/a = not applicable

152     Bank of America 2017

The table below provides information on the Corporation’s Credit Card and Other Consumer TDR portfolio including the December 
31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 unpaid principal balance, carrying value, and average pre- and post-modification interest rates of loans that 
were modified in TDRs during 2017, 2016 and 2015, and net charge-offs recorded during the period in which the modification occurred.

Credit Card and Other Consumer – TDRs Entered into During 2017, 2016 and 2015

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer

Total (2)

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer

Total (2)

U.S. credit card
Non-U.S. credit card
Direct/Indirect consumer

Total (2)
Includes accrued interest and fees.

(1) 
(2)  Net charge-offs were $52 million, $74 million and $98 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Pre-

Post-

Carrying 
Value (1)

Modification 
Interest Rate

Modification
Interest Rate

$

$

$

$

$

$

203
37
240

163
66
21
250

205
74
19
298

$

$

$

$

$

$

December 31, 2017

213
22
235

18.47%

4.81
17.17

December 31, 2016

172
75
13
260

17.54%
23.99
3.44
18.73

December 31, 2015

218
86
12
316

17.07%
24.05
5.95
18.58

5.32%
4.30
5.22

5.47%
0.52
3.29
3.93

5.08%
0.53
5.19
3.84

Credit card and other consumer loans are deemed to be in 
payment default during the quarter in which a borrower misses the 
second of two consecutive payments. Payment defaults are one 
of the factors considered when projecting future cash flows in the 
calculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses for impaired 
credit  card  and  other  consumer  loans.  Based  on  historical 
experience, the Corporation estimates that 13 percent of new U.S. 
credit card TDRs and 15 percent of new direct/indirect consumer 
TDRs  may  be  in  payment  default  within  12  months  after 
modification.  Loans  that  entered  into  payment  default  during 
2017, 2016 and 2015 that had been modified in a TDR during 
the preceding 12 months were $28 million, $30 million and $43 
million for U.S. credit card, $0, $127 million and $152 million for 
non-U.S. credit card, and $4 million, $2 million and $3 million for 
direct/indirect consumer. 

Commercial Loans
Impaired commercial loans include nonperforming loans and TDRs 
(both performing and nonperforming). Modifications of loans to 
commercial borrowers that are experiencing financial difficulty are 
designed to reduce the Corporation’s loss exposure while providing 
the  borrower  with  an  opportunity  to  work  through  financial 
difficulties,  often  to  avoid  foreclosure  or  bankruptcy.  Each 
modification is unique and reflects the individual circumstances 
of the borrower. Modifications that result in a TDR may include 
extensions of maturity at a concessionary (below market) rate of 

interest,  payment  forbearances  or  other  actions  designed  to 
benefit  the  customer  while  mitigating  the  Corporation’s  risk 
exposure.  Reductions  in  interest  rates  are  rare.  Instead,  the 
interest rates are typically increased, although the increased rate 
may  not  represent  a  market  rate  of  interest.  Infrequently, 
concessions may also include principal forgiveness in connection 
with  foreclosure,  short  sale  or  other  settlement  agreements 
leading to termination or sale of the loan.

At the time of restructuring, the loans are remeasured to reflect 
the  impact,  if  any,  on  projected  cash  flows  resulting  from  the 
modified terms. If there was no forgiveness of principal and the 
interest rate was not decreased, the modification may have little 
or no impact on the allowance established for the loan. If a portion 
of the loan is deemed to be uncollectible, a charge-off may be 
recorded at the time of restructuring. Alternatively, a charge-off 
may have already been recorded in a previous period such that no 
charge-off  is  required  at  the  time  of  modification.  For  more 
information  on  modifications  for  the  U.S.  small  business 
commercial portfolio, see Credit Card and Other Consumer in this 
Note.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, remaining commitments to 
lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified 
in a commercial loan TDR were $205 million and $461 million. 

Commercial foreclosed properties totaled $52 million and $14 

million at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Bank of America 2017     153 

The table below provides information on impaired loans in the Commercial loan portfolio segment including the unpaid principal 
balance, carrying value and related allowance at December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the average carrying value and interest income 
recognized for 2017, 2016 and 2015. Certain impaired commercial loans do not have a related allowance as the valuation of these 
impaired loans exceeded the carrying value, which is net of previously recorded charge-offs.

Impaired Loans – Commercial

(Dollars in millions)
With no recorded allowance

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate

With an allowance recorded

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial (1)

Total

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial (1)

 
With no recorded allowance

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate

With an allowance recorded

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial (1)

Total

$

$

$

$

$

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Carrying

Value

Related
Allowance

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Carrying

Value

Related
Allowance

 

— $
—
—

 
$

 
$

98
58
4
3
27
 
98
58
4
3
27

December 31, 2017
 
576
14
83

 
571
11
80

$

$

$

1,393
528
133
20
84
 
1,969
542
216
20
84

1,109
507
41
18
70
 
1,680
518
121
18
70

Average
Carrying

Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (2)

2017
 
772
46
69

$

 
12
—
1

$

$

$

$

$

1,260
463
73
8
73
 
2,032
509
142
8
73

$

$

33
13
2
—
—
 
45
13
3
—
—

1,569
409
92
2
87
 
2,356
443
159
2
87

December 31, 2016
 
860
130
77

 
827
130
71

$

$

$

 
$

—
—
—
 
132
104
10
—
27

132
104
10
—
27

1,569
432
96
4
73

2,396
562
167
4
73

Average
Carrying
Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (2)

2015
 
$

688
29
75

 
$

953
125
216
—
109

14
1
1

48
7
7
—
1

 
$

 
$

 
$

 
$

 
$

 
$

2,018
545
243
6
85

2,878
675
320
6
85

59
14
4
—
1
 
73
15
4
—
1

Average
Carrying
Value

Interest
Income

Recognized (2)

2016
 
787
34
67

$

 
14
1
—

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial (1)
Includes U.S. small business commercial renegotiated TDR loans and related allowance.
Interest income recognized includes interest accrued and collected on the outstanding balances of accruing impaired loans as well as interest cash collections on nonaccruing impaired loans for 
which the principal is considered collectible.

1,641
154
291
—
109

62
8
8
—
1

$

$

$

$

(1) 

(2) 

154     Bank of America 2017

The table below presents the December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015 unpaid principal balance and carrying value of commercial 
loans that were modified as TDRs during 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
and net charge-offs that were recorded during the period in which 
the  modification  occurred.  The  table  below  includes  loans  that 
were initially classified as TDRs during the period and also loans 
that had previously been classified as TDRs and were modified 
again during the period.

Commercial – TDRs Entered into During 2017, 2016
and 2015

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial (1)

Total (2)

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
Commercial lease financing
U.S. small business commercial (1)

Total (2)

Unpaid
Principal
Balance

Carrying

Value

December 31, 2017

1,033
105
35
20
13
1,206

$

$

922
105
24
17
13
1,081

December 31, 2016

1,556
255
77
6
1
1,895

$

$

1,482
253
77
4
1
1,817

$

$

$

$

default had a carrying value of $64 million, $140 million and $105 
million for U.S. commercial and $19 million, $34 million and $25 
million for commercial real estate at December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively.

Purchased Credit-impaired Loans 
The table below shows activity for the accretable yield on PCI loans, 
which include the Countrywide Financial Corporation (Countrywide) 
portfolio  and  loans  repurchased  in  connection  with  the  2013 
settlement with FNMA. The amount of accretable yield is affected 
by changes in credit outlooks, including metrics such as default 
rates and loss severities, prepayment speeds, which can change 
the amount and period of time over which interest payments are 
expected to be received, and the interest rates on variable rate 
loans. The reclassifications from nonaccretable difference during 
2017 and 2016 were primarily due to an increase in the expected 
principal and interest cash flows due to lower default estimates 
and rising interest rate environment.

Rollforward of Accretable Yield

(Dollars in millions)
Accretable yield, January 1, 2016

Accretion
Disposals/transfers
Reclassifications from nonaccretable difference

Accretable yield, December 31, 2016

Accretion
Disposals/transfers
Reclassifications from nonaccretable difference

$

$

4,569
(722)
(486)
444
3,805
(601)
(634)
219
2,789

December 31, 2015

Accretable yield, December 31, 2017

$

U.S. commercial
Non-U.S. commercial
Commercial real estate
U.S. small business commercial (1)

779
326
42
11
1,158
(1)  U.S. small business commercial TDRs are comprised of renegotiated small business card loans.
(2)  Net charge-offs were $138 million, $137 million and $31 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 

853
329
42
14
1,238

Total (2)

$

$

$

respectively.

A commercial TDR is generally deemed to be in payment default 
when the loan is 90 days or more past due, including delinquencies 
that  were  not  resolved  as  part  of  the  modification.  U.S.  small 
business commercial TDRs are deemed to be in payment default 
during the quarter in which a borrower misses the second of two 
consecutive payments. Payment defaults are one of the factors 
considered  when  projecting  future  cash  flows,  along  with 
observable market prices or fair value of collateral when measuring 
the allowance for loan and lease losses. TDRs that were in payment 

During 2017 and 2016, the Corporation sold PCI loans with a 
carrying  value  of  $803  million  and  $549  million.  For  more 
information on PCI loans, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant 
Accounting  Principles  and  for  the  carrying  value  and  valuation 
allowance for PCI loans, see Note 5 – Allowance for Credit Losses.

Loans Held-for-sale
The  Corporation  had  LHFS  of  $11.4  billion  and  $9.1  billion  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. Cash and non-cash proceeds from 
sales and paydowns of loans originally classified as LHFS were 
$41.3 billion, $32.6 billion and $41.2 billion for 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. Cash used for originations and purchases of 
LHFS  totaled  $43.5  billion,  $33.1  billion  and  $37.9  billion  for 
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Bank of America 2017     155 

NOTE 5 Allowance for Credit Losses
The table below summarizes the changes in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Consumer 
Real Estate (1)

Credit Card and
Other Consumer

Commercial

Total 

Allowance

(Dollars in millions)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1

Loans and leases charged off
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off

Net charge-offs (2)

Write-offs of PCI loans (3)
Provision for loan and lease losses (4)
Other (5)

Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1

Provision for unfunded lending commitments

Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31
Allowance for credit losses, December 31 

Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1

Loans and leases charged off
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off

Net charge-offs (2)

Write-offs of PCI loans (3)
Provision for loan and lease losses (4)
Other (5)

Total allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31

Less: Allowance included in assets of business held for sale (6)

Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1

Provision for unfunded lending commitments
Other (5)

Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31
Allowance for credit losses, December 31

Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1

Loans and leases charged off
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off

Net charge-offs

Write-offs of PCI loans (3)
Provision for loan and lease losses (4)
Other (5)

Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1

Provision for unfunded lending commitments

Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31
Allowance for credit losses, December 31

$

$

$

$

$

$

2,750
(770)
657
(113)
(207)
(710)
—
1,720
—
—
—
1,720

3,914
(1,155)
619
(536)
(340)
(258)
(30)
2,750
—
2,750
—
—
—
—
2,750

5,935
(1,841)
732
(1,109)
(808)
(70)
(34)
3,914
—
—
—
3,914

$

$

$

$

$

$

2017
$

$

2016
$

3,229
(3,774)
809
(2,965)
—
3,437
(38)
3,663
—
—
—
3,663

3,471
(3,553)
770
(2,783)
—
2,826
(42)
3,472
(243)
3,229
—
—
—
—
3,229

4,047
(3,620)
813
(2,807)
—
2,278
(47)
3,471
—
—
—
3,471

$

2015
$

$

5,258
(1,075)
174
(901)
—
654
(1)
5,010
762
15
777
5,787

4,849
(740)
238
(502)
—
1,013
(102)
5,258
—
5,258
646
16
100
762
6,020

4,437
(644)
222
(422)
—
835
(1)
4,849
528
118
646
5,495

$

$

$

$

$

$

11,237
(5,619)
1,640
(3,979)
(207)
3,381
(39)
10,393
762
15
777
11,170

12,234
(5,448)
1,627
(3,821)
(340)
3,581
(174)
11,480
(243)
11,237
646
16
100
762
11,999

14,419
(6,105)
1,767
(4,338)
(808)
3,043
(82)
12,234
528
118
646
12,880

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

Includes valuation allowance associated with the PCI loan portfolio.
Includes net charge-offs related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. In 2017, 
the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.
Includes write-offs of $87 million, $60 million and $234 million associated with the sale of PCI loans in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Includes provision expense of $76 million and a benefit of $45 million and $40 million associated with the PCI loan portfolio in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

(4) 
(5)  Primarily represents the net impact of portfolio sales, consolidations and deconsolidations, foreign currency translation adjustments, transfers to held-for-sale and certain other reclassifications.
(6)  Represents allowance for loan and lease losses related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was sold in 2017.

156     Bank of America 2017

The table below presents the allowance and the carrying value of outstanding loans and leases by portfolio segment at December 

31, 2017 and 2016.

Allowance and Carrying Value by Portfolio Segment

(Dollars in millions)
Impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings (1)

Allowance for loan and lease losses (2)
Carrying value (3)
Allowance as a percentage of carrying value

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Allowance for loan and lease losses
Carrying value (3, 4)
Allowance as a percentage of carrying value (4)

Purchased credit-impaired loans

Valuation allowance
Carrying value gross of valuation allowance
Valuation allowance as a percentage of carrying value

Total

Allowance for loan and lease losses
Carrying value (3, 4)
Allowance as a percentage of carrying value (4)

Impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings (1)

Allowance for loan and lease losses (2)
Carrying value (3)
Allowance as a percentage of carrying value

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Allowance for loan and lease losses
Carrying value (3, 4)
Allowance as a percentage of carrying value (4)

Purchased credit-impaired loans

Valuation allowance
Carrying value gross of valuation allowance
Valuation allowance as a percentage of carrying value

Less: Assets of business held for sale (5)
Allowance for loan and lease losses (6)
Carrying value (3)

Total

Consumer
 Real Estate

Credit Card and
Other Consumer

Commercial

Total

December 31, 2017

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

 

348
12,554

2.77%
 

1,083
238,284

0.45%
 

289
10,717

2.70%
 

1,720
261,555

0.66%

 

356
15,408

2.31%
 

1,975
229,094

0.86%
 

419
13,738

3.05%

n/a
n/a

 

$

$

$

$

$

$

 

125
490

25.51%
 

3,538
192,303

1.84%

$

$

n/a
n/a
n/a

 

 

190
2,407

7.89%
 

4,820
474,284

1.02%
 

n/a
n/a
n/a

 

$

3,663
192,793

1.90%

5,010
476,691

1.05%

December 31, 2016

 

189
610

30.98%
 

3,283
197,470

1.66%

$

$

n/a
n/a
n/a

(243)
(9,214)
 

 

273
3,202

8.53%
 

4,985
449,290

1.11%
 

n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a
n/a

 

$

$

$

$

$

 
$

 
$

$

 

663
15,451

4.29%
 

9,441
904,871

1.04%
 

289
10,717

2.70%
 

10,393
931,039

1.12%

 

818
19,220

4.26%

10,243
875,854

1.17%

419
13,738

3.05%

(243)
(9,214)

 
$

Allowance for loan and lease losses
Carrying value (3, 4)
1.25%
Allowance as a percentage of carrying value (4)
Impaired loans include nonperforming commercial loans and all TDRs, including both commercial and consumer TDRs. Impaired loans exclude nonperforming consumer loans unless they are TDRs, 
and all consumer and commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option.

2,750
258,240

3,229
188,866

5,258
452,492

11,237
899,598

1.06%

1.71%

1.16%

$

$

$

(1) 

(2)  Allowance for loan and lease losses includes $27 million related to impaired U.S. small business commercial at both December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(3)  Amounts are presented gross of the allowance for loan and lease losses.
(4)  Outstanding loan and lease balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option of $5.7 billion and $7.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(5)  Represents allowance for loan and lease losses and loans related to the non-U.S. credit card loan portfolio, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance 

Sheet at December 31, 2016. In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business.
Includes $61 million of allowance for loan and lease losses related to impaired loans and TDRs and $182 million related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment at December 31, 2016.

(6) 
n/a = not applicable

Bank of America 2017     157 

NOTE 6 Securitizations and Other Variable 
NOTE 6 Securitizations and Other Variable 
Interest Entities
Interest Entities
The Corporation utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business 
The Corporation utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business 
to  support  its  own  and  its  customers’  financing  and  investing 
to  support  its  own  and  its  customers’  financing  and  investing 
needs.  The  Corporation  routinely  securitizes  loans  and  debt 
needs.  The  Corporation  routinely  securitizes  loans  and  debt 
securities using VIEs as a source of funding for the Corporation 
securities using VIEs as a source of funding for the Corporation 
and as a means of transferring the economic risk of the loans or 
and as a means of transferring the economic risk of the loans or 
debt securities to third parties. The assets are transferred into a 
debt securities to third parties. The assets are transferred into a 
trust or other securitization vehicle such that the assets are legally 
trust or other securitization vehicle such that the assets are legally 
isolated from the creditors of the Corporation and are not available 
isolated from the creditors of the Corporation and are not available 
to satisfy its obligations. These assets can only be used to settle 
to satisfy its obligations. These assets can only be used to settle 
obligations  of  the  trust  or  other  securitization  vehicle.  The 
obligations  of  the  trust  or  other  securitization  vehicle.  The 
Corporation also administers, structures or invests in other VIEs 
Corporation also administers, structures or invests in other VIEs 
including CDOs, investment vehicles and other entities. For more 
including CDOs, investment vehicles and other entities. For more 
information  on  the  Corporation’s  use  of  VIEs,  see  Note  1  – 
information  on  the  Corporation’s  use  of  VIEs,  see  Note  1  – 
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

The tables in this Note present the assets and liabilities of 
The tables in this Note present the assets and liabilities of 
consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2017 and 
consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2017 and 
2016  in  situations  where  the  Corporation  has  continuing 
2016  in  situations  where  the  Corporation  has  continuing 
involvement  with  transferred  assets  or  if  the  Corporation 
involvement  with  transferred  assets  or  if  the  Corporation 
otherwise  has  a  variable  interest  in  the  VIE.  The  tables  also 
otherwise  has  a  variable  interest  in  the  VIE.  The  tables  also 
present the Corporation’s maximum loss exposure at December 
present the Corporation’s maximum loss exposure at December 
31,  2017  and  2016  resulting  from  its  involvement  with 
31,  2017  and  2016  resulting  from  its  involvement  with 
consolidated  VIEs  and  unconsolidated  VIEs  in  which  the 
consolidated  VIEs  and  unconsolidated  VIEs  in  which  the 
Corporation holds a variable interest. The Corporation’s maximum 
Corporation holds a variable interest. The Corporation’s maximum 
loss exposure is based on the unlikely event that all of the assets 
loss exposure is based on the unlikely event that all of the assets 
in the VIEs become worthless and incorporates not only potential 
in the VIEs become worthless and incorporates not only potential 
losses  associated  with  assets  recorded  on  the  Consolidated 
losses  associated  with  assets  recorded  on  the  Consolidated 
Balance  Sheet  but  also  potential  losses  associated  with  off-
Balance  Sheet  but  also  potential  losses  associated  with  off-
balance  sheet  commitments,  such  as  unfunded  liquidity 
balance  sheet  commitments,  such  as  unfunded  liquidity 
commitments  and  other  contractual  arrangements.  The 
commitments  and  other  contractual  arrangements.  The 
Corporation’s maximum loss exposure does not include losses 
Corporation’s maximum loss exposure does not include losses 
previously recognized through write-downs of assets.
previously recognized through write-downs of assets.

The Corporation invests in ABS issued by third-party VIEs with 
The Corporation invests in ABS issued by third-party VIEs with 
which it has no other form of involvement and enters into certain 
which it has no other form of involvement and enters into certain 
commercial lending arrangements that may also incorporate the 
commercial lending arrangements that may also incorporate the 

use of VIEs, for example to hold collateral. These securities and 
use of VIEs, for example to hold collateral. These securities and 
loans are included in Note 3 – Securities or Note 4 – Outstanding 
loans are included in Note 3 – Securities or Note 4 – Outstanding 
Loans and Leases. In addition, the Corporation uses VIEs such as 
Loans and Leases. In addition, the Corporation uses VIEs such as 
trust  preferred  securities  trusts  in  connection  with  its  funding 
trust  preferred  securities  trusts  in  connection  with  its  funding 
activities. For more information, see Note 11 – Long-term Debt. 
activities. For more information, see Note 11 – Long-term Debt. 
These  VIEs,  which  are  generally  not  consolidated  by  the 
These  VIEs,  which  are  generally  not  consolidated  by  the 
Corporation, as applicable, are not included in the tables herein.
Corporation, as applicable, are not included in the tables herein.
Except as described below, the Corporation did not provide 
Except as described below, the Corporation did not provide 
financial support to consolidated or unconsolidated VIEs during 
financial support to consolidated or unconsolidated VIEs during 
2017, 2016 and 2015 that it was not previously contractually 
2017, 2016 and 2015 that it was not previously contractually 
required to provide, nor does it intend to do so.
required to provide, nor does it intend to do so.

First-lien Mortgage Securitizations
First-lien Mortgage Securitizations

First-lien Mortgages
First-lien Mortgages
As  part  of  its  mortgage  banking  activities,  the  Corporation 
As  part  of  its  mortgage  banking  activities,  the  Corporation 
securitizes a portion of the first-lien residential mortgage loans it 
securitizes a portion of the first-lien residential mortgage loans it 
originates or purchases from third parties, generally in the form 
originates or purchases from third parties, generally in the form 
of RMBS guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises, FNMA 
of RMBS guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises, FNMA 
and FHLMC (collectively the GSEs), or the Government National 
and FHLMC (collectively the GSEs), or the Government National 
Mortgage Association (GNMA) primarily in the case of FHA-insured 
Mortgage Association (GNMA) primarily in the case of FHA-insured 
and  U.S.  Department  of  Veterans  Affairs  (VA)-guaranteed 
and  U.S.  Department  of  Veterans  Affairs  (VA)-guaranteed 
mortgage loans. Securitization usually occurs in conjunction with 
mortgage loans. Securitization usually occurs in conjunction with 
or shortly after origination or purchase, and the Corporation may 
or shortly after origination or purchase, and the Corporation may 
also securitize loans held in its residential mortgage portfolio. In 
also securitize loans held in its residential mortgage portfolio. In 
addition,  the  Corporation  may,  from  time  to  time,  securitize 
addition,  the  Corporation  may,  from  time  to  time,  securitize 
commercial  mortgages  it  originates  or  purchases  from  other 
commercial  mortgages  it  originates  or  purchases  from  other 
entities. The Corporation typically services the loans it securitizes. 
entities. The Corporation typically services the loans it securitizes. 
Further,  the  Corporation  may  retain  beneficial  interests  in  the 
Further,  the  Corporation  may  retain  beneficial  interests  in  the 
securitization trusts including senior and subordinate securities 
securitization trusts including senior and subordinate securities 
and equity tranches issued by the trusts. Except as described 
and equity tranches issued by the trusts. Except as described 
below and in Note 7 – Representations and Warranties Obligations 
below and in Note 7 – Representations and Warranties Obligations 
and  Corporate  Guarantees,  the  Corporation  does  not  provide 
and  Corporate  Guarantees,  the  Corporation  does  not  provide 
guarantees  or  recourse  to  the  securitization  trusts  other  than 
guarantees  or  recourse  to  the  securitization  trusts  other  than 
standard representations and warranties.
standard representations and warranties.

The table below summarizes select information related to first-
The table below summarizes select information related to first-

lien mortgage securitizations for 2017, 2016 and 2015.
lien mortgage securitizations for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

First-lien Mortgage Securitizations
First-lien Mortgage Securitizations

 

 

Residential Mortgage - Agency
Residential Mortgage - Agency

Commercial Mortgage
Commercial Mortgage

(Dollars in millions)
(Dollars in millions)
7,945
7,945
Cash proceeds from new securitizations (1)
Cash proceeds from new securitizations (1)
Gains on securitizations (2)
Gains on securitizations (2)
49
49
—
—
Repurchases from securitization trusts (3)
Repurchases from securitization trusts (3)
(1)  The Corporation transfers residential mortgage loans to securitizations sponsored by the GSEs or GNMA in the normal course of business and receives RMBS in exchange which may then be sold 
(1)  The Corporation transfers residential mortgage loans to securitizations sponsored by the GSEs or GNMA in the normal course of business and receives RMBS in exchange which may then be sold 

27,164
27,164
894
894
3,716
3,716

24,201
24,201
370
370
3,611
3,611

14,467
14,467
158
158
2,713
2,713

3,887
3,887
38
38
—
—

5,641
5,641
91
91
—
—

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

2017
2017

2017
2017

2016
2016

2015
2015

2016
2016

2015
2015

into the market to third-party investors for cash proceeds.
into the market to third-party investors for cash proceeds.

(2)  A majority of the first-lien residential mortgage loans securitized are initially classified as LHFS and accounted for under the fair value option. Gains recognized on these LHFS prior to securitization, 
(2)  A majority of the first-lien residential mortgage loans securitized are initially classified as LHFS and accounted for under the fair value option. Gains recognized on these LHFS prior to securitization, 

which totaled $243 million, $487 million and $750 million net of hedges, during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are not included in the table above. 
which totaled $243 million, $487 million and $750 million net of hedges, during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are not included in the table above. 

(3)  The Corporation may have the option to repurchase delinquent loans out of securitization trusts, which reduces the amount of servicing advances it is required to make. The Corporation may also 
(3)  The Corporation may have the option to repurchase delinquent loans out of securitization trusts, which reduces the amount of servicing advances it is required to make. The Corporation may also 

repurchase loans from securitization trusts to perform modifications. Repurchased loans include FHA-insured mortgages collateralizing GNMA securities.
repurchase loans from securitization trusts to perform modifications. Repurchased loans include FHA-insured mortgages collateralizing GNMA securities.

In addition to cash proceeds as reported in the table above, the Corporation received securities with an initial fair value of $1.9 
In addition to cash proceeds as reported in the table above, the Corporation received securities with an initial fair value of $1.9 
billion, $4.2 billion and $22.3 billion in connection with first-lien mortgage securitizations in 2017, 2016 and 2015. The receipt of 
billion, $4.2 billion and $22.3 billion in connection with first-lien mortgage securitizations in 2017, 2016 and 2015. The receipt of 
these securities represents non-cash operating and investing activities and, accordingly, is not reflected in the Consolidated Statement 
these securities represents non-cash operating and investing activities and, accordingly, is not reflected in the Consolidated Statement 
of Cash Flows. Substantially all of these securities were initially classified as Level 2 assets within the fair value hierarchy. During 
of Cash Flows. Substantially all of these securities were initially classified as Level 2 assets within the fair value hierarchy. During 
2017, 2016 and 2015, there were no changes to the initial classification.
2017, 2016 and 2015, there were no changes to the initial classification.

158  Bank of America 2017
158     Bank of America 2017
158     Bank of America 2017

The Corporation recognizes consumer MSRs from the sale or 
The Corporation recognizes consumer MSRs from the sale or 
securitization of consumer real estate loans. The unpaid principal 
securitization of consumer real estate loans. The unpaid principal 
balance  of  loans  serviced  for  investors,  including  residential 
balance  of  loans  serviced  for  investors,  including  residential 
mortgage  and  home  equity  loans,  totaled  $277.6  billion  and 
mortgage  and  home  equity  loans,  totaled  $277.6  billion  and 
$326.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Servicing fee 
$326.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Servicing fee 
and ancillary fee income on serviced loans was $893 million, $1.2 
and ancillary fee income on serviced loans was $893 million, $1.2 
billion  and  $1.4  billion  in  2017,  2016  and  2015.  Servicing 
billion  and  $1.4  billion  in  2017,  2016  and  2015.  Servicing 
advances on serviced loans, including loans serviced for others 
advances on serviced loans, including loans serviced for others 
and loans held for investment, were $4.5 billion and $6.2 billion 
and loans held for investment, were $4.5 billion and $6.2 billion 
at December 31, 2017 and 2016. For more information on MSRs, 
at December 31, 2017 and 2016. For more information on MSRs, 
see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements. 
see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements. 

During  2016  and  2015,  the  Corporation  deconsolidated 
During  2016  and  2015,  the  Corporation  deconsolidated 
agency  residential  mortgage  securitization  vehicles  with  total 
agency  residential  mortgage  securitization  vehicles  with  total 
assets of $3.8 billion and $4.5 billion, and total liabilities of $628 
assets of $3.8 billion and $4.5 billion, and total liabilities of $628 

million and $0 following the sale of retained interests to third 
million and $0 following the sale of retained interests to third 
parties, after which the Corporation no longer had the unilateral 
parties, after which the Corporation no longer had the unilateral 
ability to liquidate the vehicles. Of the balances deconsolidated 
ability to liquidate the vehicles. Of the balances deconsolidated 
in 2016, $706 million of assets and $628 million of liabilities 
in 2016, $706 million of assets and $628 million of liabilities 
represent  non-cash  investing  and  financing  activities  and, 
represent  non-cash  investing  and  financing  activities  and, 
accordingly, are not reflected on the Consolidated Statement of 
accordingly, are not reflected on the Consolidated Statement of 
Cash Flows. Gains on sale of $125 million and $287 million in 
Cash Flows. Gains on sale of $125 million and $287 million in 
2016 and 2015 related to these deconsolidations were recorded 
2016 and 2015 related to these deconsolidations were recorded 
in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. There 
in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. There 
were  no  deconsolidations  of  agency  residential  mortgage 
were  no  deconsolidations  of  agency  residential  mortgage 
securitizations in 2017.
securitizations in 2017.

The table below summarizes select information related to first-
The table below summarizes select information related to first-
lien mortgage securitization trusts in which the Corporation held 
lien mortgage securitization trusts in which the Corporation held 
a variable interest at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
a variable interest at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

First-lien Mortgage VIEs
First-lien Mortgage VIEs

 
 

 
 

 

 

Agency
Agency

 

 

Prime
Prime

Residential Mortgage
Residential Mortgage

Non-agency
Non-agency
Subprime
Subprime
December 31
December 31

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Alt-A
Alt-A

Commercial Mortgage
Commercial Mortgage

(Dollars in millions)
(Dollars in millions)
Unconsolidated VIEs
Unconsolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure (1)
Maximum loss exposure (1)
On-balance sheet assets
On-balance sheet assets

Senior securities:
Senior securities:

Trading account assets
Trading account assets
Debt securities carried at fair value
Debt securities carried at fair value
Held-to-maturity securities
Held-to-maturity securities

Subordinate securities
Subordinate securities
Residual interests
Residual interests
All other assets (2)
All other assets (2)

Total retained positions
Total retained positions
Principal balance outstanding (3)
Principal balance outstanding (3)

$
$

$
$

$
$
$
$

2017
2017

2016
2016

2017
2017

2016
2016

2017
2017

2016
2016

2017
2017

2016
2016

2017
2017

2016
2016

 
 

 
 

 
 

716 $
716 $

19,110 $
19,110 $

 
 
22,661
22,661
 
 
 
 
1,399
1,399
17,620
17,620
3,630
3,630
—
—
—
—
12
12
22,661
22,661
232,761 $ 265,332
232,761 $ 265,332

15,036
15,036
3,348
3,348
—
—
—
—
10
10

19,110 $
19,110 $

$
$

$
$

 
 

689 $
689 $

 
 
 
 
6 $
6 $

477
477
—
—
5
5
—
—
—
—

$
$
$
$

488 $
488 $
10,549 $
10,549 $

 
 
757
757
 
 
 
 
20
20
441
441
—
—
9
9
—
—
28
28
498
498
16,280
16,280

$
$

$
$

 
 

2,643 $
2,643 $

 
 

 
 

10 $
10 $

2,221
2,221
—
—
38
38
—
—
—
—

$
$
$
$

2,269 $
2,269 $
10,254 $
10,254 $

 
 
2,750
2,750
 
 
 
 
112
112
2,235
2,235
—
—
25
25
—
—
—
—
2,372
2,372
19,373
19,373

$
$

$
$

 
 

403 $
403 $

 
 

 
 

50 $
50 $

351
351
—
—
2
2
—
—
—
—

$
$
$
$

403 $
403 $
28,129 $
28,129 $

 
 
560
560
 
 
 
 
118
118
305
305
—
—
24
24
—
—
113
113
560
560
35,788
35,788

$
$

$
$

 
 

585 $
585 $

 
 

 
 

108 $
108 $
—
—
274
274
69
69
19
19
—
—

$
$
$
$

470 $
470 $
26,504 $
26,504 $

 
 
344
344
 
 
 
 
51
51
—
—
64
64
81
81
25
25
—
—
221
221
23,826
23,826

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

571 $
571 $

232 $
232 $

14,502 $
14,502 $

— $
— $
 

— $
— $
 

— $
— $
 

14,030
14,030
240
240

571 $
571 $
—
—
—
—

On-balance sheet liabilities
On-balance sheet liabilities

Consolidated VIEs
Consolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure (1)
Maximum loss exposure (1)
On-balance sheet assets
On-balance sheet assets
Trading account assets
Trading account assets
Loans and leases, net
Loans and leases, net
All other assets
All other assets
Total assets
Total assets

 
 
—
—
 
 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
 
 
—
—
—
—
—
—
(1)  Maximum loss exposure includes obligations under loss-sharing reinsurance and other arrangements for non-agency residential mortgage and commercial mortgage securitizations, but excludes 
(1)  Maximum loss exposure includes obligations under loss-sharing reinsurance and other arrangements for non-agency residential mortgage and commercial mortgage securitizations, but excludes 
the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees and also excludes servicing advances and other servicing rights and obligations. For more information, see 
the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees and also excludes servicing advances and other servicing rights and obligations. For more information, see 
Note 7 – Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate Guarantees and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.
Note 7 – Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate Guarantees and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.

 
 
18,084
18,084
 
 
434
434
17,223
17,223
427
427
18,084
18,084
 
 

Long-term debt
Long-term debt
All other liabilities
All other liabilities
Total liabilities
Total liabilities

 
 
25
25
 
 
99
99
—
—
—
—
99
99
 
 
74
74
—
—
74
74

— $
— $
—
—
—
—
— $
— $
 

— $
— $
—
—
—
—
— $
— $
 

(2)  Not included in the table above are all other assets of $148 million and $189 million, representing the unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans eligible for repurchase from unconsolidated 
(2)  Not included in the table above are all other assets of $148 million and $189 million, representing the unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans eligible for repurchase from unconsolidated 
residential mortgage securitization vehicles, principally guaranteed by GNMA, and all other liabilities of $148 million and $189 million, representing the principal amount that would be payable to 
residential mortgage securitization vehicles, principally guaranteed by GNMA, and all other liabilities of $148 million and $189 million, representing the principal amount that would be payable to 
the securitization vehicles if the Corporation was to exercise the repurchase option, at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
the securitization vehicles if the Corporation was to exercise the repurchase option, at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(3)  Principal balance outstanding includes loans where the Corporation was the transferor to securitization vehicles with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loans.
(3)  Principal balance outstanding includes loans where the Corporation was the transferor to securitization vehicles with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loans.

— $
— $
—
—
—
—
— $
— $
 

— $
— $
—
—
—
—
— $
— $
 

— $
— $
—
—
—
—
— $
— $
 

— $
— $
—
—
— $
— $

— $
— $
—
—
— $
— $

— $
— $
4
4
4
4

— $
— $
—
—
— $
— $

— $
— $
—
—
— $
— $

— $
— $
—
—
— $
— $

— $
— $
—
—
— $
— $

— $
— $
3
3
3 $
3 $

— $
— $
 

— $
— $
 

14,502 $
14,502 $

571 $
571 $

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bank of America 2017     159 
Bank of America 2017     159 

Other Asset-backed Securitizations
Other Asset-backed Securitizations
The table below summarizes select information related to home equity loan, credit card and other asset-backed VIEs in which the 
The table below summarizes select information related to home equity loan, credit card and other asset-backed VIEs in which the 
Corporation held a variable interest at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
Corporation held a variable interest at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Home Equity Loan, Credit Card and Other Asset-backed VIEs
Home Equity Loan, Credit Card and Other Asset-backed VIEs

(Dollars in millions)
(Dollars in millions)
Unconsolidated VIEs
Unconsolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure
Maximum loss exposure
On-balance sheet assets
On-balance sheet assets

Senior securities (4):
Senior securities (4):

Trading account assets
Trading account assets
Debt securities carried at fair value
Debt securities carried at fair value
Held-to-maturity securities
Held-to-maturity securities

Subordinate securities (4)
Subordinate securities (4)

Total retained positions
Total retained positions

Total assets of VIEs (5)
Total assets of VIEs (5)

 
 

Home Equity Loan (1)
Home Equity Loan (1)

Credit Card (2, 3)
Credit Card (2, 3)

Resecuritization Trusts
Resecuritization Trusts

Municipal Bond Trusts
Municipal Bond Trusts

2017
2017

2016
2016

2017
2017

2016
2016

2017
2017

2016
2016

2017
2017

2016
2016

December 31
December 31

$
$

— $
— $

— $
— $

8,204 $
8,204 $

 
 

 
 

1,522 $
1,522 $

 
 
 
 

— $
— $
36
36
—
—
—
—
36 $
36 $
2,432 $
2,432 $

$
$

$
$

$
$
$
$

 
 
2,732
2,732
 
 
 
 

— $
— $
46
46
—
—
—
—
46
46
4,274
4,274

$
$
$
$

— $
— $
—
—
—
—
—
—
— $
— $
— $
— $

 
 
 
 

869 $
869 $

1,661
1,661
5,644
5,644
30
30

8,204 $
8,204 $
19,281 $
19,281 $

— $
— $
—
—
—
—
—
—
— $
— $
— $
— $

 
 
9,906
9,906
 
 
 
 
902
902
2,338
2,338
6,569
6,569
97
97
9,906
9,906
22,155
22,155

$
$

$
$

$
$
$
$

 
 

1,631 $
1,631 $

 
 
 
 

33 $
33 $
—
—
—
—
—
—
33 $
33 $
2,287 $
2,287 $

 
 
1,635
1,635
 
 
 
 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,406
2,406

 
 

 
 

 
 

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

— $
— $

112 $
112 $

628 $
628 $

25,859
25,859

24,337 $
24,337 $

 
 
149
149
 
 

Consolidated VIEs
Consolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure
Maximum loss exposure
On-balance sheet assets
On-balance sheet assets
Trading account assets
Trading account assets
Loans and leases
Loans and leases
Allowance for loan and lease losses
Allowance for loan and lease losses
All other assets
All other assets
Total assets
Total assets

 
 
1,442
1,442
 
 
1,454
1,454
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,454
1,454
 
 
348
348
12
12
—
—
360
360
(1)  For unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure includes outstanding trust certificates issued by trusts in rapid amortization, net of recorded reserves. For both consolidated 
(1)  For unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure includes outstanding trust certificates issued by trusts in rapid amortization, net of recorded reserves. For both consolidated 
and unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees. For more information, see 
and unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees. For more information, see 
Note 7 – Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate Guarantees.
Note 7 – Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate Guarantees.

Short-term borrowings
Short-term borrowings
Long-term debt
Long-term debt
All other liabilities
All other liabilities
Total liabilities
Total liabilities

 
 
420
420
 
 
1,428
1,428
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,428
1,428
 
 

32,554
32,554
(988)
(988)
1,385
1,385
32,951 $
32,951 $

35,135
35,135
(1,007)
(1,007)
793
793
34,921
34,921

312 $
312 $
—
—
—
—
312 $
312 $

— $
— $
929
929
—
—
929 $
929 $

— $
— $
177
177
(9)
(9)
6
6

244
244
(16)
(16)
7
7
235
235
 
 

— $
— $
76
76
—
—
76 $
76 $

On-balance sheet liabilities
On-balance sheet liabilities

1,008
1,008
—
—
1,008
1,008

9,049
9,049
13
13
9,062
9,062

108
108
—
—
108
108

8,598
8,598
16
16

1,453 $
1,453 $

1,557 $
1,557 $

1,452 $
1,452 $

1,557 $
1,557 $

1,453 $
1,453 $

8,614 $
8,614 $

—
—
—
—
1
1

—
—
—
—
—
—

174 $
174 $

— $
— $

— $
— $

— $
— $

— $
— $

— $
— $

— $
— $

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

(2)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, loans and leases in the consolidated credit card trust included $15.6 billion and $17.6 billion of seller’s interest.
(2)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, loans and leases in the consolidated credit card trust included $15.6 billion and $17.6 billion of seller’s interest.
(3)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, all other assets in the consolidated credit card trust included restricted cash, certain short-term investments, and unbilled accrued interest and fees.
(3)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, all other assets in the consolidated credit card trust included restricted cash, certain short-term investments, and unbilled accrued interest and fees.
(4)  The retained senior and subordinate securities were valued using quoted market prices or observable market inputs (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).
(4)  The retained senior and subordinate securities were valued using quoted market prices or observable market inputs (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).
(5)  Total assets include loans the Corporation transferred with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loan.
(5)  Total assets include loans the Corporation transferred with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loan.

Home Equity Loans
Home Equity Loans
The Corporation retains interests in home equity securitization 
The Corporation retains interests in home equity securitization 
trusts to which it transferred home equity loans. These retained 
trusts to which it transferred home equity loans. These retained 
interests  primarily  include  senior  securities.  In  addition,  the 
interests  primarily  include  senior  securities.  In  addition,  the 
Corporation may be obligated to provide subordinate funding to 
Corporation may be obligated to provide subordinate funding to 
the trusts during a rapid amortization event. This obligation is 
the trusts during a rapid amortization event. This obligation is 
included in the maximum loss exposure in the table above. The 
included in the maximum loss exposure in the table above. The 
charges that will ultimately be recorded as a result of the rapid 
charges that will ultimately be recorded as a result of the rapid 
amortization events depend on the undrawn portion of the home 
amortization events depend on the undrawn portion of the home 
equity  lines  of  credit  (HELOCs),  performance  of  the  loans,  the 
equity  lines  of  credit  (HELOCs),  performance  of  the  loans,  the 
amount of subsequent draws and the timing of related cash flows. 
amount of subsequent draws and the timing of related cash flows. 
During 2015, the Corporation deconsolidated several HELOC 
During 2015, the Corporation deconsolidated several HELOC 
trusts with total assets of $488 million and total liabilities of $611 
trusts with total assets of $488 million and total liabilities of $611 
million  as  its  obligation  to  provide  subordinated  funding  is  no 
million  as  its  obligation  to  provide  subordinated  funding  is  no 
longer considered to be a potentially significant variable interest 
longer considered to be a potentially significant variable interest 
in the trusts following a decline in the amount of credit available 
in the trusts following a decline in the amount of credit available 
to be drawn by borrowers. In connection with deconsolidation, the 
to be drawn by borrowers. In connection with deconsolidation, the 
Corporation recorded a gain of $123 million in other income in 
Corporation recorded a gain of $123 million in other income in 
the  Consolidated  Statement  of  Income.  The  derecognition  of 
the  Consolidated  Statement  of  Income.  The  derecognition  of 
assets and liabilities represents non-cash investing and financing 
assets and liabilities represents non-cash investing and financing 
activities and, accordingly, is not reflected on the Consolidated 
activities and, accordingly, is not reflected on the Consolidated 
Statement  of  Cash  Flows.  There  were  no  deconsolidations  of 
Statement  of  Cash  Flows.  There  were  no  deconsolidations  of 
HELOC trusts in 2017 or 2016.
HELOC trusts in 2017 or 2016.

Credit Card Securitizations
Credit Card Securitizations
The Corporation securitizes originated and purchased credit card 
The Corporation securitizes originated and purchased credit card 
loans.  The  Corporation’s  continuing  involvement  with  the 
loans.  The  Corporation’s  continuing  involvement  with  the 
securitization trust includes servicing the receivables, retaining 
securitization trust includes servicing the receivables, retaining 
an  undivided  interest  (seller’s  interest)  in  the  receivables,  and 
an  undivided  interest  (seller’s  interest)  in  the  receivables,  and 
holding certain retained interests including subordinate interests 
holding certain retained interests including subordinate interests 
in accrued interest and fees on the securitized receivables and 
in accrued interest and fees on the securitized receivables and 
cash reserve accounts.
cash reserve accounts.

During  2017,  2016  and  2015,  new  senior  debt  securities 
During  2017,  2016  and  2015,  new  senior  debt  securities 
issued to third-party investors from the credit card securitization 
issued to third-party investors from the credit card securitization 
trust were $3.1 billion, $750 million and $2.3 billion.
trust were $3.1 billion, $750 million and $2.3 billion.

At  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  the  Corporation  held 
At  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  the  Corporation  held 
subordinate  securities  issued  by  the  credit  card  securitization 
subordinate  securities  issued  by  the  credit  card  securitization 
trust with a notional principal amount of $7.4 billion and $7.5 
trust with a notional principal amount of $7.4 billion and $7.5 
billion. These securities serve as a form of credit enhancement 
billion. These securities serve as a form of credit enhancement 
to the senior debt securities and have a stated interest rate of 
to the senior debt securities and have a stated interest rate of 
zero  percent.  During  2017,  2016  and  2015,  the  credit  card 
zero  percent.  During  2017,  2016  and  2015,  the  credit  card 
securitization trust issued $500 million, $121 million and $371 
securitization trust issued $500 million, $121 million and $371 
million of these subordinate securities.
million of these subordinate securities.

160     Bank of America 2017
160     Bank of America 2017

Resecuritization Trusts
Resecuritization Trusts
The  Corporation  transfers  securities,  typically  MBS, 
into 
The  Corporation  transfers  securities,  typically  MBS, 
into 
resecuritization  vehicles  at  the  request  of  customers  seeking 
resecuritization  vehicles  at  the  request  of  customers  seeking 
securities  with  specific  characteristics.  Generally,  there  are  no 
securities  with  specific  characteristics.  Generally,  there  are  no 
significant ongoing activities performed in a resecuritization trust, 
significant ongoing activities performed in a resecuritization trust, 
and no single investor has the unilateral ability to liquidate the 
and no single investor has the unilateral ability to liquidate the 
trust.
trust.

The Corporation resecuritized $25.1 billion, $23.4 billion and 
The Corporation resecuritized $25.1 billion, $23.4 billion and 
$30.7 billion of securities in 2017, 2016 and 2015. Securities 
$30.7 billion of securities in 2017, 2016 and 2015. Securities 
transferred into resecuritization vehicles during 2017, 2016 and 
transferred into resecuritization vehicles during 2017, 2016 and 
2015  were  measured  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value 
2015  were  measured  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value 
recorded in trading account profits prior to the resecuritization 
recorded in trading account profits prior to the resecuritization 
and no gain or loss on sale was recorded. During 2017, 2016 
and no gain or loss on sale was recorded. During 2017, 2016 
and 2015, resecuritization proceeds included securities with an 
and 2015, resecuritization proceeds included securities with an 
initial  fair  value  of  $3.3  billion,  $3.3  billion  and  $9.8  billion, 
initial  fair  value  of  $3.3  billion,  $3.3  billion  and  $9.8  billion, 
including $6.9 billion which were classified as HTM during 2015. 
including $6.9 billion which were classified as HTM during 2015. 
Substantially  all  of 
Substantially  all  of 
received  as 
received  as 
resecuritization proceeds were classified as trading securities and 
resecuritization proceeds were classified as trading securities and 
were categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.
were categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.

the  other  securities 
the  other  securities 

Municipal Bond Trusts
Municipal Bond Trusts
The  Corporation  administers  municipal  bond  trusts  that  hold 
The  Corporation  administers  municipal  bond  trusts  that  hold 
highly-rated,  long-term,  fixed-rate  municipal  bonds.  The  trusts 
highly-rated,  long-term,  fixed-rate  municipal  bonds.  The  trusts 
obtain  financing  by  issuing  floating-rate  trust  certificates  that 
obtain  financing  by  issuing  floating-rate  trust  certificates  that 
reprice  on  a  weekly  or  other  short-term  basis  to  third-party 
reprice  on  a  weekly  or  other  short-term  basis  to  third-party 
investors.
investors.

The  Corporation’s  liquidity  commitments  to  unconsolidated 
The  Corporation’s  liquidity  commitments  to  unconsolidated 
municipal bond trusts, including those for which the Corporation 
municipal bond trusts, including those for which the Corporation 
was transferor, totaled $1.6 billion at both December 31, 2017 
was transferor, totaled $1.6 billion at both December 31, 2017 
and 2016. The weighted-average remaining life of bonds held in 
and 2016. The weighted-average remaining life of bonds held in 
the trusts at December 31, 2017 was 6.0 years. There were no 
the trusts at December 31, 2017 was 6.0 years. There were no 
material write-downs or downgrades of assets or issuers during 
material write-downs or downgrades of assets or issuers during 
2017, 2016 and 2015.
2017, 2016 and 2015.

Other Variable Interest Entities
Other Variable Interest Entities
The table below summarizes select information related to other 
The table below summarizes select information related to other 
VIEs in which the Corporation held a variable interest at December 
VIEs in which the Corporation held a variable interest at December 
31, 2017 and 2016.
31, 2017 and 2016.

Other VIEs
Other VIEs

 

 

(Dollars in millions)
(Dollars in millions)
Maximum loss exposure
Maximum loss exposure
On-balance sheet assets
On-balance sheet assets
Trading account assets
Trading account assets
Debt securities carried at fair value
Debt securities carried at fair value
Loans and leases
Loans and leases
Allowance for loan and lease losses
Allowance for loan and lease losses
Loans held-for-sale
Loans held-for-sale
All other assets
All other assets
Total
Total

On-balance sheet liabilities
On-balance sheet liabilities
Long-term debt (1)
Long-term debt (1)
All other liabilities
All other liabilities
Total
Total

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$
$
$

Consolidated
Consolidated

Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated

Total
Total

Consolidated
Consolidated

Unconsolidated
Unconsolidated

Total
Total

2017
2017

2016
2016

December 31
December 31

4,660
4,660
 
 
2,709
2,709
—
—
2,152
2,152
(3)
(3)
27
27
62
62
4,947
4,947
 
 
270
270
18
18
288
288
4,947
4,947

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

19,785
19,785
 
 
346
346
160
160
3,596
3,596
(32)
(32)
940
940
14,276
14,276
19,286
19,286
 
 

$
$

$
$

$
$

— $
— $

3,417
3,417
3,417
3,417
69,746
69,746

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

24,445
24,445
 
 
3,055
3,055
160
160
5,748
5,748
(35)
(35)
967
967
14,338
14,338
24,233
24,233
 
 
270
270
3,435
3,435
3,705
3,705
74,693
74,693

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$
$
$

6,114
6,114
 
 
2,358
2,358
—
—
3,399
3,399
(9)
(9)
188
188
369
369
6,305
6,305
 
 
395
395
24
24
419
419
6,305
6,305

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

17,754
17,754
 
 
233
233
122
122
3,249
3,249
(24)
(24)
464
464
13,156
13,156
17,200
17,200
 
 

$
$

$
$

$
$

— $
— $

2,959
2,959
2,959
2,959
62,269
62,269

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

23,868
23,868
 
 
2,591
2,591
122
122
6,648
6,648
(33)
(33)
652
652
13,525
13,525
23,505
23,505
 
 
395
395
2,983
2,983
3,378
3,378
68,574
68,574

Total assets of VIEs
Total assets of VIEs
Includes $1 million and $229 million of long-term debt at December 31, 2017 and 2016 issued by other consolidated VIEs, which has recourse to the general credit of the Corporation.
Includes $1 million and $229 million of long-term debt at December 31, 2017 and 2016 issued by other consolidated VIEs, which has recourse to the general credit of the Corporation.
(1) 
(1) 

Customer Vehicles
Customer Vehicles
Customer  vehicles 
include  credit-linked,  equity-linked  and 
Customer  vehicles 
include  credit-linked,  equity-linked  and 
commodity-linked note vehicles, repackaging vehicles, and asset 
commodity-linked note vehicles, repackaging vehicles, and asset 
acquisition  vehicles,  which  are  typically  created  on  behalf  of 
acquisition  vehicles,  which  are  typically  created  on  behalf  of 
customers  who  wish  to  obtain  market  or  credit  exposure  to  a 
customers  who  wish  to  obtain  market  or  credit  exposure  to  a 
specific company, index, commodity or financial instrument.
specific company, index, commodity or financial instrument.

The  Corporation’s  maximum  loss  exposure  to  consolidated 
The  Corporation’s  maximum  loss  exposure  to  consolidated 
and unconsolidated customer vehicles totaled $2.3 billion and 
and unconsolidated customer vehicles totaled $2.3 billion and 
$2.9  billion  at  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  including  the 
$2.9  billion  at  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  including  the 
notional  amount  of  derivatives  to  which  the  Corporation  is  a 
notional  amount  of  derivatives  to  which  the  Corporation  is  a 
counterparty,  net  of  losses  previously  recorded,  and  the 
counterparty,  net  of  losses  previously  recorded,  and  the 
Corporation’s  investment,  if  any,  in  securities  issued  by  the 
Corporation’s  investment,  if  any,  in  securities  issued  by  the 
vehicles.  The  Corporation  also  had  liquidity  commitments, 
vehicles.  The  Corporation  also  had  liquidity  commitments, 
including written put options and collateral value guarantees, with 
including written put options and collateral value guarantees, with 
certain unconsolidated vehicles of $442 million and $323 million 
certain unconsolidated vehicles of $442 million and $323 million 
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, that are included in the table 
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, that are included in the table 
above.
above.

Collateralized Debt Obligation Vehicles
Collateralized Debt Obligation Vehicles
The Corporation receives fees for structuring CDO vehicles, which 
The Corporation receives fees for structuring CDO vehicles, which 
hold  diversified  pools  of  fixed-income  securities,  typically 
hold  diversified  pools  of  fixed-income  securities,  typically 
corporate debt or ABS, which the CDO vehicles fund by issuing 
corporate debt or ABS, which the CDO vehicles fund by issuing 
multiple tranches of debt and equity securities. CDOs are generally 
multiple tranches of debt and equity securities. CDOs are generally 
managed  by  third-party  portfolio  managers.  The  Corporation 
managed  by  third-party  portfolio  managers.  The  Corporation 
typically transfers assets to these CDOs, holds securities issued 
typically transfers assets to these CDOs, holds securities issued 

by the CDOs and may be a derivative counterparty to the CDOs. 
by the CDOs and may be a derivative counterparty to the CDOs. 
The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to consolidated and 
The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to consolidated and 
unconsolidated CDOs totaled $358 million and $430 million at 
unconsolidated CDOs totaled $358 million and $430 million at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016.
December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Investment Vehicles
Investment Vehicles
The Corporation sponsors, invests in or provides financing, which 
The Corporation sponsors, invests in or provides financing, which 
may  be  in  connection  with  the  sale  of  assets,  to  a  variety  of 
may  be  in  connection  with  the  sale  of  assets,  to  a  variety  of 
investment vehicles that hold loans, real estate, debt securities 
investment vehicles that hold loans, real estate, debt securities 
or other financial instruments and are designed to provide the 
or other financial instruments and are designed to provide the 
desired  investment  profile  to  investors  or  the  Corporation.  At 
desired  investment  profile  to  investors  or  the  Corporation.  At 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Corporation’s consolidated 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Corporation’s consolidated 
investment vehicles had total assets of $249 million and $846 
investment vehicles had total assets of $249 million and $846 
million. The Corporation also held investments in unconsolidated 
million. The Corporation also held investments in unconsolidated 
vehicles with total assets of $20.3 billion and $17.3 billion at 
vehicles with total assets of $20.3 billion and $17.3 billion at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The Corporation’s maximum loss 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The Corporation’s maximum loss 
exposure associated with both consolidated and unconsolidated 
exposure associated with both consolidated and unconsolidated 
investment  vehicles  totaled  $5.7  billion  and  $5.1  billion  at 
investment  vehicles  totaled  $5.7  billion  and  $5.1  billion  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016 comprised primarily of on-balance 
December 31, 2017 and 2016 comprised primarily of on-balance 
sheet assets less non-recourse liabilities.
sheet assets less non-recourse liabilities.

In prior periods, the Corporation transferred servicing advance 
In prior periods, the Corporation transferred servicing advance 
receivables to independent third parties in connection with the 
receivables to independent third parties in connection with the 
sale of MSRs. Portions of the receivables were transferred into 
sale of MSRs. Portions of the receivables were transferred into 
unconsolidated  securitization  trusts.  The  Corporation  retained 
unconsolidated  securitization  trusts.  The  Corporation  retained 
senior  interests  in  such  receivables  with  a  maximum  loss 
senior  interests  in  such  receivables  with  a  maximum  loss 
exposure and funding obligation of $50 million and $150 million, 
exposure and funding obligation of $50 million and $150 million, 
Bank of America 2017     161 
Bank of America 2017     161 

including  a  funded  balance  of  $39  million  and  $75  million  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, which were classified in other 
debt securities carried at fair value.

Leveraged Lease Trusts
The Corporation’s net investment in consolidated leveraged lease 
trusts totaled $2.0 billion and $2.6 billion at December 31, 2017 
and 2016. The trusts hold long-lived equipment such as rail cars, 
power  generation  and  distribution  equipment,  and  commercial 
aircraft.  The  Corporation  structures  the  trusts  and  holds  a 
significant residual interest. The net investment represents the 
Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to the trusts in the unlikely 
event that the leveraged lease investments become worthless. 
Debt issued by the leveraged lease trusts is non-recourse to the 
Corporation.

investments 

The  Corporation’s 

Tax Credit Vehicles
The  Corporation  holds  investments  in  unconsolidated  limited 
partnerships and similar entities that construct, own and operate 
affordable housing, wind and solar projects. An unrelated third 
party is typically the general partner or managing member and 
has  control  over  the  significant  activities  of  the  vehicle.  The 
Corporation  earns  a  return  primarily  through  the  receipt  of  tax 
credits  allocated  to  the  projects.  The  maximum  loss  exposure 
included  in  the  Other  VIEs  table  was  $13.8  billion  and  $12.6 
billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The Corporation’s risk 
of loss is generally mitigated by policies requiring that the project 
qualify for the expected tax credits prior to making its investment.
in  affordable  housing 
partnerships,  which  are  reported  in  other  assets  on  the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet, totaled $8.0 billion and $7.4 billion, 
including unfunded commitments to provide capital contributions 
of $3.1 billion and $2.7 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 
The unfunded commitments are expected to be paid over the next 
5 years. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Corporation recognized 
tax credits and other tax benefits from investments in affordable 
housing partnerships of $1.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $928 million 
and reported pre-tax losses in other noninterest income of $766 
million, $789 million and $629 million, respectively. Tax credits 
are recognized as part of the Corporation’s annual effective tax 
rate used to determine tax expense in a given quarter. Accordingly, 
the portion of a year’s expected tax benefits recognized in any 
given quarter may differ from 25 percent. The Corporation may 
from time to time be asked to invest additional amounts to support 
a 
troubled  affordable  housing  project.  Such  additional 
investments have not been and are not expected to be significant.

NOTE 7 Representations and Warranties 
Obligations and Corporate Guarantees
The Corporation securitizes first-lien residential mortgage loans 
generally in the form of RMBS guaranteed by the GSEs or by GNMA 
in  the  case  of  FHA-insured,  VA-guaranteed  and  Rural  Housing 
Service-guaranteed mortgage loans, and sells pools of first-lien 
residential mortgage loans in the form of whole loans. In addition, 
in  prior  years,  legacy  companies  and  certain  subsidiaries  sold 
pools of first-lien residential mortgage loans and home equity loans 
as private-label securitizations or in the form of whole loans. In 
connection with these transactions, the Corporation or certain of 
its subsidiaries or legacy companies make and have made various 
representations 
these 
representations and warranties have resulted in and may continue 
to result in the requirement to repurchase mortgage loans or to 
otherwise  make  whole  or  provide  other  remedies  to  investors, 
securitization  trusts,  guarantors,  insurers  or  other  parties 
(collectively, repurchases). 

and  warranties.  Breaches 

of 

162  Bank of America 2017
162     Bank of America 2017

Settlement Actions
The  Corporation  has  vigorously  contested  any  request  for 
repurchase  where  it  has  concluded  that  a  valid  basis  for 
repurchase does not exist and will continue to do so in the future. 
However, in an effort to resolve legacy mortgage-related issues, 
the Corporation has reached bulk settlements, certain of which 
have been for significant amounts, in lieu of a loan-by-loan review 
process.  The  Corporation’s  liability  in  connection  with  the 
transactions and claims not covered by these settlements could 
be material to the Corporation’s results of operations or liquidity 
for any particular reporting period. The Corporation may reach other 
settlements in the future if opportunities arise on terms it believes 
to be advantageous. However, there can be no assurance that the 
Corporation will reach future settlements or, if it does, that the 
terms of past settlements can be relied upon to predict the terms 
of future settlements.

Unresolved Repurchase Claims
Unresolved  representations  and  warranties  repurchase  claims 
represent  the  notional  amount  of  repurchase  claims  made  by 
counterparties, typically the outstanding principal balance or the 
unpaid principal balance at the time of default. In the case of first-
lien mortgages, the claim amount is often significantly greater than 
the expected loss amount due to the benefit of collateral and, in 
some  cases,  mortgage  insurance  or  mortgage  guarantee 
payments.  Claims 
remain 
outstanding until the underlying loan is repurchased, the claim is 
rescinded by the counterparty, the Corporation determines that 
the  applicable  statute  of 
limitations  has  expired,  or 
representations  and  warranties  claims  with  respect  to  the 
applicable  trust  are  settled,  and  fully  and  finally  released.  The 
Corporation  does  not  include  duplicate  claims  in  the  amounts 
disclosed. 

from  a  counterparty 

received 

The  table  below  presents  unresolved  repurchase  claims  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The unresolved repurchase claims 
include  only  claims  where  the  Corporation  believes  that  the 
counterparty  has  the  contractual  right  to  submit  claims.  The 
unresolved repurchase claims predominantly relate to subprime 
and pay option first-lien loans and home equity loans originated 
primarily  between  2004  and  2008.  For  more  information,  see 
Private-label Securitizations and Whole-loan Sales Experience in 
this Note and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies. 

Unresolved Repurchase Claims by Counterparty, Net of
Duplicate Claims

(Dollars in millions)
By counterparty

Private-label securitization trustees, whole-

loan investors, including third-party 
securitization sponsors and other (1)

Monolines
GSEs

Total unresolved repurchase claims by
counterparty, net of duplicate claims

December 31

2017

2016

 

 

$

$

$

16,064
1,565
5

16,685
1,583
9

17,634

$

18,277

(1) 

Includes $11.4 billion and $11.9 billion of claims based on individual file reviews and $4.7 
billion and $4.8 billion of claims submitted without individual file reviews at December 31, 2017
and 2016.

During  2017,  the  Corporation  received  $151  million  in  new 
repurchase  claims  and  $794  million  in  claims  were  resolved, 
including $640 million related to settlements. Of the remaining 
unresolved monoline claims, substantially all of the claims pertain 
to second-lien loans and are currently the subject of litigation with 
a single monoline insurer. There may be additional claims or file 
requests in the future.

In  addition  to  the  unresolved  repurchase  claims  in  the 
Unresolved Repurchase Claims by Counterparty, Net of Duplicate 
Claims table, the Corporation has received notifications from a 
sponsor of third-party securitizations with whom the Corporation 
engaged in whole-loan transactions indicating that the Corporation 
may have indemnity obligations with respect to specific loans for 
which  the  Corporation  has  not  received  a  repurchase  request. 
These notifications were received prior to 2015, and totaled $1.3 
billion at both December 31, 2017 and 2016. During 2017, the 
Corporation reached agreements with certain parties requesting 
indemnity.  One  such  agreement  is  subject  to  acceptance  by  a 
securitization trustee. The impact of these agreements is included 
in the provision and reserve for representations and warranties.

The presence of repurchase claims on a given trust, receipt of 
notices  of  indemnification  obligations  and  receipt  of  other 
communications, as discussed above, are all factors that inform 
the Corporation’s reserve for representations and warranties and 
the corresponding estimated range of possible loss.

Private-label Securitizations and Whole-loan Sales 
Experience
The notional amount of unresolved repurchase claims at December 
31, 2017 and 2016 included $6.9 billion and $5.6 billion of claims 
related to loans in specific private-label securitization groups or 
tranches  where  the  Corporation  owns  substantially  all  of  the 
outstanding securities or will otherwise realize the benefit of any 
repurchase claims paid.

The overall decrease in the notional amount of outstanding 
unresolved repurchase claims in 2017 was primarily due to claims 
that  were  resolved  as  a  result  of  settlements.  Outstanding 
repurchase claims remained unresolved primarily due to (1) the 
level of detail, support and analysis accompanying such claims, 
which impact overall claim quality and, therefore, claims resolution, 
and (2) the lack of an established process to resolve disputes 
related to these claims.

The Corporation reviews properly presented repurchase claims 
on a loan-by-loan basis. For time-barred claims, the counterparty 
is informed that the claim is denied on the basis of the statute of 
limitations and the claim is treated as resolved. For timely claims, 
if the Corporation, after review, does not believe a claim is valid, 
it will deny the claim and generally indicate a reason for the denial. 
If  the  counterparty  agrees  with  the  Corporation’s  denial  of  the 
claim,  the  counterparty  may  rescind  the  claim.  If  there  is  a 
disagreement  as  to  the  resolution  of  the  claim,  meaningful 
dialogue  and  negotiation  between  the  parties  are  generally 
necessary  to  reach  a  resolution  on  an  individual  claim.  The 
Corporation  has  performed  an  initial  review  with  respect  to 
substantially all outstanding claims and, although the Corporation 
does not believe a valid basis for repurchase has been established 
by the claimant, it considers such claims activity in the computation 
of its liability for representations and warranties.

Reserve and Estimated Range of Possible Loss
The  reserve  for  representations  and  warranties  and  corporate 
guarantees is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities 
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the related provision is 
included  in  mortgage  banking  income  in  the  Consolidated 
Statement   of  Income.  The  reserve  for   representations  and 

warranties  is  established  when  those  obligations  are  both 
probable and reasonably estimable.

The Corporation’s representations and warranties reserve and 
the corresponding estimated range of possible loss at December 
31, 2017 consider, among other things, the repurchase experience 
implied in prior settlements, and uses the experience implied in 
those prior settlements in the assessment for those trusts where 
the Corporation has a continuing possibility of timely claims in 
order  to  determine  the  representations  and  warranties  reserve 
and the corresponding estimated range of possible loss.

The  table  below  presents  a  rollforward  of  the  reserve  for 

representations and warranties and corporate guarantees.

Representations and Warranties and Corporate
Guarantees

(Dollars in millions)
Reserve for representations and warranties

and corporate guarantees, January 1

$

Additions for new sales
Payments (1)
Provision

2017

2016

$

2,339
4
(814)
393

11,326
4
(9,097)
106

Reserve for representations and

warranties and corporate guarantees,
December 31

$

1,922

$

2,339

(1) 

In February 2016, the Corporation made an $8.5 billion settlement payment as part of the 
settlement with BNY Mellon.

The  representations  and  warranties  reserve  represents  the 
Corporation’s  best  estimate  of  probable  incurred  losses  as  of 
December 31, 2017. However, it is reasonably possible that future 
representations and warranties losses may occur in excess of the 
amounts recorded for these exposures. 

The Corporation currently estimates that the range of possible 
loss for representations and warranties exposures could be up to 
$1  billion  over  existing  accruals  at  December  31,  2017.  This 
estimate is lower than the estimate at December 31, 2016 due 
to  recent  reductions  in  risk  as  we  reach  settlements  with 
counterparties. The Corporation treats claims that are time-barred 
as resolved and does not consider such claims in the estimated 
range  of  possible  loss.  The  estimated  range  of  possible  loss 
reflects  principally  exposures  related  to  loans  in  private-label 
securitization  trusts,  including  related  indemnity  claims.  It 
represents a reasonably possible loss, but does not represent a 
probable  loss,  and  is  based  on  currently  available  information, 
significant judgment and a number of assumptions that are subject 
to change.

The reserve for representations and warranties exposures and 
the  corresponding  estimated  range  of  possible  loss  do  not 
consider certain losses related to servicing, including foreclosure 
and related costs, fraud, indemnity, or claims (including for RMBS) 
related to securities law or monoline insurance litigation. Losses 
with respect to one or more of these matters could be material to 
the Corporation’s results of operations or liquidity for any particular 
reporting period.

Future  provisions  and/or  ranges  of  possible  loss  for 
representations and warranties may be significantly impacted if 
actual  experiences  are  different 
the  Corporation’s 
assumptions in predictive models.

from 

Bank of America 2017     163 
163
Bank of America 2017 

NOTE 8 Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Goodwill
The table below presents goodwill balances by business segment and All Other at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The reporting units 
utilized for goodwill impairment testing are the operating segments or one level below.

Goodwill

(Dollars in millions)
Consumer Banking
Global Wealth & Investment Management
Global Banking
Global Markets
All Other
Less: Goodwill of business held for sale (1)

30,123
9,681
23,923
5,197
820
(775)
68,969
(1)  Reflects the goodwill assigned to the non-U.S. consumer credit card business, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016. 

30,123
9,677
23,923
5,182
46
—
68,951

Total goodwill

$

$

$

$

December 31

2017

2016

In 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit card business. 

During 2017, the Corporation completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2017 for all applicable reporting units. 

Based on the results of the annual goodwill impairment test, the Corporation determined there was no impairment.

Intangible Assets
The table below presents the gross and net carrying values and accumulated amortization for intangible assets at December 31, 
2017 and 2016.

Intangible Assets (1, 2)

(Dollars in millions)
Purchased credit card and affinity relationships
Core deposit and other intangibles (3)
Customer relationships

Total intangible assets (4)

Gross

Carrying Value

Accumulated
Amortization

Net

Gross

Carrying Value

Carrying Value

Accumulated
Amortization

Net

Carrying Value

December 31, 2017

5,919
3,835
3,886
13,640

$

$

5,604
2,140
3,584
11,328

$

$

$

$

315
1,695
302
2,312

$

$

December 31, 2016

6,830
3,836
3,887
14,553

$

$

6,243
2,046
3,275
11,564

$

$

587
1,790
612
2,989

(1)  Excludes fully amortized intangible assets.
(2)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, none of the intangible assets were impaired.
(3) 

(4) 

Includes $1.6 billion at both December 31, 2017 and 2016 of intangible assets associated with trade names that have an indefinite life and, accordingly, are not amortized. 
Includes $67 million at December 31, 2016 of intangible assets assigned to the non-U.S. consumer credit card business, which was included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet at December 31, 2016.

Amortization of intangibles expense was $621 million, $730 million and $834 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015. The Corporation 
estimates aggregate amortization expense will be $538 million, $105 million and $53 million for the years through 2020 and none 
for the years thereafter. 

164  Bank of America 2017

164     Bank of America 2017

NOTE 9 Deposits
The table below presents information about the Corporation’s time deposits of $100 thousand or more at December 31, 2017 and 
2016. The Corporation also had aggregate time deposits of $17.0 billion and $18.3 billion in denominations that met or exceeded 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limit at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

Time Deposits of $100 Thousand or More

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. certificates of deposit and other time deposits
Non-U.S. certificates of deposit and other time deposits

December 31, 2017

December 31

2016

Three Months

or Less

$

12,505
10,561

Over Three
Months to

Twelve Months
10,660
$
3,652

Thereafter

Total

Total

$

$

2,027
1,259

25,192
15,472

$

32,898
14,677

The scheduled contractual maturities for total time deposits at December 31, 2017 are presented in the table below.

Contractual Maturities of Total Time Deposits

(Dollars in millions)
Due in 2018
Due in 2019
Due in 2020
Due in 2021
Due in 2022
Thereafter

Total time deposits

U.S.

Non-U.S.

Total

$

$

46,774
2,623
1,661
514
452
264
52,288

$

$

14,264
657
49
15
562
9
15,556

$

$

61,038
3,280
1,710
529
1,014
273
67,844

NOTE 10 Federal Funds Sold or Purchased, Securities Financing Agreements and Short-term 
Borrowings
The table below presents federal funds sold or purchased, securities financing agreements, which include securities borrowed or 
purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, and short-term borrowings. The 
Corporation elects to account for certain securities financing agreements and short-term borrowings under the fair value option. For 
more information on the election of the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option.

(Dollars in millions)
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell

Average during year
Maximum month-end balance during year

Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase

Average during year
Maximum month-end balance during year

Short-term borrowings
Average during year
Maximum month-end balance during year

n/a = not applicable

Amount

Rate

Amount

Rate

2017

2016

$ 222,818
237,064

$ 199,501
218,017

1.07% $ 216,161
225,015

n/a

1.30% $ 183,818
196,631

n/a

37,337
46,202

2.48%
n/a

29,440
33,051

0.52%
n/a

0.97%
n/a

1.95%
n/a

Bank of America, N.A. maintains a global program to offer up to a maximum of $75 billion outstanding at any one time, of bank 
notes with fixed or floating rates and maturities of at least seven days from the date of issue. Short-term bank notes outstanding under 
this program totaled $14.2 billion and $9.3 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016. These short-term bank notes, along with FHLB 
advances, U.S. Treasury tax and loan notes, and term federal funds purchased, are included in short-term borrowings on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet.

Bank of America 2017     165 

Offsetting of Securities Financing Agreements
The Corporation enters into securities financing agreements to 
accommodate  customers  (also  referred  to  as  “matched-book 
transactions”), obtain securities to cover short positions, and to 
finance inventory positions. Substantially all of the Corporation’s 
securities  financing  activities  are  transacted  under  legally 
enforceable master repurchase agreements or legally enforceable 
master securities lending agreements that give the Corporation, 
in the event of default by the counterparty, the right to liquidate 
securities held and to offset receivables and payables with the 
same counterparty.

The Securities Financing Agreements table presents securities 
financing agreements included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
in federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under 
agreements  to  resell,  and  in  federal  funds  purchased  and 
securities  loaned  or  sold  under  agreements  to  repurchase  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. Balances are presented on a gross 
basis, prior to the application of counterparty netting. Gross assets 
and  liabilities  are  adjusted  on  an  aggregate  basis  to  take  into 
consideration  the  effects  of  legally  enforceable  master  netting 
agreements. For more information on the offsetting of derivatives, 
see Note 2 – Derivatives.

Securities Financing Agreements

(Dollars in millions)
Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell (3)
Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
Other (4)
Total

Gross Assets/
Liabilities (1)

Amounts

Offset

Net Balance
Sheet Amount

Financial 

Instruments (2)

Net Assets/
Liabilities

December 31, 2017

$
$

$

348,472
312,582
22,711
335,293

$
$

$

(135,725) $
(135,725) $

—

(135,725) $

212,747
176,857
22,711
199,568

$
$

$

(165,720) $
(146,205) $

(22,711)

(168,916) $

47,027
30,652
—
30,652

December 31, 2016

Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell (3)
Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
Other (4)
$
Total
Includes activity where uncertainty exists as to the enforceability of certain master netting agreements under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries.
Includes securities collateral received or pledged under repurchase or securities lending agreements where there is a legally enforceable master netting agreement. These amounts are not offset 
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, but are shown as a reduction to derive a net asset or liability. Securities collateral received or pledged where the legal enforceability of the master netting 
agreements is uncertain is excluded from the table.

326,970
299,028
14,448
313,476

198,224
170,282
14,448
184,730

43,250
29,508
—
29,508

(128,746) $
(128,746) $

(154,974) $
(140,774) $

(128,746) $

(155,222) $

(14,448)

$
$

$
$

$
$

—

$

$

(1) 

(2) 

(3)  Excludes repurchase activity of $10.2 billion and $10.1 billion reported in loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(4)  Balance is reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and relates to transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement 
and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral or sold. In these transactions, the Corporation recognizes an asset at fair value, representing the securities received, and a liability, representing 
the obligation to return those securities.

Repurchase Agreements and Securities Loaned 
Transactions Accounted for as Secured Borrowings
The following tables present securities sold under agreements to 
repurchase and securities loaned by remaining contractual term 
to maturity and class of collateral pledged. Included in “Other” are 
transactions  where  the  Corporation  acts  as  the  lender  in  a 

securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be 
pledged as collateral or sold. Certain agreements contain a right 
to substitute collateral and/or terminate the agreement prior to 
maturity at the option of the Corporation or the counterparty. Such 
agreements are included in the table below based on the remaining 
contractual term to maturity.

Overnight and

Continuous

30 Days or

Less

After 30 Days
Through 90

Days

December 31, 2017

Greater than 
90 Days (1)

Total

$

$

$

$

125,956
9,853
22,711
158,520

129,853
8,564
14,448
152,865

$

$

$

$

79,913
5,658
—
85,571

$

$

46,091
2,043
—
48,134

December 31, 2016

77,780
6,602
—
84,382

$

$

31,851
1,473
—
33,324

$

$

$

$

38,935
4,133
—
43,068

40,752
2,153
—
42,905

$

$

$

$

290,895
21,687
22,711
335,293

280,236
18,792
14,448
313,476

Remaining Contractual Maturity

(Dollars in millions)
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
Securities loaned
Other
Total

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
Securities loaned
Other
Total

(1)  No agreements have maturities greater than three years.

166     Bank of America 2017

Class of Collateral Pledged

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. government and agency securities
Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Equity securities
Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Mortgage trading loans and ABS

Total

U.S. government and agency securities
Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Equity securities
Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Mortgage trading loans and ABS

Total

Securities
Sold Under
Agreements
to Repurchase

Securities
Loaned

Other

Total

$

$

$

$

158,299
12,787
23,975
90,857
4,977
290,895

153,184
11,086
24,007
84,171
7,788
280,236

$

$

$

$

December 31, 2017

— $

2,669
13,523
5,495
—
21,687

$

409
624
21,628
50
—
22,711

December 31, 2016

— $

1,630
11,175
5,987
—
18,792

$

70
127
14,196
55
—
14,448

$

$

$

$

158,708
16,080
59,126
96,402
4,977
335,293

153,254
12,843
49,378
90,213
7,788
313,476

The Corporation is required to post collateral with a market 
value equal to or in excess of the principal amount borrowed under 
repurchase agreements. For securities loaned transactions, the 
Corporation receives collateral in the form of cash, letters of credit 
or other securities. To determine whether the market value of the 
underlying  collateral  remains  sufficient,  collateral  is  generally 
valued  daily, and  the Corporation  may be  required  to  deposit 

additional collateral or may receive or return collateral pledged 
when appropriate. Repurchase agreements and securities loaned 
transactions  are  generally  either  overnight,  continuous  (i.e.,  no 
stated term) or short-term. The Corporation manages liquidity risks 
related to these agreements by sourcing funding from a diverse 
group of counterparties, providing a range of securities collateral 
and pursuing longer durations, when appropriate.

Bank of America 2017     167 

NOTE 11 Long-term Debt
Long-term debt consists of borrowings having an original maturity of one year or more. The table below presents the balance of long-
term debt at December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related contractual rates and maturity dates as of December 31, 2017.

(Dollars in millions)
Notes issued by Bank of America Corporation
Senior notes:

Fixed, with a weighted-average rate of 3.64%, ranging from 0.39% to 8.40%, due 2018 to 2048
Floating, with a weighted-average rate of 1.54%, ranging from 0.04% to 6.13%, due 2018 to 2044

Senior structured notes
Subordinated notes:

Fixed, with a weighted-average rate of 4.90%, ranging from 2.94% to 8.57%, due 2018 to 2045
Floating, with a weighted-average rate of 1.00%, ranging from 0.20% to 2.56%, due 2018 to 2026

Junior subordinated notes (related to trust preferred securities):

Fixed, with a weighted-average rate of 6.91%, ranging from 5.25% to 8.05%, due 2027 to 2067
Floating, with a weighted-average rate of 2.13%, ranging from 1.91% to 2.60%, due 2027 to 2056

Total notes issued by Bank of America Corporation

Notes issued by Bank of America, N.A.
Senior notes:

Fixed, with a weighted-average rate of 1.78%, ranging from 0.02% to 2.05%, due in 2018
Floating, with a weighted-average rate of 2.60%, ranging from 1.44% to 2.80%, due 2018 to 2041

Subordinated notes:

Fixed, with a rate of 6.00%, due in 2036
Floating, with a rate of 1.33%, due in 2019

Advances from Federal Home Loan Banks:

Fixed, with a weighted-average rate of 5.22%, ranging from 0.01% to 7.72%, due 2018 to 2034
Floating, with a weighted-average rate of 1.42%, ranging from 1.35% to 1.60%, due 2018 to 2019

Securitizations and other BANA VIEs (1)
Other

Total notes issued by Bank of America, N.A.

Other debt
Structured liabilities
Nonbank VIEs (1)
Other

Total other debt
Total long-term debt

 

December 31

2017

2016

 
 
119,548
21,048
15,460

22,004
4,058

3,282
553
185,953
 
 
4,686
1,033

1,679
1

146
5,000
8,641
432
21,618
 
18,574
1,232
25
19,831
227,402

$

$

 
 
108,933
13,164
17,049

26,047
4,350

3,280
552
173,375
 
 
5,936
3,383

4,424
598

162
—
9,164
3,084
26,751
 
15,171
1,482
44
16,697
216,823

$

$

(1)  Represents the total long-term debt included in the liabilities of consolidated VIEs on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Bank  of  America  Corporation  and  Bank  of  America,  N.A. 
maintain various U.S. and non-U.S. debt programs to offer both 
senior and subordinated notes. The notes may be denominated 
in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies. At December 31, 2017 and 
2016, the amount of foreign currency-denominated debt translated 
into U.S. dollars included in total long-term debt was $51.8 billion 
and  $44.7  billion.  Foreign  currency  contracts  may  be  used  to 
convert  certain  foreign  currency-denominated  debt  into  U.S. 
dollars.

At December 31, 2017, long-term debt of consolidated VIEs in 
the table above included debt from credit card, home equity and 
all  other  VIEs  of  $8.6  billion,  $76  million  and  $1.2  billion, 
respectively. Long-term debt of VIEs is collateralized by the assets 
of the VIEs. For more information, see Note 6 – Securitizations and 
Other Variable Interest Entities.

The weighted-average effective interest rates for total long-term 
debt (excluding senior structured notes), total fixed-rate debt and 
total floating-rate debt were 3.44 percent, 3.87 percent and 1.49 
percent, respectively, at December 31, 2017, and 3.80 percent, 
4.36  percent  and  1.52  percent,  respectively,  at  December  31, 
2016. The Corporation’s ALM activities maintain an overall interest 
rate  risk  management  strategy  that  incorporates  the  use  of 
interest rate contracts to manage fluctuations in earnings that are 
caused  by  interest  rate  volatility.  The  Corporation’s  goal  is  to 
manage  interest  rate  sensitivity  so  that  movements  in  interest 
rates do not significantly adversely affect earnings and capital. 

The weighted-average rates are the contractual interest rates on 
the debt and do not reflect the impacts of derivative transactions.
Certain senior structured notes and structured liabilities are 
accounted for under the fair value option. For more information on 
these notes, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option. Debt outstanding of 
$2.7 billion at December 31, 2017 was issued by a 100 percent 
owned  finance  subsidiary  of  the  parent  company  and  is 
unconditionally guaranteed by the parent company.

The  following  table  shows  the  carrying  value  for  aggregate 
annual contractual maturities of long-term debt as of December 
31, 2017. Included in the table are certain structured notes issued 
by the Corporation that contain provisions whereby the borrowings 
are redeemable at the option of the holder (put options) at specified 
dates  prior  to  maturity.  Other  structured  notes  have  coupon  or 
repayment  terms  linked  to  the  performance  of  debt  or  equity 
securities, indices, currencies or commodities, and the maturity 
may be accelerated based on the value of a referenced index or 
security. In both cases, the Corporation or a subsidiary may be 
required to settle the obligation for cash or other securities prior 
to the contractual maturity date. These borrowings are reflected 
in the table as maturing at their contractual maturity date.

During  2017,  the  Corporation  had  total  long-term  debt 
maturities  and  redemptions  in  the  aggregate  of  $48.8  billion
consisting of $29.1 billion for Bank of America Corporation, $13.3 
billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $6.4 billion of other debt. 
During 2016, the Corporation had total long-term debt maturities 
and redemptions in the aggregate of $51.6 billion consisting of 

168     Bank of America 2017

$30.6 billion for Bank of America Corporation, $11.6 billion for 
Bank of America, N.A. and $9.4 billion of other debt.

In  December  2017,  pursuant  to  a  private  offering,  the 
Corporation exchanged $11.0 billion of outstanding long-term debt 
for new fixed/floating-rate senior notes, subject to certain terms 
and  conditions.  Based  on  the  attributes  of  the  exchange 
transactions,  the  newly  issued  securities  are  not  considered 

substantially  different,  for  accounting  purposes,  from  the 
exchanged  securities.  Therefore,  there  was  no  impact  to  the 
Corporation’s results of operations as any amounts paid to debt 
holders were capitalized, and the premiums or discounts on the 
outstanding long-term debt were carried over to the new securities 
and will be amortized over their contractual lives using a revised 
effective interest rate.

Long-term Debt by Maturity

(Dollars in millions)
Bank of America Corporation

Senior notes
Senior structured notes
Subordinated notes
Junior subordinated notes

Total Bank of America Corporation

Bank of America, N.A.

Senior notes
Subordinated notes
Advances from Federal Home Loan Banks
Securitizations and other Bank VIEs (1)
Other

Total Bank of America, N.A.

Other debt

Structured liabilities
Nonbank VIEs (1)
Other

Total other debt
Total long-term debt

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Thereafter

Total

$

$

19,577
2,749
2,973
—
25,299

5,699
—
3,009
2,300
51
11,059

5,677
22
—
5,699
42,057

$

$

15,115
1,486
1,552
—
18,153

—
1
2,013
3,200
194
5,408

2,340
45
—
2,385
25,946

$

$

10,580
950
—
—
11,530

—
—
11
3,098
15
3,124

1,545
—
—
1,545
16,199

$

$

16,196
437
375
—
17,008

$

9,691
2,017
476
—
12,184

$

69,437
7,821
20,686
3,835
101,779

—
—
2
—
—
2

—
—
3
—
9
12

20
1,679
108
43
163
2,013

870
—
—
870
17,880

$

803
—
—
803
12,999

7,339
1,165
25
8,529
$ 112,321

$

$

140,596
15,460
26,062
3,835
185,953

5,719
1,680
5,146
8,641
432
21,618

18,574
1,232
25
19,831
227,402

(1)   Represents the total long-term debt included in the liabilities of consolidated VIEs on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Trust Preferred and Hybrid Securities
Trust preferred securities (Trust Securities) are primarily issued by 
trust companies (the Trusts) that are not consolidated. These Trust 
Securities  are  mandatorily 
redeemable  preferred  security 
obligations of the Trusts. The sole assets of the Trusts generally 
are  junior  subordinated  deferrable  interest  notes  of  the 
Corporation or its subsidiaries (the Notes). The Trusts generally 
are 100 percent-owned finance subsidiaries of the Corporation. 
Obligations associated with the Notes are included in the long-
term debt table on page 168.

Certain of the Trust Securities were issued at a discount and 
may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Corporation. 
The  Trusts  generally  have  invested  the  proceeds  of  such  Trust 
Securities in the Notes. Each issue of the Notes has an interest 
rate equal to the corresponding Trust Securities distribution rate. 
The Corporation has the right to defer payment of interest on the 
Notes at any time or from time to time for a period not exceeding 
five years provided that no extension period may extend beyond 
the  stated  maturity  of  the  relevant  Notes.  During  any  such 

extension period, distributions on the Trust Securities will also be 
deferred,  and  the  Corporation’s  ability  to  pay  dividends  on  its 
common and preferred stock will be restricted.

The  Trust  Securities  generally  are  subject  to  mandatory 
redemption upon repayment of the related Notes at their stated 
maturity dates or their earlier redemption at a redemption price 
equal to their liquidation amount plus accrued distributions to the 
date  fixed  for  redemption  and  the  premium,  if  any,  paid  by  the 
Corporation upon concurrent repayment of the related Notes.

Periodic  cash  payments  and  payments  upon  liquidation  or 
redemption with respect to Trust Securities are guaranteed by the 
Corporation or its subsidiaries to the extent of funds held by the 
Trusts  (the  Preferred  Securities  Guarantee).  The  Preferred 
Securities Guarantee, when taken together with the Corporation’s 
other  obligations  including  its  obligations  under  the  Notes, 
generally will constitute a full and unconditional guarantee, on a 
subordinated basis, by the Corporation of payments due on the 
Trust Securities.

Bank of America 2017     169 

The Trust Securities Summary table details the outstanding Trust Securities and the related Notes previously issued which remained 

outstanding at December 31, 2017.

Trust Securities Summary
(Dollars in millions)

Issuer

Issuance Date

Aggregate

Principal Amount
of Trust Securities

Aggregate

Principal Amount

of the Notes

Stated Maturity

of the Trust 
Securities

Per Annum Interest
Rate of the Notes

Interest 
Payment

Dates

December 31, 2017

 
March 2035
August 2035
May 2036
June 2056

 
5.63%
5.25
6.63
3-mo. LIBOR + 80 bps

3-mo. LIBOR + 55 bps

 

 

3-mo. LIBOR + 57 bps

Quarterly

December 2028 3-mo. LIBOR + 100 bps

 

$

January 1997

February 1997

 
March 2005
August 2005
May 2006
May 2007
 

Bank of America
Capital Trust VI
Capital Trust VII (1)
Capital Trust XI
Capital Trust XV
NationsBank
Capital Trust III
BankAmerica
Capital III
Fleet
Capital Trust V
BankBoston
Capital Trust III
Capital Trust IV
MBNA
Capital Trust B
Countrywide
Capital III
Capital V
Merrill Lynch
Capital Trust I
Capital Trust III

 
27
6
658
1
 
131
 
103
 
79
 
53
102
 
70
 
200
1,495
 
1,050
750
4,725
(1)  Notes are denominated in British pound. Presentation currency is U.S. dollar.

June 1997
November 2006
 

December 2006
August 2007

June 1997
June 1998

December 1998

January 1997

Total

$

 

 

 

 

 

$

$

 
27
6
678
1
 
135

105
 
82

55
106

January 2027

January 2027

 

 

 

June 2027
June 2028

 

 

 

73

February 2027

206
1,496

1,051
751
4,772

June 2027
November 2036
 

December 2066
September 2067

 

 

 

3-mo. LIBOR + 75 bps
3-mo. LIBOR + 60 bps

3-mo. LIBOR + 80 bps

8.05
7.00

6.45
7.375

 

 

 

 

Redemption Period

 
Any time
Any time
Any time
On or after 6/01/37

On or after 1/15/07

On or after 1/15/02

On or after 12/18/03

On or after 6/15/07
On or after 6/08/03

On or after 2/01/07

Only under special event
On or after 11/01/11

On or after 12/11
On or after 9/12

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Semi-Annual
Semi-Annual
Semi-Annual
Quarterly

Quarterly

Quarterly

Quarterly
Quarterly

Quarterly

Semi-Annual
Quarterly

Quarterly
Quarterly

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOTE 12 Commitments and Contingencies
In the normal course of business, the Corporation enters into a 
number of off-balance sheet commitments. These commitments 
expose the Corporation to varying degrees of credit and market 
risk and are subject to the same credit and market risk limitation 
reviews  as  those  instruments  recorded  on  the  Consolidated 
Balance Sheet. 

Credit Extension Commitments
The Corporation enters into commitments to extend credit such 
as loan commitments, SBLCs and commercial letters of credit to 
meet the financing needs of its customers. The following table 
includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending 
commitments  net  of  amounts  distributed  (e.g.,  syndicated  or 
participated)  to  other  financial  institutions.  The  distributed 
amounts were $11.0 billion and $12.1 billion at December 31, 
2017 and 2016. At December 31, 2017, the carrying value of 

these commitments, excluding commitments accounted for under 
the fair value option, was $793 million, including deferred revenue 
of $16 million and a reserve for unfunded lending commitments 
of $777 million. At December 31, 2016, the comparable amounts 
were $779 million, $17 million and $762 million, respectively. The 
carrying  value  of  these  commitments  is  classified  in  accrued 
expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The  following  table  also  includes  the  notional  amount  of 
commitments of $4.8 billion and $7.0 billion at December 31, 
2017 and 2016 that are accounted for under the fair value option. 
However, the following table excludes cumulative net fair value of 
$120 million and $173 million on these commitments, which is 
classified  in  accrued  expenses  and  other  liabilities.  For  more 
information  regarding  the  Corporation’s  loan  commitments 
accounted for under the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value 
Option.

170     Bank of America 2017

Credit Extension Commitments

(Dollars in millions)
Notional amount of credit extension commitments

Loan commitments
Home equity lines of credit
Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees (1)
Letters of credit

Legally binding commitments

Credit card lines (2)

Total credit extension commitments

Expire in One
Year or Less

Expire After One

Year Through
Three Years

Expire After Three
Years Through Five

Years

December 31, 2017

Expire After Five

Years

Total

 
85,804
6,172
19,976
1,291
113,243
362,030
475,273

$

$

 
140,942
4,457
11,261
117
156,777
—
156,777

$

$

 
147,043
2,288
3,420
129
152,880
—
152,880

$

$

 
21,342
31,250
1,144
87
53,823
—
53,823

$

$

 
395,131
44,167
35,801
1,624
476,723
362,030
838,753

December 31, 2016

$

$

 

$

Notional amount of credit extension commitments

Loan commitments
Home equity lines of credit
Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees (1)
Letters of credit

 
390,655
47,201
34,171
1,555
473,582
377,773
851,355
(1)   The notional amounts of SBLCs and financial guarantees classified as investment grade and non-investment grade based on the credit quality of the underlying reference name within the instrument 
were $27.3 billion and $8.1 billion at December 31, 2017, and $25.5 billion and $8.3 billion at December 31, 2016. Amounts in the table include consumer SBLCs of $421 million and $376 million
at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

 
152,854
2,644
3,225
114
158,837
—
158,837

 
82,609
8,806
19,165
1,285
111,865
377,773
489,638

 
133,063
10,701
10,754
103
154,621
—
154,621

 
22,129
25,050
1,027
53
48,259
—
48,259

Total credit extension commitments

Legally binding commitments

Credit card lines (2)

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

(2)   Includes business card unused lines of credit.

Legally binding commitments to extend credit generally have 
specified rates and maturities. Certain of these commitments have 
adverse  change  clauses  that  help  to  protect  the  Corporation 
against deterioration in the borrower’s ability to pay.

Other Commitments
At  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  the  Corporation  had 
commitments to purchase loans (e.g., residential mortgage and 
commercial real estate) of $344 million and $767 million, and 
commitments to purchase commercial loans of $994 million and 
$636 million, which upon settlement will be included in loans or 
LHFS.

At  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  the  Corporation  had 
commitments to purchase commodities, primarily liquefied natural 
gas, of $1.5 billion and $1.9 billion, which upon settlement will 
be included in trading account assets. At December 31, 2017 and 
2016, the Corporation had commitments to enter into resale and 
forward-dated  resale  and  securities  borrowing  agreements  of 
$56.8 billion and $48.9 billion, and commitments to enter into 
forward-dated repurchase and securities lending agreements of 
$34.3  billion  and  $24.4  billion.  These  commitments  expire 
primarily within the next 12 months.

The Corporation has entered into agreements to purchase retail 
automobile  loans  from  certain  auto  loan  originators.  These 
agreements  provide  for  stated  purchase  amounts  and  contain 
cancellation provisions that allow the Corporation to terminate its 
commitment to purchase at any time, with a minimum notification 
period.  At  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  the  Corporation’s 
maximum  purchase  commitment  was  $345  million  and  $475 
million. In addition, the Corporation has a commitment to originate 
or  purchase  auto  loans  and  leases  up  to  $3.0  billion  from  a 
strategic partner during 2018. This commitment extends through 
November  2022  and  can  be  terminated  with  12  months  prior 
notice.

The Corporation is a party to operating leases for certain of its 
premises and equipment. Commitments under these leases are 
approximately $2.3 billion, $2.1 billion, $1.9 billion, $1.7 billion 

and $1.4 billion for 2018 through 2022, respectively, and $5.1 
billion in the aggregate for all years thereafter.

Other Guarantees

Bank-owned Life Insurance Book Value Protection
The Corporation sells products that offer book value protection to 
insurance  carriers  who  offer  group  life  insurance  policies  to 
corporations, primarily banks. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
the notional amount of these guarantees, which is recorded as 
derivatives totaled $10.4 billion and $13.9 billion. At December 
31, 2017 and 2016, the Corporation’s maximum exposure related 
to  these  guarantees  totaled  $1.6  billion  and  $3.2  billion,  with 
estimated maturity dates between 2033 and 2039. The net fair 
value  including  the  fee  receivable  associated  with  these 
guarantees was $3 million and $4 million at December 31, 2017
and 2016, and reflects the probability of surrender as well as the 
multiple structural protection features in the contracts.

Indemnifications
In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation enters into 
various  agreements  that  contain  indemnifications,  such  as  tax 
indemnifications, whereupon payment may become due if certain 
external  events  occur,  such  as  a  change  in  tax  law.  The 
indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and 
were entered into in the normal course of business based on an 
assessment  that  the  risk  of  loss  would  be  remote.  These 
agreements  typically  contain  an  early  termination  clause  that 
permits the Corporation to exit the agreement upon these events. 
The  maximum  potential  future  payment  under  indemnification 
agreements is difficult to assess for several reasons, including 
the occurrence of an external event, the inability to predict future 
changes in tax and other laws, the difficulty in determining how 
such  laws  would  apply  to  parties  in  contracts,  the  absence  of 
exposure limits contained in standard contract language and the 
timing of any early termination clauses. Historically, any payments 
made  under  these  guarantees  have  been  de  minimis.  The 

Bank of America 2017     171 

Corporation  has  assessed  the  probability  of  making  such 
payments in the future as remote.

Merchant Services
In accordance with credit and debit card association rules, the 
Corporation sponsors merchant processing servicers that process 
credit and debit card transactions on behalf of various merchants. 
In connection with these services, a liability may arise in the event 
of a billing dispute between the merchant and a cardholder that 
is ultimately resolved in the cardholder’s favor. If the merchant 
defaults  on  its  obligation  to  reimburse  the  cardholder,  the 
cardholder, through its issuing bank, generally has until six months 
after the date of the transaction to present a chargeback to the 
merchant  processor,  which  is  primarily  liable  for  any  losses  on 
covered transactions. However, if the merchant processor fails to 
meet  its  obligation  to  reimburse  the  cardholder  for  disputed 
transactions, then the Corporation, as the sponsor, could be held 
liable for the disputed amount. In 2017 and 2016, the sponsored 
entities processed and settled $812.2 billion and $731.4 billion 
of transactions and recorded losses of $28 million and $33 million. 
A significant portion of this activity was processed by a joint venture 
in which the Corporation holds a 49 percent ownership, which is 
recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and 
in All Other. At both December 31, 2017 and 2016, the carrying 
value of the Corporation’s investment in the merchant services 
joint venture was $2.9 billion. 

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the maximum potential 
exposure for sponsored transactions totaled $346.4 billion and 
$325.7  billion.  However,  the  Corporation  believes  that  the 
maximum potential exposure is not representative of the actual 
potential  loss  exposure  and  does  not  expect  to  make  material 
payments in connection with these guarantees.

Exchange and Clearing House Member Guarantees
The Corporation is a member of various securities and derivative 
exchanges  and  clearinghouses,  both  in  the  U.S.  and  other 
countries. As a member, the Corporation may be required to pay 
a  pro-rata  share  of  the  losses  incurred  by  some  of  these 
organizations as a result of another member default and under 
other loss scenarios. The Corporation’s potential obligations may 
be  limited  to  its  membership  interests  in  such  exchanges  and 
clearinghouses, to the amount (or multiple) of the Corporation’s 
contribution to the guarantee fund or, in limited instances, to the 
full  pro-rata  share  of  the  residual  losses  after  applying  the 
guarantee fund. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure 
under  these  membership  agreements  is  difficult  to  estimate; 
however, the potential for the Corporation to be required to make 
these payments is remote.

Prime Brokerage and Securities Clearing Services 
In connection with its prime brokerage and clearing businesses, 
the  Corporation  performs  securities  clearance  and  settlement 
services with other brokerage firms and clearinghouses on behalf 
of its clients. Under these arrangements, the Corporation stands 
ready to meet the obligations of its clients with respect to securities 
transactions.  The  Corporation’s  obligations  in  this  respect  are 
secured by the assets in the clients’ accounts and the accounts 
of their customers as well as by any proceeds received from the 
transactions cleared and settled by the firm on behalf of clients 
or their customers. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure 

under these arrangements is difficult to estimate; however, the 
potential for the Corporation to incur material losses pursuant to 
these arrangements is remote.

Other Guarantees
The Corporation has entered into additional guarantee agreements 
and commitments, including sold risk participation swaps, liquidity 
facilities, 
lease-end  obligation  agreements,  partial  credit 
guarantees on certain leases, real estate joint venture guarantees, 
divested business commitments and sold put options that require 
gross settlement. The maximum potential future payment under 
these agreements was approximately $5.9 billion and $6.7 billion
at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The estimated maturity dates 
of these obligations extend up to 2040. The Corporation has made 
no material payments under these guarantees.

In the normal course of business, the Corporation periodically 
guarantees  the  obligations  of  its  affiliates  in  a  variety  of 
transactions  including  ISDA-related  transactions  and  non-ISDA 
related  transactions  such  as  commodities  trading,  repurchase 
agreements, prime brokerage agreements and other transactions.

Payment Protection Insurance Claims Matter
On June 1, 2017, the Corporation sold its non-U.S. consumer credit 
card business. Included in the calculation of the gain on sale, the 
Corporation recorded an obligation to indemnify the purchaser for 
substantially  all  PPI  exposure  above  reserves  assumed  by  the 
purchaser.

Litigation and Regulatory Matters
In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  the  Corporation  and  its 
subsidiaries are routinely defendants in or parties to many pending 
and threatened legal, regulatory and governmental actions and 
proceedings.

In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of 
such matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large or 
indeterminate damages or where the matters present novel legal 
theories  or  involve  a  large  number  of  parties,  the  Corporation 
generally cannot predict what the eventual outcome of the pending 
matters will be, what the timing of the ultimate resolution of these 
matters will be, or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related 
to each pending matter may be.

In  accordance  with  applicable  accounting  guidance,  the 
Corporation establishes an accrued liability when those matters 
present loss contingencies that are both probable and estimable. 
In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any 
amounts  accrued.  As  a  matter  develops,  the  Corporation,  in 
conjunction  with  any  outside  counsel  handling  the  matter, 
evaluates on an ongoing basis whether such matter presents a 
loss contingency that is probable and estimable. Once the loss 
contingency is deemed to be both probable and estimable, the 
Corporation  will  establish  an  accrued  liability  and  record  a 
corresponding  amount  of 
litigation-related  expense.  The 
Corporation  continues  to  monitor  the  matter 
further 
developments that could affect the amount of the accrued liability 
that  has  been  previously  established.  Excluding  expenses  of 
internal  and  external  legal  service  providers,  litigation-related 
expense of $753 million was recognized for 2017 compared to 
$1.2 billion for 2016.

for 

172     Bank of America 2017

For a limited number of the matters disclosed in this Note, for 
which a loss, whether in excess of a related accrued liability or 
where there is no accrued liability, is reasonably possible in future 
periods, the Corporation is able to estimate a range of possible 
loss. In determining whether it is possible to estimate a range of 
possible loss, the Corporation reviews and evaluates its matters 
on  an  ongoing  basis,  in  conjunction  with  any  outside  counsel 
handling the matter, in light of potentially relevant factual and legal 
developments.  In  cases  in  which  the  Corporation  possesses 
sufficient appropriate information to estimate a range of possible 
loss, that estimate is aggregated and disclosed below. There may 
be  other  disclosed  matters  for  which  a  loss  is  probable  or 
reasonably possible but such an estimate of the range of possible 
loss may not be possible. For those matters where an estimate 
of the range of possible loss is possible, management currently 
estimates the aggregate range of possible loss is $0 to $1.3 billion 
in excess of the accrued liability (if any) related to those matters. 
This  estimated  range  of  possible  loss  is  based  upon  currently 
available information and is subject to significant judgment and a 
variety of assumptions, and known and unknown uncertainties. 
The matters underlying the estimated range will change from time 
to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the current 
estimate.  Therefore,  this  estimated  range  of  possible  loss 
represents what the Corporation believes to be an estimate of 
possible loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria. It 
does not represent the Corporation’s maximum loss exposure.

Information  is  provided  below  regarding  the  nature  of  all  of 
these contingencies and, where specified, the amount of the claim 
associated  with  these  loss  contingencies.  Based  on  current 
knowledge, management does not believe that loss contingencies 
arising  from  pending  matters,  including  the  matters  described 
herein  will  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  consolidated 
financial position or liquidity of the Corporation. However, in light 
of the inherent uncertainties involved in these matters, some of 
which are beyond the Corporation’s control, and the very large or 
indeterminate  damages  sought  in  some  of  these  matters,  an 
adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could be material 
to  the  Corporation’s  results  of  operations  or  liquidity  for  any 
particular reporting period.

Ambac Bond Insurance Litigation
Ambac  Assurance  Corporation  and  the  Segregated  Account  of 
Ambac Assurance Corporation (together, Ambac) have filed five 
separate  lawsuits  against  the  Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries 
relating  to  bond  insurance  policies  Ambac  provided  on  certain 
securitized pools of HELOCs, first-lien subprime home equity loans, 
fixed-rate second-lien mortgage loans and negative amortization 
pay  option  adjustable-rate  mortgage  loans.  Ambac  alleges  that 
they have paid or will pay claims as a result of defaults in the 
underlying loans and assert that the defendants misrepresented 
the characteristics of the underlying loans and/or breached certain 
contractual 
the 
underwriting and servicing of the loans. In those actions where 
the Corporation is named as a defendant, Ambac contends the 
Corporation is liable on various successor and vicarious liability 
theories.

representations  and  warranties 

regarding 

Ambac v. Countrywide I
The Corporation, Countrywide and other Countrywide entities are 
named as defendants in an action filed on September 29, 2010 
in New York Supreme Court. Ambac asserts claims for fraudulent 
inducement as well as breach of contract and seeks damages in 
excess of $2.2 billion, plus unspecified punitive damages.

On May 16, 2017, the First Department issued its decision on 
the parties’ cross-appeals of the trial court’s October 22, 2015 
summary  judgment  rulings.  Among  other  things,  the  First 
Department reversed on the applicability of New York insurance 
law to Ambac’s common-law fraud claim, ruling that Ambac must 
prove  all  of  the  elements  of  its  fraudulent  inducement  claim, 
including justifiable reliance and loss causation; reversed as to 
Ambac’s  remedy  for  its  breach  of  contract  claims,  finding  that 
Ambac’s  sole  remedy  is  the  repurchase  protocol  of  cure, 
repurchases  or  substitution  of  any  materially  defective  loan; 
affirmed  the  trial  court’s  ruling  that  Ambac’s  compensatory 
damages  claim  was  an  impermissible  request  for  rescissory 
damages; 
for 
reimbursement of claims payments, but affirmed the dismissal of 
Ambac’s  claim  for  reimbursements  of  attorneys’  fees;  and 
reversed  as  to  the  meaning  of  specific  representations  and 
warranties, ruling that disputed issues of fact precluded summary 
judgment. On July 25, 2017, the First Department granted Ambac’s 
motion for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeals. That appeal is 
pending. 

the  dismissal  of  Ambac’s  claim 

reversed 

Ambac v. Countrywide II
On  December  30,  2014,  Ambac  filed  a  complaint  in  New  York 
Supreme Court against the same defendants, claiming fraudulent 
inducement  against  Countrywide,  and  successor  and  vicarious 
liability against the Corporation. Ambac claims damages in excess 
of $600 million plus punitive damages. On December 19, 2016, 
the Court granted in part and denied in part Countrywide’s motion 
to dismiss the complaint.

Ambac v. Countrywide III
On December 30, 2014, Ambac filed an action in Wisconsin state 
court  against  Countrywide.  The  complaint  seeks  damages  in 
excess of $350 million plus punitive damages. Countrywide has 
challenged the Wisconsin courts’ jurisdiction over it. Following a 
ruling  by  the  lower  court  that  jurisdiction  did  not  exist,  the 
Wisconsin  Court  of  Appeals  reversed. On  June  30,  2017,  the 
Wisconsin Supreme Court reversed the decision of the Wisconsin 
Court of Appeals and held that Countrywide did not consent to the 
jurisdiction of the Wisconsin courts and remanded the case to the 
Court  of  Appeals  for  further  consideration  of  whether  specific 
jurisdiction exists. On December 14, 2017, the Wisconsin Court 
of Appeals ruled that specific jurisdiction over Countrywide does 
not exist for this matter. On January 16, 2018, Ambac asked the 
Wisconsin Supreme Court to review the decision of the Court of 
Appeals.

Bank of America 2017     173 

Ambac v. Countrywide IV
On July 21, 2015, Ambac filed an action in New York Supreme 
Court  against  Countrywide  asserting  the  same  claims  for 
fraudulent  inducement  that  Ambac  asserted  in  Ambac  v. 
Countrywide III. Ambac simultaneously moved to stay the action 
pending  resolution  of  its  appeal  in  Ambac  v.  Countrywide  III. 
Countrywide moved to dismiss the complaint. On September 20, 
2016, the Court granted Ambac’s motion to stay the action pending 
resolution of Ambac v. Countrywide III. 

Ambac v. First Franklin
On  April  16,  2012,  Ambac  filed  an  action  against  BANA,  First 
Franklin and various Merrill Lynch entities, including Merrill Lynch, 
Pierce,  Fenner  &  Smith  Incorporated  (MLPF&S)  in  New  York 
Supreme Court relating to guaranty insurance Ambac provided on 
a  First  Franklin  securitization  sponsored  by  Merrill  Lynch.  The 
complaint alleges fraudulent inducement and breach of contract, 
including breach of contract claims against BANA based upon its 
servicing of the loans in the securitization. The complaint alleges 
that Ambac has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in claims and 
has accrued and continues to accrue tens of millions of dollars in 
additional claims. Ambac seeks as damages the total claims it 
has paid and its projected future claims payment obligations, as 
well  as  specific  performance  of  defendants’  contractual 
repurchase obligations.

ATM Access Fee Litigation
On January 10, 2012, a putative consumer class action was filed 
in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against Visa, Inc., 
MasterCard, Inc. and several financial institutions, including the 
Corporation and BANA alleging that surcharges paid at financial 
institution ATMs are artificially inflated by Visa and MasterCard 
rules  and  regulations. The  network  rules  are  alleged  to  be  the 
product of a conspiracy between Visa, MasterCard and financial 
institutions in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. Plaintiffs 
seek compensatory and treble damages and injunctive relief.

On February 13, 2013, the District Court granted defendants’ 
motion to dismiss. On August 4, 2015, the U.S. Court of Appeals 
for  the  District  of  Columbia  Circuit  vacated  the  District  Court’s 
decision  and  remanded  the  case  to  the  District  Court,  where 
proceedings have resumed. 

Deposit Insurance Assessment
On January 9, 2017, the FDIC filed suit against BANA in U.S. District 
Court for the District of Columbia alleging failure to pay a December 
15, 2016 invoice for additional deposit insurance assessments 
and interest in the amount of $542 million for the quarters ending 

June 30, 2013 through December 31, 2014. On April 7, 2017, the 
FDIC amended its complaint to add a claim for additional deposit 
insurance  and  interest  in  the  amount  of  $583  million  for  the 
quarters ending March 31, 2012 through March 31, 2013. The 
FDIC asserts these claims based on BANA’s alleged underreporting 
of  counterparty  exposures  that  resulted  in  underpayment  of 
assessments for those quarters. BANA disagrees with the FDIC’s 
interpretation of the regulations as they existed during the relevant 
time  period  and  is  defending  itself  against  the  FDIC’s  claims. 
Pending final resolution, BANA has pledged security satisfactory 
to  the  FDIC  related  to  the  disputed  additional  assessment 
amounts.

Interchange and Related Litigation
In  2005,  a  group  of  merchants  filed  a  series  of  putative  class 
actions  and  individual  actions  directed  at  interchange  fees 
associated with Visa and MasterCard payment card transactions. 
These actions, which were consolidated in the U.S. District Court 
for the Eastern District of New York under the caption In re Payment 
Card Interchange Fee and Merchant Discount Anti-Trust Litigation
(Interchange),  named  Visa,  MasterCard  and  several  banks  and 
bank holding companies, including the Corporation, as defendants. 
Plaintiffs allege that defendants conspired to fix the level of default 
interchange rates and that certain rules of Visa and MasterCard 
were  unreasonable 
trade.  Plaintiffs  sought 
compensatory and treble damages and injunctive relief. 

restraints  of 

On  October  19,  2012,  defendants  reached  a  proposed 
settlement that would have provided for, among other things, (i) 
payments  by  defendants  to  the  class  and  individual  plaintiffs 
totaling approximately $6.6 billion, allocated to each defendant 
based upon various loss-sharing agreements; (ii) distribution to 
class merchants of an amount equal to 10 basis points (bps) of 
default interchange across all Visa and MasterCard credit card 
transactions; and (iii) modifications to certain Visa and MasterCard 
rules. Although the District Court approved the class settlement 
agreement,  the  U.S.  Court  of  Appeals  for  the  Second  Circuit 
reversed the decision on appeal. The Interchange class case was 
remanded to the District Court, where proceedings have resumed. 
In addition to the class actions, a number of merchants filed 
individual actions against the defendants. The Corporation was 
named as a defendant in one such individual action. In addition, 
a number of individual actions were filed that do not name the 
Corporation as a defendant. As a result of various loss-sharing 
agreements,  however,  the  Corporation  remains  liable  for  any 
settlement or judgment in these individual suits where it is not 
named as a defendant. 

174     Bank of America 2017

LIBOR, Other Reference Rates, Foreign Exchange (FX) and 
Bond Trading Matters
Government  authorities  in  the  U.S.  and  various  international 
jurisdictions continue to conduct investigations, to make inquiries 
of, and to pursue proceedings against, a significant number of FX 
market  participants,  including  the  Corporation,  regarding  FX 
market  participants’  conduct  and  systems  and  controls. 
Government authorities also continue to conduct investigations 
concerning conduct and systems and controls of panel banks in 
connection with the setting of other reference rates as well as the 
trading  of  government,  sovereign,  supranational  and  agency 
bonds.  The  Corporation  is  responding  to  and  cooperating  with 
these proceedings and investigations.

In addition, the Corporation, BANA and certain Merrill Lynch 
entities have been named as defendants along with most of the 
other LIBOR panel banks in a number of individual and putative 
class actions by persons alleging they sustained losses on U.S. 
dollar LIBOR-based financial instruments as a result of collusion 
or manipulation by defendants regarding the setting of U.S. dollar 
LIBOR.  Plaintiffs  assert  a  variety  of  claims,  including  antitrust, 
Commodity Exchange Act (CEA), Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt 
Organizations (RICO), Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange 
Act), common law fraud and breach of contract claims, and seek 
compensatory, treble and punitive damages, and injunctive relief. 
All cases naming the Corporation and its affiliates relating to U.S. 
dollar LIBOR have been consolidated for pre-trial purposes in the 
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.

In a series of rulings beginning in March 2013, the District 
Court dismissed antitrust, RICO, Exchange Act and certain state 
law claims, dismissed all manipulation claims based on alleged 
trader conduct as to the Corporation and BANA, and substantially 
limited the scope of CEA and various other claims. On May 23, 
2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed 
the District Court’s dismissal of the antitrust claims and remanded 
for further proceedings in the District Court, and on December 20, 
2016,  the  District  Court  again  dismissed  certain  plaintiffs’ 
antitrust claims in their entirety and substantially limited the scope 
of the remaining antitrust claims.

Certain antitrust, CEA and state law claims remain pending in 
the District Court against the Corporation, BANA and certain Merrill 
Lynch entities, and the Court is continuing to consider motions 
regarding them. Plaintiffs whose antitrust, Exchange Act and/or 
state law claims were previously dismissed by the District Court 
are pursuing appeals in the Second Circuit.

In addition, the Corporation, BANA and MLPF&S were named 
as defendants along with other FX market participants in a putative 
class action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District 
of New York, in which plaintiffs allege that they sustained losses 
as a result of the defendants’ alleged conspiracy to manipulate 
the prices of over-the-counter FX transactions and FX transactions 
on an exchange. Plaintiffs assert antitrust claims and claims for 
violations of the CEA and seek compensatory and treble damages, 
as well as declaratory and injunctive relief. On October 1, 2015, 
the Corporation, BANA and MLPF&S executed a final settlement 
agreement, in which they agreed to pay $187.5 million to settle 
the  litigation.  The  settlement  is  subject  to  final  District  Court 
approval.

Mortgage-backed Securities Litigation
The Corporation and its affiliates, Countrywide entities and their 
affiliates, and Merrill Lynch entities and their affiliates have been 
named as defendants in cases relating to their various roles in 
MBS offerings and, in certain instances, have received claims for 
contractual indemnification related to the MBS securities actions. 
Plaintiffs 
these  cases  generally  sought  unspecified 
compensatory and/or rescissory damages, unspecified costs and 
legal fees and generally alleged false and misleading statements. 
The  indemnification  claims  include  claims  from  underwriters  of 
MBS that were issued by these entities, and from underwriters 
and issuers of MBS backed by loans originated by these entities. 

in 

Mortgage Repurchase Litigation

U.S. Bank - Harborview Repurchase Litigation
On August 29, 2011, U.S. Bank, National Association (U.S. Bank), 
as trustee for the HarborView Mortgage Loan Trust 2005-10 (the 
Trust), a mortgage pool backed by loans originated by Countrywide 
Home Loans, Inc. (CHL), filed a complaint in New York Supreme 
Court, in a case entitled U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
for  HarborView  Mortgage  Loan  Trust,  Series  2005-10  v. 
Countrywide Home Loans, Inc. (dba Bank of America Home Loans), 
Bank of America Corporation, Countrywide Financial Corporation, 
Bank  of  America,  N.A.  and  NB  Holdings  Corporation,  alleging 
breaches of representations and warranties. This litigation has 
been stayed since March 23, 2017, pending finalization of the 
settlement discussed below.

On December 5, 2016, the defendants and certain certificate-
holders in the Trust agreed to settle the litigation in an amount 
not  material  to  the  Corporation,  subject  to  acceptance  by  U.S. 
Bank.  U.S.  Bank  has  initiated  a  trust  instruction  proceeding  in 
Minnesota state court relating to the proposed settlement, and 
that proceeding is ongoing.

U.S. Bank - SURF/OWNIT Repurchase Litigation
On August 29, 2014 and September 2, 2014, U.S. Bank, solely 
in its capacity as Trustee for seven securitization trusts (the Trusts), 
served  seven  summonses  with  notice  commencing  actions 
against First Franklin Financial Corporation, Merrill Lynch Mortgage 
Lending, Inc., Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc. (MLMI) and 
Ownit Mortgage Solutions Inc. in New York Supreme Court. The 
summonses  advance  breach  of  contract  claims  alleging  that 
defendants breached representations and warranties related to 
loans  securitized  in  the  Trusts.  The  summonses  allege  that 
defendants failed to repurchase breaching mortgage loans from 
the Trusts, and seek specific performance of defendants’ alleged 
obligation to repurchase breaching loans, declaratory judgment, 
compensatory, rescissory and other damages, and indemnity.

On February 25, 2015 and March 11, 2015, U.S. Bank served 
complaints regarding four of the seven Trusts. On December 7, 
2015, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ 
motion to dismiss the complaints. The Court dismissed claims for 
breach  of  representations  and  warranties  against  MLMI, 
dismissed U.S. Bank’s claims for indemnity and attorneys’ fees, 
and  deferred  a  ruling  regarding  defendants’  alleged  failure  to 
provide notice of alleged representations and warranties breaches, 
but upheld the complaints in all other respects. On December 28, 
2016, U.S. Bank filed a complaint with respect to a fifth Trust. 

Bank of America 2017     175 

NOTE 13 Shareholders’ Equity

Common Stock

Declared Quarterly Cash Dividends on Common Stock (1)

Declaration Date
January 31, 2018
October 25, 2017
July 26, 2017
April 26, 2017
January 26, 2017
(1) 

Record Date
March 2, 2018
December 1, 2017
September 1, 2017
June 2, 2017
March 3, 2017
In 2017 and through February 22, 2018.

Payment Date
March 30, 2018
December 29, 2017
September 29, 2017
June 30, 2017
March 31, 2017

Dividend
Per Share
$
0.12
0.12
0.12
0.075
0.075

The following table summarizes common stock repurchases 

during 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Common Stock Repurchase Summary

(in millions)
Total share repurchases, including CCAR

capital plan repurchases

2017

2016

2015

509

333

140

Purchase price of shares repurchased and 

retired (1)
CCAR capital plan repurchases
Other authorized repurchases

$

9,347 $
3,467

4,312 $

800

Total shares repurchased

5,112 $
(1)  Represents reductions to shareholders’ equity due to common stock repurchases.

$ 12,814 $

2,374
—
2,374

On  June  28,  2017,  following  the  Federal  Reserve’s  non-
objection  to  the  Corporation’s  2017  Comprehensive  Capital 
Analysis and Review (CCAR) capital plan, the Board of Directors 
(Board)  authorized  the  repurchase  of  $12.0  billion  of  common 
stock from July 1, 2017 through June 30, 2018, plus repurchases 
expected to be approximately $900 million to offset the effect of 
equity-based  compensation  plans  during  the  same  period.  The 
common stock repurchase authorization includes both common 
stock  and  warrants.  The  Corporation’s  2017  capital  plan  also 
included  a  request  to  increase  the  quarterly  common  stock 
dividend from $0.075 per share to $0.12 per share. On December 
5,  2017,  following  approval  by  the  Federal  Reserve,  the  Board 
authorized the repurchase of an additional $5.0 billion of common 
stock through June 30, 2018. 

In 2017, the Corporation repurchased $12.8 billion of common 
stock in connection with the 2017 and 2016 CCAR capital plans 
and pursuant to other repurchases approved by the Board and the 
Federal  Reserve.  Other  authorized  repurchases  included  $1.8 
billion  of  common  stock  pursuant  to  the  Corporation’s  plan 
announced  on  January  13,  2017  and  $1.7  billion  under  the 
authorization announced on December 5, 2017.

At  December  31,  2017,  the  Corporation  had  warrants 
outstanding and exercisable to purchase 122 million shares of its 
common  stock  expiring  on  October  28,  2018,  and  warrants 
outstanding and exercisable to purchase 143 million shares of 
common stock expiring on January 16, 2019. These warrants were 
originally issued in connection with preferred stock issuances to 
the U.S. Department of the Treasury in 2009 and 2008, and are 
listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The exercise price of the 
warrants expiring  on January 16,  2019 is  subject  to continued 
adjustment each time the quarterly cash dividend is in excess of 
$0.01  per  common  share  to  compensate  the  holders  of  the 
warrants  for  dilution  resulting  from  an  increased  dividend.  The 
Corporation had cash dividends of $0.12 per share for the third 

176     Bank of America 2017

and fourth quarters of 2017, and cash dividends of $0.075 per 
share for the first and second quarter of 2017, or $0.39 per share 
for the year, resulting in an adjustment to the exercise price of 
these warrants in each quarter. As a result of the Corporation’s 
2017 dividends of $0.39 per common share, the exercise price 
of  the  warrants  expiring  on  January  16,  2019  was  adjusted  to 
$12.757 per share. The warrants expiring on October 28, 2018, 
which have an exercise price of $30.79 per share, also contain 
this anti-dilution provision except the adjustment is triggered only 
when  the  Corporation  declares  quarterly  dividends  at  a  level 
greater than $0.32 per common share.

On August 24, 2017, the holders of the Corporation’s Series 
T 6% Non-cumulative preferred stock (Series T) exercised warrants 
to acquire 700 million shares of the Corporation’s common stock. 
The carrying value of the preferred stock was $2.9 billion and, 
upon conversion, was recorded as additional paid-in capital. For 
more information, see Note 15 – Earnings Per Common Share.

In  connection  with  employee  stock  plans,  in  2017,  the 
Corporation 
issued  approximately  66  million  shares  and 
repurchased approximately 27 million shares of its common stock 
to satisfy tax withholding obligations. At December 31, 2017, the 
Corporation had reserved 869 million unissued shares of common 
stock for future issuances under employee stock plans, common 
stock warrants, convertible notes and preferred stock.

Preferred Stock
The cash dividends declared on preferred stock were $1.6 billion, 
$1.7  billion  and  $1.5  billion  for  2017,  2016  and  2015, 
respectively. The following table presents a summary of perpetual 
preferred stock outstanding at December 31, 2017. 

All series of preferred stock in the Preferred Stock Summary 
table have a par value of $0.01 per share, are not subject to the 
operation of a sinking fund, have no participation rights, and with 
the exception of the Series L Preferred Stock, are not convertible. 
The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series 1 through 
5 Preferred Stock have general voting rights and vote together with 
the common stock. The holders of the other series included in the 
table  have  no  general  voting  rights.  All  outstanding  series  of 
preferred  stock  of  the  Corporation  have  preference  over  the 
Corporation’s  common  stock  with  respect  to  the  payment  of 
dividends and distribution of the Corporation’s assets in the event 
of a liquidation or dissolution. With the exception of the Series B, 
F, G and T Preferred Stock, if any dividend payable on these series 
is in arrears for three or more semi-annual or six or more quarterly 
dividend periods, as applicable (whether consecutive or not), the 
holders of these series and any other class or series of preferred 
stock ranking equally as to payment of dividends and upon which 
equivalent voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable 
(voting as a single class) will be entitled to vote for the election 
of two additional directors. These voting rights terminate when the 
Corporation has paid in full dividends on these series for at least 
two semi-annual or four quarterly dividend periods, as applicable, 
following the dividend arrearage.

The  7.25%  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual  Convertible  Preferred 
Stock,  Series  L  (Series  L  Preferred  Stock)  does  not  have  early 
redemption/call rights. Each share of the Series L Preferred Stock 
may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into 20
shares of the Corporation’s common stock plus cash in lieu of 
fractional shares. The Corporation may cause some or all of the 
Series L Preferred Stock, at its option, at any time or from time to 
time, to be converted into shares of common stock at the then-
applicable conversion rate if, for 20 trading days during any period 
of 30 consecutive trading days, the closing price of common stock 
exceeds 130 percent of the then-applicable conversion price of 

the Series L Preferred Stock. If a conversion of Series L Preferred 
Stock occurs at the option of the holder, subsequent to a dividend 

record date but prior to the dividend payment date, the Corporation 
will still pay any accrued dividends payable.

Preferred Stock Summary

(Dollars in millions, except as noted)

Series

Description

Series B

7% Cumulative
Redeemable

Series D (3)

6.204% Non-Cumulative

Series E (3)

Series F 

Series G

Floating Rate Non-
Cumulative

Floating Rate Non-
Cumulative

Adjustable Rate Non-
Cumulative

Series I (3)

6.625% Non-Cumulative

Series K (5)

Series L

Series M (5)

Series T (6)

Series U (5)

Series V (5)

Fixed-to-Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative

7.25% Non-Cumulative
Perpetual Convertible

Fixed-to-Floating Rate
Non-Cumulative

6% Non-cumulative

Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Non-Cumulative

Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Non-Cumulative

Series W (3)

6.625% Non-Cumulative

Series X (5)

Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Non-Cumulative

Series Y (3)

6.500% Non-Cumulative

Series Z (5)

Series AA (5)

Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Non-Cumulative

Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Non-Cumulative

Series CC (3)

6.200% Non-Cumulative

Series DD (5)

Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
Non-Cumulative

Series EE (3)

6.000% Non-Cumulative

Series 1 (7)

Series 2 (7)

Floating Rate Non-
Cumulative

Floating Rate Non-
Cumulative

Series 3 (7)

6.375% Non-Cumulative

Series 4 (7)

Series 5 (7)

Total

Floating Rate Non-
Cumulative

Floating Rate Non-
Cumulative

 

Initial

Issuance

Date

June
1997

September
2006

November
2006

March
2012

March
2012

September
2007

January
2008

January
2008

April
2008

September
2011

May
2013

June
2014

September 
2014

September 
2014

January      

2015

October      

2014

March       
2015

January      

2016

March      
2016

April         
2016

November
2004

March
2005

November
2005

November
2005

March
2007

 

Total
Shares

Liquidation

Preference per Share

Outstanding

(in dollars)

Carrying
Value (1)

7,110

$

100

$

26,174

12,691

1,409

4,926

14,584

61,773

3,080,182

52,399

354

40,000

60,000

44,000

80,000

44,000

56,000

76,000

44,000

40,000

36,000

3,275

9,967

21,773

7,010

25,000

25,000

100,000

100,000

25,000

25,000

1,000

25,000

100,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

25,000

30,000

30,000

30,000

30,000

1

654

317

141

493

365

1,544

3,080

1,310

35

1,000

1,500

1,100

2,000

1,100

1,400

1,900

1,100

1,000

900

98

299

653

210

14,056
3,837,683

30,000
 

$

422
22,622

Per Annum

Dividend Rate

Redemption Period (2)

7.00%

6.204%

3-mo. LIBOR + 35 bps (4)

3-mo. LIBOR + 40 bps (4)

3-mo. LIBOR + 40 bps (4)

6.625%

n/a

On or after
September 14, 2011

On or after
November 15, 2011

On or after
March 15, 2012

On or after
March 15, 2012

On or after
October 1, 2017

8.00% to, but excluding, 1/30/18;  
3-mo. LIBOR + 363 bps thereafter

On or after
January 30, 2018

7.25%

8.125% to, but excluding, 5/15/18; 
3-mo. LIBOR + 364 bps thereafter

n/a

On or after
May 15, 2018

6.00%

After May 7, 2019

5.2% to, but excluding, 6/1/23;
3-mo. LIBOR + 313.5 bps thereafter

5.125% to, but excluding, 6/17/19;
3-mo. LIBOR + 338.7 bps thereafter

6.625%

6.250% to, but excluding, 9/5/24;
3-mo. LIBOR + 370.5 bps thereafter

6.500%

6.500% to, but excluding,10/23/24;
3-mo. LIBOR + 417.4 bps thereafter

6.100% to, but excluding, 3/17/25;
3-mo. LIBOR + 389.8 bps thereafter

6.200%

6.300% to, but excluding, 3/10/26;
3-mo. LIBOR + 455.3 bps thereafter

6.000%

3-mo. LIBOR + 75 bps (8)

3-mo. LIBOR + 65 bps (8)

6.375%

3-mo. LIBOR + 75 bps (4)

3-mo. LIBOR + 50 bps (4)

On or after
June 1, 2023

On or after
June 17, 2019

On or after
September 9, 2019

On or after
September 5, 2024

On or after
January 27, 2020

On or after
October 23, 2024

On or after
March 17, 2025

On or after
January 29, 2021

On or after
March 10, 2026

On or after
April 25, 2021

On or after
November 28, 2009

On or after
November 28, 2009

On or after
November 28, 2010

On or after
November 28, 2010

On or after
May 21, 2012

 

 

(1)  Amounts shown are before third-party issuance costs and certain book value adjustments of $299 million.
(2)  The Corporation may redeem series of preferred stock on or after the redemption date, in whole or in part, at its option, at the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid dividends. Series B 

and Series L Preferred Stock do not have early redemption/call rights.

(3)  Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.
(4)  Subject to 4.00% minimum rate per annum.
(5)  Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a semi-annual cash dividend, if and when declared, until the first 

redemption date at which time, it adjusts to a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared, thereafter.

(6)  Represents shares that were not surrendered when the holders of Series T preferred stock exercised warrants to acquire 700 million shares of common stock in the third quarter of 2017.
(7)  Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,200th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.
(8)  Subject to 3.00% minimum rate per annum.
n/a = not applicable

Bank of America 2017     177 

NOTE 14 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The table below presents the changes in accumulated OCI after-tax for 2015, 2016 and 2017.

Available-for-

(Dollars in millions)
Balance, December 31, 2014

Cumulative adjustment for accounting change
Net change

Balance, December 31, 2015

Net change

Balance, December 31, 2016

Net change

Balance, December 31, 2017

$

$

$

$

Debt

Securities 

Sale Marketable
Equity Securities
17
$
— $
45
62
(30)
32
(30)
2

$

$

$

$

1,641
—
(1,625)
16
(1,315)
(1,299) $

91

(1,208) $

Debit Valuation

Adjustments
n/a
(1,226)
615
(611) $
(156)
(767) $
(293)

Derivatives
$

(1,661) $

—
584

(3,350) $

—
394

(1,077) $

(2,956) $

182
(895) $

64

(524)

(3,480) $

288

(1,060) $

(831) $

(3,192) $

(669) $

—
(123)
(792) $

(87)

(879) $

86

(793) $

(4,022)
(1,226)
(110)
(5,358)
(1,930)
(7,288)
206
(7,082)

Employee

Benefit Plans

Foreign

Currency (1)

Total

The table below presents the net change in fair value recorded in accumulated OCI, net realized gains and losses reclassified into 

earnings and other changes for each component of OCI before- and after-tax for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Changes in OCI Components Before- and After-tax

(Dollars in millions)
Debt securities:

Net increase in fair value
Reclassifications into earnings:

Gains on sales of debt securities
Other income

Net realized gains reclassified into earnings

Net change

Available-for-sale marketable equity securities:

Net increase (decrease) in fair value
Net realized gains reclassified into earnings (2)

Net change

Debit valuation adjustments:

Net increase (decrease) in fair value
Net realized losses reclassified into earnings (2)

Net change

Derivatives:

Net increase (decrease) in fair value
Reclassifications into earnings:

Net interest income
Personnel

Net realized losses reclassified into earnings

Net change

Employee benefit plans:

Net increase (decrease) in fair value
Reclassifications into earnings:

Prior service cost
Net actuarial losses

Net realized losses reclassified into earnings (3)

Settlements, curtailments and other

Net change

Foreign currency:

Before-

tax

Tax 
effect
2017

After-
tax

Before-

tax

Tax
effect
2016

After-
tax

Before-

tax

Tax
effect
2015

After-
tax

$

202

$

26

$

228

$ (1,645) $

622

$ (1,023) $ (1,564) $

595

$

(969)

(255)
41
(214)
(12)

38
(90)
(52)

(490)
42
(448)

(50)

327
(148)
179
129

223

4
175
179
3
405

97
(20)
77
103

(12)
34
22

171
(16)
155

(158)
21
(137)
91

26
(56)
(30)

(319)
26
(293)

(490)
19
(471)
(2,116)

(49)
—
(49)

(271)
17
(254)

1

(49)

(299)

(122)
56
(66)
(65)

(55)

(1)
(60)
(61)
(1)
(117)

205
(92)
113
64

168

3
115
118
2
288

553
32
585
286

(921)

5
92
97
15
(809)

186
(7)
179
801

19
—
19

104
(6)
98

113

(205)
(12)
(217)
(104)

329

(2)
(34)
(36)
(8)
285

(304)
12
(292)
(1,315)

(1,138)
81
(1,057)
(2,621)

(30)
—
(30)

(167)
11
(156)

(186)

348
20
368
182

(592)

3
58
61
7
(524)

72
—
72

436
556
992

55

974
(91)
883
938

408

5
164
169
1
578

432
(31)
401
996

(27)
—
(27)

(166)
(211)
(377)

(22)

(367)
35
(332)
(354)

(121)

(2)
(60)
(62)
(1)
(184)

(706)
50
(656)
(1,625)

45
—
45

270
345
615

33

607
(56)
551
584

287

3
104
107
—
394

Net increase (decrease) in fair value
Net realized gains reclassified into earnings (1,2)

(123)
—
(123)
(110)
(1)  During 2017, foreign currency included a pre-tax gain on derivatives and related income tax expense associated with the Corporation’s net investment in its non-U.S. consumer credit card business, 

430
701
1,131
$ (1,023) $ 1,229

(723)
38
(685)
(631) $

Total other comprehensive income (loss)

(601)
—
(601)
498

(439)
(606)
(1,045)

600
(38)
562
521

(9)
95
86
206

514
—
514

(87)
—
(87)

$ (2,428) $

$ (1,930) $

Net change

$

$

which was sold in 2017. The derivative gain was partially offset by a loss on the related foreign currency translation adjustment.

(2)  Reclassifications of pre-tax AFS marketable equity securities, DVA and foreign currency are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(3)  Reclassifications of pre-tax employee benefit plan costs are recorded in personnel expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
n/a = not applicable

178     Bank of America 2017

NOTE 15 Earnings Per Common Share
The calculation of EPS and diluted EPS for 2017, 2016 and 2015 is presented below. For more information on the calculation of EPS, 
see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

(Dollars in millions, except per share information; shares in thousands)
Earnings per common share
Net income
Preferred stock dividends

Net income applicable to common shareholders
Average common shares issued and outstanding
Earnings per common share

Diluted earnings per common share
Net income applicable to common shareholders
Add preferred stock dividends due to assumed conversions (1)

Net income allocated to common shareholders
Average common shares issued and outstanding
Dilutive potential common shares (2)

Total diluted average common shares issued and outstanding

Diluted earnings per common share
(1)  Represents the Series T dividends under the “if-converted” method prior to conversion.
(2) 

Includes incremental dilutive shares from RSUs, restricted stock and warrants.

In connection with an investment in the Corporation’s Series 
T  preferred  stock  in  2011,  the  Series  T  holders  also  received 
warrants  to  purchase  700  million  shares  of  the  Corporation’s 
common stock at an exercise price of $7.142857 per share. On 
August 24, 2017, the Series T holders exercised the warrants and 
acquired  the  700  million  shares  of  the  Corporation’s  common 
stock using the Series T preferred stock as consideration for the 
exercise price, which increased common shares outstanding, but 
had no effect on diluted earnings per share as this conversion had 
been  included  in  the  Corporation’s  diluted  earnings  per  share 
calculation under the applicable accounting guidance. The use of 
the Series T preferred stock as consideration represents a non-
cash  financing  activity  and,  accordingly,  is  not  reflected  in  the 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. For 2016 and 2015, the 
700  million  average  dilutive  potential  common  shares  were 
included  in  the  diluted  share  count  under  the  “if-converted” 
method.

For 2017, 2016 and 2015, 62 million average dilutive potential 
common shares associated with the Series L preferred stock were 
not included in the diluted share count because the result would 
have been antidilutive under the “if-converted” method. For 2017, 
2016 and 2015, average options to purchase 21 million, 45 million 
and  66  million  shares  of  common  stock,  respectively,  were 
outstanding but not included in the computation of EPS because 
the result would have been antidilutive under the treasury stock 
method. For 2017, 2016 and 2015, average warrants to purchase 
122 million shares of common stock were outstanding but not 
included in the computation of EPS because the result would have 
been  antidilutive  under  the  treasury  stock  method.  For  2017, 
average warrants to purchase 143 million shares of common stock 
were included in the diluted EPS calculation under the treasury 
stock method compared to 150 million shares of common stock 
in both 2016 and 2015.

2017

18,232
(1,614)
16,618
10,195,646
1.63

 
16,618
186
16,804
10,195,646
582,782
10,778,428
1.56

$

$

$

$

$

$

2016

 
17,822
(1,682)
16,140
10,284,147
1.57

 
16,140
300
16,440
10,284,147
762,659
11,046,806
1.49

$

$

$

$

$

$

2015

15,910
(1,483)
14,427
10,462,282
1.38

14,427
300
14,727
10,462,282
773,948
11,236,230
1.31

$

$

$

$

$

$

NOTE 16 Regulatory Requirements and 
Restrictions
The  Federal  Reserve,  Office  of  the  Comptroller  of  the  Currency 
(OCC)  and  FDIC  (collectively,  U.S.  banking  regulators)  jointly 
establish regulatory capital adequacy guidelines for U.S. banking 
organizations. As a financial holding company, the Corporation is 
subject to capital adequacy rules issued by the Federal Reserve. 
The Corporation’s banking entity affiliates are subject to capital 
adequacy rules issued by the OCC.

Basel 3 updated the composition of capital and established a 
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio. Common equity tier 1 capital 
primarily 
includes  common  stock,  retained  earnings  and 
accumulated  OCI.  Basel  3  revised  minimum  capital  ratios  and 
buffer requirements, added a supplementary leverage ratio, and 
addressed  the  adequately  capitalized  minimum  requirements 
under the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework. Finally, Basel 
3 established two methods of calculating risk-weighted assets, 
the Standardized approach and the Advanced approaches. 

The Corporation and its primary banking entity affiliate, BANA, 
are Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3. As Advanced 
approaches  institutions,  the  Corporation  and  its  banking  entity 
affiliates are required to report regulatory risk-based capital ratios 
and  risk-weighted  assets  under  both  the  Standardized  and 
Advanced approaches. The approach that yields the lower ratio is 
used  to  assess  capital  adequacy,  including  under  the  PCA 
framework,  and  was  the  Advanced  approaches  method  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The  following  table  presents  capital  ratios  and  related 
information  in  accordance  with  Basel  3  Standardized  and 
Advanced approaches – Transition as measured at December 31, 
2017 and 2016 for the Corporation and BANA. 

Bank of America 2017     179 

Regulatory Capital under Basel 3 – Transition (1)

(Dollars in millions, except as noted)
Risk-based capital metrics:

Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital (4)
Risk-weighted assets (in billions) (5)
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio
Tier 1 capital ratio
Total capital ratio

Leverage-based metrics:

Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (6)
Tier 1 leverage ratio

Risk-based capital metrics:

Common equity tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Total capital (4)
Risk-weighted assets (in billions)
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio
Tier 1 capital ratio
Total capital ratio

Leverage-based metrics:

Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (6)
Tier 1 leverage ratio

Bank of America Corporation

Bank of America, N.A.

Standardized

Approach

Advanced
Approaches

Regulatory 
Minimum (2)

Standardized

Approach

Advanced
Approaches

Regulatory 
Minimum (3)

 

 

$ 171,063
191,496
227,427
1,434

$ 171,063
191,496
218,529
1,449

December 31, 2017

 

 

$ 150,552
150,552
163,243
1,201

$ 150,552
150,552
154,675
1,007

11.9%
13.4
15.9

11.8%
13.2
15.1

7.25%
8.75
10.75

12.5%
12.5
13.6

14.9%
14.9
15.4

6.5%
8.0
10.0

$

2,224

$

2,224

$

1,672

$

1,672

8.6%

8.6%

4.0

9.0%

9.0%

5.0

 

December 31, 2016

 

 

$ 168,866
190,315
228,187
1,399

$ 168,866
190,315
218,981
1,530

 

 

$ 149,755
149,755
163,471
1,176

$ 149,755
149,755
154,697
1,045

12.1%
13.6
16.3

11.0%
12.4
14.3

5.875%
7.375
9.375

12.7%
12.7
13.9

14.3%
14.3
14.8

6.5%
8.0
10.0

$

2,131

$

2,131

$

1,611

$

1,611

8.9%

8.9%

4.0

9.3%

9.3%

5.0

(1)  Under the applicable bank regulatory rules, the Corporation is not required to and, accordingly, will not restate previously-filed regulatory capital metrics and ratios in connection with the change in 
accounting method as described in Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles . Therefore, the December 31, 2016 amounts in the table are as originally reported. The cumulative impact 
of the change in accounting method resulted in an insignificant pro forma change to the Corporation’s capital metrics and ratios. 

(2)  The December 31, 2017 and 2016 amounts include a transition capital conservation buffer of 1.25 percent and 0.625 percent and a transition global systemically important bank surcharge of 1.5 

percent and 0.75 percent. The countercyclical capital buffer for both periods is zero.

(3)  Percentage required to meet guidelines to be considered “well capitalized” under the PCA framework.
(4)  Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit losses.
(5)  During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Corporation obtained approval from U.S. banking regulators to use its Internal Models Methodology to calculate counterparty credit risk-weighted assets for 

derivatives under the Advanced approaches.

(6)  Reflects adjusted average total assets for the three months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The  capital  adequacy  rules  issued  by  the  U.S.  banking 
regulators require institutions to meet the established minimums 
outlined  in  the  table  above.  Failure  to  meet  the  minimum 
requirements  can  lead  to  certain  mandatory  and  discretionary 
actions by regulators that could have a material adverse impact 
on the Corporation’s financial position. At December 31, 2017 and 
2016, the Corporation and its banking entity affiliates were “well 
capitalized.”

Other Regulatory Matters
The Federal Reserve requires the Corporation’s bank subsidiaries 
to maintain reserve requirements based on a percentage of certain 
deposit liabilities. The average daily reserve balance requirements, 
in excess of vault cash, maintained by the Corporation with the 
Federal Reserve were $8.9 billion and $7.7 billion for 2017 and 
2016. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Corporation had cash 
and cash equivalents in the amount of $4.1 billion and $4.8 billion, 
and securities with a fair value of $17.3 billion and $14.6 billion 
that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations. In 
addition, at December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Corporation had 

cash deposited with clearing organizations of $11.9 billion and 
$10.2  billion  primarily  recorded  in  other  assets  on  the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The  primary  sources  of  funds  for  cash  distributions  by  the 
Corporation to its shareholders are capital distributions received 
from its bank subsidiaries, BANA and Bank of America California, 
N.A. In 2017, the Corporation received dividends of $22.2 billion
from BANA and $275 million from Bank of America California, N.A. 
The amount of dividends that a subsidiary bank may declare in a 
calendar  year  is  the  subsidiary  bank’s  net  profits  for  that  year 
combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years. 
Retained net profits, as defined by the OCC, consist of net income 
less  dividends  declared  during  the  period.  In  2018,  BANA  can 
declare  and  pay  dividends  of  approximately  $6.0  billion  to  the 
Corporation plus an additional amount equal to its retained net 
profits for 2018 up to the date of any such dividend declaration. 
Bank of America California, N.A. can pay dividends of $195 million
in 2018 plus an additional amount equal to its retained net profits 
for 2018 up to the date of any such dividend declaration.

180     Bank of America 2017

NOTE 17 Employee Benefit Plans

Pension and Postretirement Plans
The  Corporation  sponsors  a  qualified  noncontributory  trusteed 
pension plan (Qualified Pension Plan), a number of noncontributory 
nonqualified  pension  plans,  and  postretirement  health  and  life 
plans  that  cover  eligible  employees.  Non-U.S.  pension  plans 
sponsored by the Corporation vary based on the country and local 
practices.

The Qualified Pension Plan has a balance guarantee feature 
for  account  balances  with  participant-selected  investments, 
applied at the time a benefit payment is made from the plan that 
effectively provides principal protection for participant balances 
transferred and certain compensation credits. The Corporation is 
responsible for funding any shortfall on the guarantee feature.

Benefits earned under the Qualified Pension Plan have been 
frozen. Thereafter, the cash balance accounts continue to earn 
investment credits or interest credits in accordance with the terms 
of the plan document.

The Corporation has an annuity contract that guarantees the 
payment of benefits vested under a terminated U.S. pension plan 
(Other  Pension  Plan).  The  Corporation,  under  a  supplemental 
agreement,  may  be  responsible  for,  or  benefit  from  actual 
experience  and  investment  performance  of  the  annuity  assets. 
The Corporation made no contribution under this agreement in 
2017 or 2016. Contributions may be required in the future under 
this agreement.

The Corporation’s noncontributory, nonqualified pension plans 
are unfunded and provide supplemental defined pension benefits 
to certain eligible employees.

In  addition  to  retirement  pension  benefits,  certain  benefits-
eligible employees may become eligible to continue participation 
as retirees in health care and/or life insurance plans sponsored 
by  the  Corporation.  These  plans  are  referred  to  as  the 
Postretirement  Health  and  Life  Plans.  During  2017,  the 
Corporation  established  and  funded  a  Voluntary  Employees’ 
Beneficiary Association trust in the amount of $300 million for the 
Postretirement Health and Life Plans.

The Pension and Postretirement Plans table summarizes the 
changes in the fair value of plan assets, changes in the projected 
benefit  obligation  (PBO),  the  funded  status  of  both  the 
accumulated  benefit  obligation  (ABO)  and  the  PBO,  and  the 
weighted-average  assumptions  used  to  determine  benefit 
obligations  for  the  pension  plans  and  postretirement  plans  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The estimate of the Corporation’s 
PBO  associated  with  these  plans  considers  various  actuarial 
assumptions,  including  assumptions  for  mortality  rates  and 
discount rates. The discount rate assumptions are derived from 
a cash flow matching technique that utilizes rates that are based 
on Aa-rated corporate bonds with cash flows that match estimated 
benefit  payments  of  each  of  the  plans.  The  decreases  in  the 
weighted-average  discount  rate  in  2017  and  2016  resulted  in 
increases to the PBO of approximately $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion
at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Pension and Postretirement Plans (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Change in fair value of plan assets
Fair value, January 1

Actual return on plan assets
Company contributions
Plan participant contributions
Settlements and curtailments
Benefits paid
Federal subsidy on benefits paid
Foreign currency exchange rate changes

Fair value, December 31

Change in projected benefit obligation
Projected benefit obligation, January 1

Service cost
Interest cost
Plan participant contributions
Plan amendments
Settlements and curtailments
Actuarial loss (gain)
Benefits paid
Federal subsidy on benefits paid
Foreign currency exchange rate changes

Projected benefit obligation, December 31

Amounts recognized on Consolidated Balance Sheet

Other assets
Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Net amount recognized, December 31

Funded status, December 31

Accumulated benefit obligation
Overfunded (unfunded) status of ABO
Provision for future salaries
Projected benefit obligation

Weighted-average assumptions, December 31

Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase

Qualified

Pension Plan

Non-U.S.

Pension Plans

Nonqualified and Other

Pension Plans

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

Postretirement

Health and Life Plans
2016
2017

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

18,239
2,285
—
—
—
(816)
 n/a
 n/a
19,708

14,982
—
606
—
—
—
934
(816)
 n/a
 n/a
15,706

4,002
—
4,002

15,706
4,002
—
15,706

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

17,962
1,075
—
—
—
(798)
 n/a
 n/a
18,239

14,461
—
634
—
—
—
685
(798)
n/a
n/a
14,982

3,257
—
3,257

14,982
3,257
—
14,982

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

2,789
118
23
1
(190)
(54)
 n/a
256
2,943

2,763
24
72
1
—
(200)
(26)
(54)
 n/a
234
2,814

610
(481)
129

2,731
212
83
2,814

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

2,738
541
48
1
(20)
(118)
 n/a
(401)
2,789

2,580
25
86
1
—
(31)
535
(118)
 n/a
(315)
2,763

475
(449)
26

2,645
144
118
2,763

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

2,744
128
98
—
—
(246)
 n/a
 n/a
2,724

3,047
1
117
—
—
—
128
(246)
 n/a
 n/a
3,047

730
(1,053)
(323)

3,046
(322)
1
3,047

2,805
74
104
—
(6)
(233)
n/a
n/a
2,744

3,053
—
127
—
—
(6)
106
(233)
 n/a
 n/a
3,047

760
(1,063)
(303)

3,046
(302)
1
3,047

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

— $
—
393
125
—
(230)
12
 n/a
300

$

1,125
6
43
125
(19)
—
(7)
(230)
12
1
1,056

$

$

— $

(756)
(756)

n/a
n/a
n/a
1,056

$

$

—
—
104
125
—
(242)
13
 n/a
—

1,152
7
47
125
—
—
25
(242)
13
(2)
1,125

—
(1,125)
(1,125)

n/a
n/a
n/a
1,125

3.68%
 n/a

4.16%
n/a

2.39%
4.31

2.56%
4.51

3.58%
4.00

4.01%
4.00

3.58%
n/a

3.99%
n/a

(1)  The measurement date for the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans was December 31 of each year 

reported.

n/a = not applicable

Bank of America 2017     181 

The Corporation’s estimate of its contributions to be made to 
the Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, 
and Postretirement Health and Life Plans in 2018 is $17 million, 
$92 million and $19 million, respectively. The Corporation does 
not expect to make a contribution to the Qualified Pension Plan in 
2018. It is the policy of the Corporation to fund no less than the 

minimum funding amount required by the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). 

Pension Plans with ABO and PBO in excess of plan assets as 
of December 31, 2017 and 2016 are presented in the table below. 
For these plans, funding strategies vary due to legal requirements 
and local practices.

Plans with PBO and ABO in Excess of Plan Assets

(Dollars in millions)
PBO
ABO
Fair value of plan assets

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost

(Dollars in millions)
Components of net periodic benefit cost (income)

Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of net actuarial loss
Other

Net periodic benefit cost (income)

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net cost for years ended December 31

Discount rate
Expected return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

(Dollars in millions)
Components of net periodic benefit cost (income)

Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain)
Other

Net periodic benefit cost (income)

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net cost for years ended December 31

Discount rate
Expected return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

n/a = not applicable

Non-U.S.

Pension Plans

Nonqualified

and Other

Pension Plans

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

671
644
191

$

626
594
179

$

1,054
1,053
1

1,065
1,064
1

 

Qualified Pension Plan

Non-U.S. Pension Plans

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

— $

— $

— $

606
(1,068)
154
—
(308)

$

$

 
4.16%
6.00
n/a

634
(1,038)
139
—
(265)
 
4.51%
6.00
n/a

$

621
(1,045)
170
—
(254)
 
4.12%
6.00
n/a

$

$

$

24
72
(136)
8
(7)
(39)

 
2.56%
4.73
4.51

$

$

25
86
(123)
6
2
(4)
 
3.59%
4.84
4.67

27
93
(133)
6
1
(6)
 
3.56%
5.27
4.70

Nonqualified and

Other Pension Plans

Postretirement Health

and Life Plans

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

$

1
117
(95)
34
—
57

 
4.01%
3.50
4.00

$

— $

— $

$

127
(101)
25
3
54

 
4.34%
3.66
4.00

$

122
(92)
34
—
64

 
3.80%
3.26
4.00

$

$

$

6
43
—
(21)
4
32

 
3.99%
 n/a
 n/a

$

$

7
47
—
(81)
4
(23)
 
4.32%
 n/a
 n/a

8
48
(1)
(46)
4
13

 
3.75%
6.00
n/a

The  asset  valuation  method  used  to  calculate  the  expected 
return on plan assets component of net periodic benefit cost for 
the Qualified Pension Plan recognizes 60 percent of the prior year’s 
market gains or losses at the next measurement date with the 
remaining 40 percent spread equally over the subsequent four 
years.

Gains and losses for all benefit plans except postretirement 
health  care  are  recognized  in  accordance  with  the  standard 
amortization provisions of the applicable accounting guidance. Net 
periodic postretirement health and life expense was determined 
using  the  “projected  unit  credit”  actuarial  method.  For  the 
Postretirement  Health  and  Life  Plans,  50  percent  of  the 
unrecognized gain or loss at the beginning of the fiscal year (or at 

subsequent remeasurement) is recognized on a level basis during 
the year.

Assumed health care cost trend rates affect the postretirement 
benefit obligation and benefit cost reported for the Postretirement 
Health and Life Plans. The assumed health care cost trend rate 
used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the 
Postretirement Health and Life Plans is 7.00 percent for 2018, 
reducing in steps to 5.00 percent in 2023 and later years. A one-
percentage-point increase in assumed health care cost trend rates 
would  have  increased  the  service  and  interest  costs,  and  the 
benefit obligation by $1 million and $26 million in 2017. A one-
percentage-point  decrease  in  assumed  health  care  cost  trend 
rates would have lowered the service and interest costs, and the 
benefit obligation by $1 million and $23 million in 2017.

182     Bank of America 2017

The Corporation’s net periodic benefit cost (income) recognized 
for the plans is sensitive to the discount rate and expected return 
on plan assets. With all other assumptions held constant, a 25 
bp decline in the discount rate and expected return on plan assets 
assumptions would have resulted in an increase in the net periodic 
benefit cost for the Qualified Pension Plan of approximately $6 

million and $45 million in 2017, and approximately $6 million and 
$47 million to be recognized in 2018. For the Non-U.S. Pension 
Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement 
Health  and  Life  Plans,  a  25  bp  decline  in  discount  rates  and 
expected return on assets would not have a significant impact on 
the net periodic benefit cost for 2017 and 2018.

Pretax Amounts Included in Accumulated OCI

(Dollars in millions)
Net actuarial loss (gain)
Prior service cost (credits)

Amounts recognized in accumulated OCI

Pretax Amounts Recognized in OCI

Qualified

Pension Plan

 

2017
$ 3,992
—
$ 3,992

2016
$ 4,429
—
$ 4,429

Qualified

Pension Plan

Non-U.S.

Pension Plans
2017
$

196
4
200

$

2016
$ 216
4
$ 220

Nonqualified

and Other

Pension Plans
2017
$ 1,014
—
$ 1,014

2016
$ 953
—
$ 953

Non-U.S.

Nonqualified

and Other

Pension Plans
2017
$

Pension Plans
2017
$

Postretirement

Health and
Life Plans

Total

2017
$

$

2016

2017

(30) $
(11)
(41) $

(44) $ 5,172
(7)
12
(32) $ 5,165

2016
$ 5,554
16
$ 5,570

Postretirement

Health and
Life Plans

Total (1)

2017
$

2016

(7) $
25
81
21
—
(19)
(4)
(4)
(9) $ 102

2016

2017
$ (207) $ 906
(92)
—
(5)
$ (405) $ 809

(175)
(19)
(4)

$

(Dollars in millions)
Current year actuarial loss (gain)
Amortization of actuarial gain (loss)
Current year prior service cost (credit)
Amortization of prior service cost

(12) $ 100
(6)
(8)
—
—
(1)
—
(20) $
93
(1) Pretax amounts to be amortized from accumulated OCI as period cost during 2018 are estimated to be $176 million.

2017
$ (283) $ 648
(139)
—
—
$ (437) $ 509

Amounts recognized in OCI

(154)
—
—

2016

2016

$

$

2016
$ 133
(28)
—
—
$ 105

95
(34)
—
—
61

Plan Assets
The Qualified Pension Plan has been established as a retirement 
vehicle  for  participants,  and  trusts  have  been  established  to 
secure benefits promised under the Qualified Pension Plan. The 
Corporation’s  policy  is  to  invest  the  trust  assets  in  a  prudent 
manner  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  providing  benefits  to 
participants and defraying reasonable expenses of administration. 
The Corporation’s investment strategy is designed to provide a 
total return that, over the long term, increases the ratio of assets 
to liabilities. The strategy attempts to maximize the investment 
return  on  assets  at  a  level  of  risk  deemed  appropriate  by  the 
Corporation  while  complying  with  ERISA  and  any  applicable 
regulations  and  laws.  The  investment  strategy  utilizes  asset 
allocation  as  a  principal  determinant  for  establishing  the  risk/
return  profile  of  the  assets.  Asset  allocation  ranges  are 
established, periodically reviewed and adjusted as funding levels 
and liability characteristics change. Active and passive investment 
managers are employed to help enhance the risk/return profile of 
the assets. An additional aspect of the investment strategy used 
to  minimize  risk  (part  of  the  asset  allocation  plan)  includes 
matching  the  exposure  of  participant-selected 
investment 
measures.  No  plan  assets  are  expected  to  be  returned  to  the 
Corporation during 2018.

The  assets  of  the  Non-U.S.  Pension  Plans  are  primarily 
attributable to a U.K. pension plan. This U.K. pension plan’s assets 
are invested prudently so that the benefits promised to members 
are provided with consideration given to the nature and the duration 

of the plan’s liabilities. The selected asset allocation strategy is 
designed to achieve a higher return than the lowest risk strategy.
The expected rate of return on plan assets assumption was 
developed through analysis of historical market returns, historical 
asset class volatility and correlations, current market conditions, 
anticipated future asset allocations, the funds’ past experience, 
and expectations on potential future market returns. The expected 
return  on  plan  assets  assumption  is  determined  using  the 
calculated market-related value for the Qualified Pension Plan and 
the Other Pension Plan and the fair value for the Non-U.S. Pension 
Plans  and  Postretirement  Health  and  Life  Plans.  The  expected 
return on plan assets assumption represents a long-term average 
view of the performance of the assets in the Qualified Pension 
Plan,  the  Non-U.S.  Pension  Plans,  the  Other  Pension  Plan,  and 
Postretirement Health and Life Plans, a return that may or may not 
be achieved during any one calendar year. The Other Pension Plan 
is invested solely in an annuity contract which is primarily invested 
in fixed-income securities structured such that asset maturities 
match the duration of the plan’s obligations.

The  target  allocations  for  2018  by  asset  category  for  the 
Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, and Nonqualified 
and  Other  Pension  Plans  are  presented  in  the  following  table. 
Equity securities for the Qualified Pension Plan include common 
stock of the Corporation in the amounts of $261 million (1.33 
percent of total plan assets) and $203 million (1.11 percent of 
total plan assets) at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Bank of America 2017     183 

2018 Target Allocation

Asset Category
Equity securities
Debt securities
Real estate
Other

Percentage

Qualified

Pension Plan
30-60
40-70
0-10
0-5

Non-U.S.

Pension Plans
5-35
40-80
0-15
0-25

Nonqualified

and Other

Pension Plans
0-5
95-100
0-5
0-5

Fair Value Measurements
For more information on fair value measurements, including descriptions of Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation 
methods employed by the Corporation, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements. 
Combined plan investment assets measured at fair value by level and in total at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are summarized in the 
Fair Value Measurements table.

Fair Value Measurements

(Dollars in millions)
Cash and short-term investments

Money market and interest-bearing cash
Cash and cash equivalent commingled/mutual funds

Fixed income

U.S. government and agency securities
Corporate debt securities
Asset-backed securities
Non-U.S. debt securities
Fixed income commingled/mutual funds

Equity

Common and preferred equity securities
Equity commingled/mutual funds
Public real estate investment trusts

Real estate

Private real estate
Real estate commingled/mutual funds

Limited partnerships
Other investments (1)

Total plan investment assets, at fair value

Cash and short-term investments

Money market and interest-bearing cash
Cash and cash equivalent commingled/mutual funds

Fixed income

U.S. government and agency securities
Corporate debt securities
Asset-backed securities
Non-U.S. debt securities
Fixed income commingled/mutual funds

Equity

Common and preferred equity securities
Equity commingled/mutual funds
Public real estate investment trusts

Real estate

 

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

December 31, 2017

Total

$

 

— $

$

 

$

$

 
2,190
—
 
3,331
—
—
693
775
 
5,833
271
138
 
—
—
—
101
13,332

776
—

3,125
—
—
789
778

6,120
735
145

$

$

1,004
 
854
2,417
1,832
898
1,676
 
—
1,753
—
 
—
13
155
649
11,251

$

 

— $
—
 
9
—
—
—
—
 
—
—
—
 
93
831
85
74
1,092

$

December 31, 2016

— $

997

— $
—

816
1,892
2,246
705
1,503

—
1,225
—

10
—
—
—
—

—
—
—

 
2,190
1,004
 
4,194
2,417
1,832
1,591
2,451
 
5,833
2,024
138
 
93
844
240
824
25,675

776
997

3,951
1,892
2,246
1,494
2,281

6,120
1,960
145

Private real estate
Real estate commingled/mutual funds

150
760
170
830
23,772
(1)  Other investments include interest rate swaps of $156 million and $257 million, participant loans of $20 million and $36 million, commodity and balanced funds of $451 million and $369 million 

Limited partnerships
Other investments (1)

—
—
—
15
12,483

—
12
132
732
10,260

Total plan investment assets, at fair value

150
748
38
83
1,029

$

$

$

$

and other various investments of $197 million and $168 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

184     Bank of America 2017

The Level 3 Fair Value Measurements table presents a reconciliation of all plan investment assets measured at fair value using 

significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Level 3 Fair Value Measurements

(Dollars in millions)
Fixed income

U.S. government and agency securities

Real estate

Private real estate
Real estate commingled/mutual funds

Limited partnerships
Other investments

Total

Fixed income

U.S. government and agency securities

Real estate

Private real estate
Real estate commingled/mutual funds

Limited partnerships
Other investments

Total

Fixed income

U.S. government and agency securities

Real estate

Private real estate
Real estate commingled/mutual funds

Limited partnerships
Other investments

Total

Balance
January 1

Actual Return on
Plan Assets Still

Held at the

Reporting Date

Purchases, Sales
and Settlements

Balance

December 31

$

$

$

$

$

$

10

$

150
748
38
83
1,029

$

11

$

144
731
49
102
1,037

$

11

$

127
632
65
127
962

$

2017

— $

8
63
14
5
90

$

2016

— $

1
21
(2)
4
24

$

2015

— $

14
37
(1)
(5)
45

$

(1) $

(65)
20
33
(14)
(27) $

(1) $

5
(4)
(9)
(23)
(32) $

— $

3
62
(15)
(20)
30

$

9

93
831
85
74
1,092

10

150
748
38
83
1,029

11

144
731
49
102
1,037

Projected Benefit Payments
Benefit payments projected to be made from the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, 
and Postretirement Health and Life Plans are presented in the table below.

Projected Benefit Payments

Qualified

Non-U.S.

(Dollars in millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023 - 2027
(1)  Benefit payments expected to be made from the plan’s assets.
(2)  Benefit payments expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets.
(3)  Benefit payments (net of retiree contributions) expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets.

927
912
924
912
919
4,455

Pension Plan (1)

$

$

Pension Plans (2)

Nonqualified

and Other

Pension Plans (2)

Postretirement 

Health and 
Life Plans (3)

$

90
98
104
112
121
695

$

237
239
242
239
232
1,073

92
87
84
81
78
343

Defined Contribution Plans
The  Corporation  maintains  qualified  and  non-qualified  defined 
contribution retirement plans. The Corporation recorded expense 
of $1.0 billion in each of 2017, 2016 and 2015 related to the 
qualified defined contribution plans. At December 31, 2017 and 
2016, 218 million and 224 million shares of the Corporation’s 

common stock were held by these plans. Payments to the plans 
for dividends on common stock were $86 million, $60 million and 
$48 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Certain  non-U.S.  employees  are  covered  under  defined 
contribution  pension  plans  that  are  separately  administered  in 
accordance with local laws.

Bank of America 2017     185 

The table below presents the status at December 31, 2017 of 
the cash-settled RSUs granted under the KEEP and changes during 
2017.

Cash-settled Restricted Units

Outstanding at January 1, 2017
Granted
Vested
Canceled

Outstanding at December 31, 2017

Units

121,235,489
3,105,988
(79,525,864)
(2,605,987)
42,209,626

At December 31, 2017, there was an estimated $1.1 billion of 
total unrecognized compensation cost related to certain share-
based compensation awards that is expected to be recognized 
over a period of up to four years, with a weighted-average period 
of 1.7 years. The total fair value of restricted stock vested in 2017, 
2016 and 2015 was $1.3 billion, $358 million and $145 million, 
respectively. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, the amount of cash paid 
to settle equity-based awards for all equity compensation plans 
was $1.9 billion, $1.7 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively.

Stock Options
The table below presents the status of all option plans at December 
31, 2017 and changes during 2017.

Stock Options

Outstanding at January 1, 2017
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2017

Weighted-
average

Options
42,357,282
(25,769,108)
16,588,174

Exercise Price
$

50.57
55.15
43.44

All options outstanding as of December 31, 2017 were vested 
and  exercisable  with  a  weighted-average  remaining  contractual 
term of less than one year and have no aggregate intrinsic value. 
No options have been granted since 2008.

NOTE 18 Stock-based Compensation Plans
The  Corporation  administers  a  number  of  equity  compensation 
plans, with awards being granted predominantly from the Bank of 
America Key Employee Equity Plan (KEEP). Under this plan, 450 
million shares of the Corporation’s common stock are authorized 
to be used for grants of awards.

During 2017 and 2016, the Corporation granted 85 million and 
163 million RSU awards to certain employees under the KEEP. 
Generally, one-third of the RSUs vest on each of the first three 
anniversaries of the grant date provided that the employee remains 
continuously employed with the Corporation during that time. The 
RSUs are authorized to settle predominantly in shares of common 
stock of the Corporation, and are expensed ratably over the vesting 
period,  net  of  estimated  forfeitures,  for  non-retirement  eligible 
employees based on the grant-date fair value of the shares. Certain 
RSUs will be settled in cash or contain settlement provisions that 
subject 
to  variable  accounting  whereby 
compensation expense is adjusted to fair value based on changes 
in the share price of the Corporation’s common stock up to the 
settlement  date.  Awards  granted  in  years  prior  to  2016  were 
predominantly cash settled. 

these  awards 

Effective  October  1,  2017,  the  Corporation  changed  its 
for  determining  when  stock-based 
accounting  method 
compensation awards granted to retirement-eligible employees are 
deemed authorized, changing from the grant date to the beginning 
of  the  year  preceding  the  grant  date  when  the  incentive  award 
plans are generally approved. As a result, the estimated value of 
the awards is now expensed ratably over the year preceding the 
grant date. The compensation cost for all prior periods presented 
herein  has  been  restated.  For  more  information,  see  Note  1  – 
Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

The compensation cost for the stock-based plans was $2.2 
billion, $2.2 billion and $2.1 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015 and 
the related income tax benefit was $829 million, $835 million and 
$792 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Restricted Stock/Units
The table below presents the status at December 31, 2017 of the 
share-settled restricted stock/units and changes during 2017.

Stock-settled Restricted Stock/Units

Outstanding at January 1, 2017
Granted
Vested
Canceled

Outstanding at December 31, 2017

Shares/Units
156,492,946
81,555,447
(52,187,746)
(6,587,404)
179,273,243

Weighted-

average Grant 
Date Fair Value
11.99
$
24.58
12.01
16.93
17.53

186     Bank of America 2017

NOTE 19 Income Taxes 
On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax Act 
which  made  significant  changes  to  federal  income  tax  law 
including, among other things, reducing the statutory corporate 
income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent and changing the 
taxation  of  the  Corporation’s  non-U.S.  business  activities.  The 
estimated impact on net income was $2.9 billion, driven by $2.3 
billion in income tax expense, largely from a lower valuation of 
certain U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities. The change in the 

statutory tax rate also impacted the Corporation’s tax-advantaged 
energy investments, resulting in a downward valuation adjustment 
of $946 million recorded in other income and a related income 
tax benefit of $347 million, which when netted against the $2.3 
billion, resulted in a net impact on income tax expense of $1.9 
billion. For more information on the Tax Act, see Note 1 – Summary 
of Significant Accounting Principles. 

The components of income tax expense for 2017, 2016 and 

2015 are presented in the table below.

Income Tax Expense

(Dollars in millions)
Current income tax expense

U.S. federal
U.S. state and local
Non-U.S. 

Total current expense

Deferred income tax expense

U.S. federal
U.S. state and local
Non-U.S. 

Total deferred expense
Total income tax expense

2017

2016

2015

 
1,310
557
939
2,806
 
7,238
835
102
8,175
10,981

$

$

$

$

 
302
120
984
1,406
 
5,416
(279)
656
5,793
7,199

$

$

 
2,539
210
561
3,310
 
1,855
515
597
2,967
6,277

Total  income  tax  expense  does  not  reflect  the  tax  effects  of 
items that are included in OCI each period. For more information, 
see Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
Other tax effects included in OCI each period resulted in a benefit 
of $1.2 billion and $498 million in 2017 and 2016 and an expense 
of $631 million in 2015. In addition, prior to 2017, total income 
tax  expense  does  not  reflect  tax  effects  associated  with  the 
Corporation’s  employee stock plans  which decreased  common 

stock and additional paid-in capital $41 million and $44 million in 
2016 and 2015.

Income tax expense for 2017, 2016 and 2015 varied from the 
amount  computed  by  applying  the  statutory  income  tax  rate  to 
income before income taxes. A reconciliation of the expected U.S. 
federal  income  tax  expense,  calculated  by  applying  the  federal 
statutory tax rate of 35 percent, to the Corporation’s actual income 
tax expense, and the effective tax rates for 2017, 2016 and 2015
are presented in the table below.

Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense

(Dollars in millions)
Expected U.S. federal income tax expense
Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:
State tax expense, net of federal benefit
Tax law changes (1)
Changes in prior-period UTBs, including interest
Nondeductible expenses
Affordable housing/energy/other credits
Tax-exempt income, including dividends
Non-U.S. tax rate differential
Share-based compensation
Other

Total income tax expense

(1)  Amounts for 2016 and 2015 are for Non-U.S. tax law changes.

 

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

2017

2016

2015

$

10,225

35.0% $

8,757

35.0% $

7,765

35.0%

881
2,281
133
97
(1,406)
(672)
(272)
(236)
(50)
10,981

$

3.0
7.8
0.5
0.3
(4.8)
(2.3)
(0.9)
(0.8)
(0.2)
37.6% $

420
348
(328)
180
(1,203)
(562)
(307)
—
(106)
7,199

1.7
1.4
(1.3)
0.7
(4.8)
(2.2)
(1.2)
—
(0.5)
28.8% $

438
289
(52)
40
(1,087)
(539)
(559)
—
(18)
6,277

2.0
1.3
(0.2)
0.1
(4.9)
(2.4)
(2.5)
—
(0.1)
28.3%

The reconciliation of the beginning unrecognized tax benefits (UTB) balance to the ending balance is presented in the following table.

Reconciliation of the Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits

(Dollars in millions)
Balance, January 1

Increases related to positions taken during the current year
Increases related to positions taken during prior years 
Decreases related to positions taken during prior years
Settlements
Expiration of statute of limitations

Balance, December 31

2017

2016

2015

875
292
750
(122)
(17)
(5)
1,773

$

$

1,095
104
1,318
(1,091)
(503)
(48)
875

$

$

1,068
36
187
(177)
(1)
(18)
1,095

$

$

Bank of America 2017     187 

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

(Dollars in millions)
Deferred tax assets

Net operating loss carryforwards
Security, loan and debt valuations
Allowance for credit losses
Accrued expenses
Tax credit carryforwards
Employee compensation and retirement benefits
Available-for-sale securities
Other

Gross deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation

allowance

Deferred tax liabilities

Equipment lease financing
Tax credit partnerships
Intangibles
Fee income
Mortgage servicing rights
Long-term borrowings
Other

Gross deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax assets, net of valuation

allowance

 

December 31

2017

2016

$

$

 
8,506
2,939
2,598
2,021
1,793
1,705
510
1,034
21,106
(1,644)

 
9,199
4,726
4,362
3,016
3,125
3,042
784
1,599
29,853
(1,117)

19,462

28,736

2,492
734
670
601
349
227
1,764
6,837

3,489
539
1,171
847
829
355
1,915
9,145

$

12,625

$ 19,591

The  table  below  summarizes  the  deferred  tax  assets  and 
related valuation allowances recognized for the net operating loss 
(NOL) and tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2017.

Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforward Deferred
Tax Assets

Net

(Dollars in millions)
Net operating losses - U.S.  $
Net operating losses -   

Deferred
Tax Asset
868

Valuation
Allowance
$

— $

Deferred
Tax Asset
868

First Year
Expiring

After 2027

U.K. (1)

5,347

—

5,347

None

Net operating losses - other

non-U.S. 

Net operating losses - U.S. 

657

(578)

79

Various

states (2)

Various
After 2036
General business credits
Foreign tax credits
n/a
(1)  Represents U.K. broker/dealer net operating losses which may be carried forward indefinitely.
(2)  The net operating losses and related valuation allowances for U.S. states before considering 

1,634
1,721
72

1,050
1,721
—

(584)
—
(72)

the benefit of federal deductions were $2.1 billion and $739 million.

n/a = not applicable

At December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the balance of the 
Corporation’s  UTBs  which  would,  if  recognized,  affect  the 
Corporation’s effective tax rate was $1.2 billion, $0.6 billion and 
$0.7 billion, respectively. Included in the UTB balance are some 
items the recognition of which would not affect the effective tax 
rate, such as the tax effect of certain temporary differences, the 
portion of gross state UTBs that would be offset by the tax benefit 
of the associated federal deduction and the portion of gross non-
U.S.  UTBs  that  would  be  offset  by  tax  reductions  in  other 
jurisdictions.

The Corporation files income tax returns in more than 100 state 
and  non-U.S.  jurisdictions  each  year.  The  IRS  and  other  tax 
authorities in countries and states in which the Corporation has 
significant business operations examine tax returns periodically 
(continuously 
table 
summarizes the status of examinations by major jurisdiction for 
the Corporation and various subsidiaries at December 31, 2017.

jurisdictions).  The 

in  some 

following 

Tax Examination Status

Years under

Status at

December 31

United States
United States
New York
United Kingdom
(1)  All tax years subsequent to the years shown remain subject to examination.

Examination (1)
2012 – 2013
2014 – 2016
2015
2016

2017
IRS Appeals
Field examination
Field examination
To begin in 2018

It is reasonably possible that the UTB balance may decrease 
by  as  much  as  $0.4  billion  during  the  next  12  months,  since 
resolved items will be removed from the balance whether their 
resolution results in payment or recognition.

The  Corporation  recognized  expense  of  $1  million  and  $56 
million in 2017 and 2016 and a benefit of $82 million in 2015 
for interest and penalties, net-of-tax, in income tax expense. At 
December  31,  2017  and  2016,  the  Corporation’s  accrual  for 
interest and penalties that related to income taxes, net of taxes 
and remittances, was $185 million and $167 million.

Significant components of the Corporation’s net deferred tax 
assets  and  liabilities  at  December  31,  2017  and  2016  are 
presented in the following table. Amounts at December 31, 2017 
reflect appropriate revaluations as a result of the Tax Act’s new 
21 percent federal tax rate.

188     Bank of America 2017

Management  concluded  that  no  valuation  allowance  was 
necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets related to the U.K. 
NOL  carryforwards  and  U.S.  NOL  and  general  business  credit 
carryforwards  since  estimated  future  taxable  income  will  be 
sufficient  to  utilize  these  assets  prior  to  their  expiration.  The 
majority of the Corporation’s U.K. net deferred tax assets, which 
consist primarily of NOLs, are expected to be realized by certain 
subsidiaries over an extended number of years. Management’s 
conclusion is supported by financial results, profit forecasts for 
the  relevant  entities  and  the  indefinite  period  to  carry  forward 
NOLs. However, a material change in those estimates could lead 
management 
its  U.K.  valuation  allowance 
conclusions.

reassess 

to 

At December 31, 2017, U.S. federal income taxes had not been 
provided  on  approximately  $5  billion  of  temporary  differences 
associated  with  investments  in  non-U.S.  subsidiaries  that  are 
essentially  permanent  in  duration.   If  the  Corporation  were  to 
record the associated deferred tax liability, the amount would be 
approximately $1 billion.

NOTE 20 Fair Value Measurements
Under applicable accounting standards, fair value is defined as 
the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to 
transfer  a  liability  (an  exit  price)  in  the  principal  or  most 
advantageous  market  for  the  asset  or  liability  in  an  orderly 
transaction  between  market  participants  on  the  measurement 
date. The Corporation determines the fair values of its financial 
instruments under applicable accounting standards that require 
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize 
the use of unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its 
financial instruments into three levels based on the established 
fair value hierarchy. The Corporation conducts a review of its fair 
value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into 
or  out  of  fair  value  hierarchy  classifications  are  made  if  the 
significant inputs used in the financial models measuring the fair 
values  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  became  unobservable  or 
observable  in  the  current  marketplace.  These  transfers  are 
considered to be effective as of the beginning of the quarter in 
which  they occur.  For  more information regarding  the fair  value 
hierarchy and how the Corporation measures fair value, see Note 
1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. The Corporation 
accounts  for  certain  financial  instruments  under  the  fair  value 
option. For more information, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option.

Valuation Processes and Techniques
The Corporation has various processes and controls in place so 
that fair value is reasonably estimated. A model validation policy 
governs the use and control of valuation models used to estimate 
fair value. This policy requires review and approval of models by 
personnel who are independent of the front office and periodic 
reassessments of models so that they are continuing to perform 
as  designed.  In  addition,  detailed  reviews  of  trading  gains  and 

losses  are  conducted  on  a  daily  basis  by  personnel  who  are 
independent of the front office. A price verification group, which is 
also  independent  of  the  front  office,  utilizes  available  market 
information including executed trades, market prices and market-
observable  valuation  model  inputs  so  that  fair  values  are 
reasonably  estimated.  The  Corporation  performs  due  diligence 
procedures over third-party pricing service providers in order to 
support  their  use  in  the  valuation  process.  Where  market 
information  is  not  available  to  support  internal  valuations, 
independent  reviews  of  the  valuations  are  performed  and  any 
material exposures are escalated through a management review 
process.

While  the  Corporation  believes  its  valuation  methods  are 
appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use 
of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair 
value of certain financial instruments could result in a different 
estimate of fair value at the reporting date.

During 2017, there were no changes to valuation approaches 
or techniques that had, or are expected to have, a material impact 
on the Corporation’s consolidated financial position or results of 
operations.

Trading Account Assets and Liabilities and Debt Securities
The fair values of trading account assets and liabilities are primarily 
based on actively traded markets where prices are based on either 
direct market quotes or observed transactions. The fair values of 
debt securities are generally based on quoted market prices or 
market prices for similar assets. Liquidity is a significant factor in 
the determination of the fair values of trading account assets and 
liabilities  and  debt  securities.  Market  price  quotes  may  not  be 
readily available for some positions such as positions within a 
market sector where trading activity has slowed significantly or 
ceased. Some of these instruments are valued using a discounted 
cash flow model, which estimates the fair value of the securities 
using internal credit risk, interest rate and prepayment risk models 
that  incorporate  management’s  best  estimate  of  current  key 
assumptions such as default rates, loss severity and prepayment 
rates. Principal and interest cash flows are discounted using an 
observable discount rate for similar instruments with adjustments 
that management believes a market participant would consider in 
determining fair value for the specific security. Other instruments 
are valued using a net asset value approach which considers the 
value of the underlying securities. Underlying assets are valued 
using external pricing services, where available, or matrix pricing 
based on the vintages and ratings. Situations of illiquidity generally 
are  triggered  by  the  market’s  perception  of  credit  uncertainty 
regarding a single company or a specific market sector. In these 
instances,  fair  value  is  determined  based  on  limited  available 
market information and other factors, principally from reviewing 
the issuer’s financial statements and changes in credit ratings 
made by one or more rating agencies.

Bank of America 2017     189 

using  interest  rates  approximating  the  Corporation’s  current 
origination rates for similar loans adjusted to reflect the inherent 
credit risk. The borrower-specific credit risk is embedded within 
the  quoted  market  prices  or  is  implied  by  considering  loan 
performance when selecting comparables.

Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt
The Corporation issues structured liabilities that have coupons or 
repayment  terms  linked  to  the  performance  of  debt  or  equity 
securities, indices, currencies or commodities. The fair values of 
these  structured  liabilities  are  estimated  using  quantitative 
models for the combined derivative and debt portions of the notes. 
These  models  incorporate  observable  and,  in  some  instances, 
unobservable inputs including security prices, interest rate yield 
curves, option volatility, currency, commodity or equity rates and 
correlations among these inputs. The Corporation also considers 
the impact of its own credit spread in determining the discount 
rate used to value these liabilities. The credit spread is determined 
by reference to observable spreads in the secondary bond market.

Securities Financing Agreements
The  fair  values  of  certain  reverse  repurchase  agreements, 
repurchase agreements and securities borrowed transactions are 
determined using quantitative models, including discounted cash 
flow models that require the use of multiple market inputs including 
interest rates and spreads to generate continuous yield or pricing 
curves, and volatility factors. The majority of market inputs are 
actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, 
including  brokers,  market  transactions  and  third-party  pricing 
services.

Deposits
The  fair  values  of  deposits  are  determined  using  quantitative 
models, including discounted cash flow models that require the 
use of multiple market inputs including interest rates and spreads 
to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, and volatility factors. 
The  majority  of  market  inputs  are  actively  quoted  and  can  be 
validated  through  external  sources,  including  brokers,  market 
transactions  and  third-party  pricing  services.  The  Corporation 
considers the impact of its own credit spread in the valuation of 
these  liabilities.  The  credit  risk  is  determined  by  reference  to 
observable credit spreads in the secondary cash market.

Asset-backed Secured Financings
The fair values of asset-backed secured financings are based on 
external  broker  bids,  where  available,  or  are  determined  by 
discounting  estimated  cash 
rates 
approximating  the  Corporation’s  current  origination  rates  for 
similar loans adjusted to reflect the inherent credit risk.

flows  using 

interest 

Derivative Assets and Liabilities
The fair values of derivative assets and liabilities traded in the 
OTC market are determined using quantitative models that utilize 
multiple market inputs including interest rates, prices and indices 
to generate continuous yield or pricing curves and volatility factors 
to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively 
quoted and can be validated through external sources, including 
brokers,  market  transactions  and  third-party  pricing  services. 
When  third-party  pricing  services  are  used,  the  methods  and 
assumptions are reviewed by the Corporation. Estimation risk is 
greater for derivative asset and liability positions that are either 
option-based  or  have  longer  maturity  dates  where  observable 
market inputs are less readily available, or are unobservable, in 
which  case,  quantitative-based  extrapolations  of  rate,  price  or 
index scenarios are used in determining fair values. The fair values 
of derivative assets and liabilities include adjustments for market 
liquidity, counterparty credit quality and other instrument-specific 
factors,  where  appropriate. 
the  Corporation 
incorporates within its fair value measurements of OTC derivatives 
a valuation adjustment to reflect the credit risk associated with 
the  net  position.  Positions  are  netted  by  counterparty,  and  fair 
value for net long exposures is adjusted for counterparty credit 
risk while the fair value for net short exposures is adjusted for the 
Corporation’s own credit risk. The Corporation also incorporates 
FVA within its fair value measurements to include funding costs 
on  uncollateralized  derivatives  and  derivatives  where  the 
Corporation is not permitted to use the collateral it receives. An 
estimate of severity of loss is also used in the determination of 
fair value, primarily based on market data.

In  addition, 

Loans and Loan Commitments
The  fair  values  of  loans  and  loan  commitments  are  based  on 
market prices, where available, or discounted cash flow analyses 
using  market-based  credit  spreads  of  comparable  debt 
instruments  or  credit  derivatives  of  the  specific  borrower  or 
comparable borrowers. Results of discounted cash flow analyses 
may be adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect other market conditions 
or the perceived credit risk of the borrower.

Mortgage Servicing Rights
The fair values of MSRs are primarily determined using an option-
adjusted  spread  (OAS)  valuation  approach,  which  factors  in 
prepayment risk to determine the fair value of MSRs. This approach 
consists of projecting servicing cash flows under multiple interest 
rate  scenarios  and  discounting  these  cash  flows  using  risk-
adjusted discount rates. 

Loans Held-for-sale
The fair values of LHFS are based on quoted market prices, where 
available, or are determined by discounting estimated cash flows 

190     Bank of America 2017

Recurring Fair Value 
Assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2017 and 2016, including financial instruments which 
the Corporation accounts for under the fair value option, are summarized in the following tables. 

(Dollars in millions)
Assets

Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under

agreements to resell

Trading account assets:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities (2, 3)
Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Equity securities (3)
Non-U.S. sovereign debt (3)
Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS:

U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed (2)
Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS

Total trading account assets (4)
Derivative assets (3, 5)
AFS debt securities:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Non-agency residential
Commercial

Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities
Tax-exempt securities
Total AFS debt securities
Other debt securities carried at fair value:

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Non-agency residential

Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities

Total other debt securities carried at fair value
Loans and leases
Mortgage servicing rights (6)
Loans held-for-sale
Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities

Interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under

$

$

agreements to repurchase

Trading account liabilities:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Equity securities (3)
Non-U.S. sovereign debt (3)
Corporate securities and other

Total trading account liabilities
Derivative liabilities (3, 5)
Short-term borrowings
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
Long-term debt

 

Fair Value Measurements

December 31, 2017

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting 

Adjustments (1)

Assets/Liabilities

at Fair Value

 

$

— $

 

 

$

— $

— $

 

52,906
 
1,922
28,714
23,958
15,839

20,586
8,174
99,193
341,178
 
1,608
 
192,929
6,804
2,669
13,684
5,880
5,261
20,106
248,941

5
2,764
1,297
229
4,295
5,139
—
1,466
789
753,907
 
449

36,182
 
734
3,885
7,382
6,901
18,902
334,261
1,494
945
29,923
422,156

 
—
1,864
235
556

—
1,498
4,153
4,067
 
—
 
—
—
—
—
25
509
469
1,003

—
—
—
—
—
571
2,302
690
123
12,909
 

—
 
—
—
—
24
24
5,781
—
8
1,863
7,676

 
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
(313,788)
 
—
 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

$

(313,788) $

 

— $

—
 
—
—
—
—
—
(311,771)
—
—
—

$

$

— $

 

52,906
 
40,642
30,578
84,940
22,940

20,586
9,672
209,358
37,762
 
53,523
 
192,929
6,804
2,669
13,684
6,677
5,770
20,575
302,631

5
2,764
9,488
229
12,486
5,710
2,302
2,156
20,279
645,590
 
449

36,182

18,000
36,904
19,358
6,925
81,187
34,300
1,494
22,840
31,786
208,238

 
38,720
—
60,747
6,545

—
—
106,012
6,305
 
51,915
 
—
—
—
—
772
—
—
52,687

—
—
8,191
—
8,191
—
—
—
19,367
192,562
 

$

— $

—
 
17,266
33,019
11,976
—
62,261
6,029
—
21,887
—
90,177

Total liabilities

Includes $21.3 billion of GSE obligations.

$
(1)  Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties.
(2) 
(3)  During 2017, for trading account assets and liabilities, $1.1 billion of U.S. Treasury and agency securities assets, $5.3 billion of equity securities assets, $3.1 billion of equity securities liabilities, 
$3.3 billion of non-U.S. sovereign debt assets and $1.5 billion of non-U.S. sovereign debt liabilities were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 based on the liquidity of the positions. In addition, $14.1 
billion of equity securities assets and $4.3 billion of equity securities liabilities were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1. Also in 2017, $4.2 billion of derivative assets and $3.0 billion of derivative 
liabilities were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 and $758 million of derivative assets and $608 million of derivative liabilities were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 based on the observability 
of inputs used to measure fair value. For further disaggregation of derivative assets and liabilities, see Note 2 – Derivatives.
Includes securities with a fair value of $16.8 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the parenthetical 
disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

(311,771) $

$

$

$

(4) 

(5)  Derivative assets and liabilities reflect the effects of contractual amendments by two central clearing counterparties to legally re-characterize daily cash variation margin from collateral, which secures 
an outstanding exposure, to settlement, which discharges an outstanding exposure. One of these central clearing counterparties amended its governing documents, which became effective in January 
2017. In addition, the Corporation elected to transfer its existing positions to the settlement platform for the other central clearing counterparty in September 2017.

(6)  MSRs include the $1.7 billion core MSR portfolio held in Consumer Banking, the $135 million non-core MSR portfolio held in All Other and the $510 million non-U.S. MSR portfolio held in Global 

Markets.

Bank of America 2017     191 

(Dollars in millions)
Assets

Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under

agreements to resell

Trading account assets:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities (2)
Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Equity securities
Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS:

U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed (2)
Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS

Total trading account assets (3)
Derivative assets (4)
AFS debt securities:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Non-agency residential
Commercial

Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities
Tax-exempt securities
Total AFS debt securities
Other debt securities carried at fair value:

Mortgage-backed securities:

Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations
Non-agency residential

Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities

Total other debt securities carried at fair value
Loans and leases
Mortgage servicing rights (5)
Loans held-for-sale
Debt securities in assets of business held for sale
Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities

Interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under

$

$

agreements to repurchase

Trading account liabilities:

U.S. Treasury and agency securities
Equity securities
Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Corporate securities and other

Total trading account liabilities
Derivative liabilities (4)
Short-term borrowings
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
Long-term debt

Fair Value Measurements

December 31, 2016

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting 

Adjustments (1)

Assets/Liabilities

at Fair Value

 

 

 

 

 

$

— $

49,750

$

— $

— $

49,750

34,587
171
50,169
9,578

—
—
94,505
7,337

46,787

—
—
—
—
1,934
—
—
48,721

1,927
22,861
21,601
9,940

15,799
8,797
80,925
619,848

1,465

189,486
8,330
2,013
12,322
3,600
10,020
16,618
243,854

—
—
15,109
—
15,109
—
—
—
619
11,824
178,115

$

— $

—

5
3,114
1,227
240
4,586
6,365
—
3,370
—
1,739
1,010,437

731

35,407

$

$

15,854
25,884
9,409
163
51,310
7,173
—
12,978
—
71,461

197
3,014
2,103
6,380
11,694
615,896
2,024
1,643
28,523
695,918

—
2,777
281
510

—
1,211
4,779
3,931

—

—
—
—
—
229
594
542
1,365

—
25
—
—
25
720
2,747
656
—
239
14,462

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
(588,604)

—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

$

(588,604) $

— $

359

—
—
—
27
27
5,244
—
9
1,514
7,153

— $

—

—
—
—
—
—
(588,833)
—
—
—

(588,833) $

36,514
25,809
72,051
20,028

15,799
10,008
180,209
42,512

48,252

189,486
8,330
2,013
12,322
5,763
10,614
17,160
293,940

5
3,139
16,336
240
19,720
7,085
2,747
4,026
619
13,802
614,410

731

35,766

16,051
28,898
11,512
6,570
63,031
39,480
2,024
14,630
30,037
185,699

Total liabilities

$
(1)  Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties.
(2) 

$

$

$

Includes $17.5 billion of GSE obligations.
Includes securities with a fair value of $14.6 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the parenthetical 
disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

(3) 

(4)  During 2016, $2.3 billion of derivative assets and $2.4 billion of derivative liabilities were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 and $2.0 billion of derivative assets and $1.8 billion of derivative 
liabilities were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 based on the observability of inputs used to measure fair value. For further disaggregation of derivative assets and liabilities, see Note 2 – Derivatives.
(5)  MSRs include the $2.1 billion core MSR portfolio held in Consumer Banking, the $212 million non-core MSR portfolio held in All Other and the $469 million non-U.S. MSR portfolio held in Global 

Markets. 

192     Bank of America 2017

The following tables present a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant 
unobservable inputs (Level 3) during 2017, 2016 and 2015, including net realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings 
and accumulated OCI.

Level 3 – Fair Value Measurements in 2017 (1)

Total 

Realized/
Unrealized 

Gains/

(Losses) (2)

Gains/
(Losses)
in OCI (3)

Balance
January 1

2017

Gross

Purchases

Sales

Issuances

Settlements

Level 3 

Gross

Gross

Transfers

Transfers

Balance

into

out of
Level 3 

December 31

2017

Change in 
Unrealized 

Gains/
(Losses) 
Related to 
Financial 

Instruments 
Still Held (2)

(Dollars in millions)
Trading account assets:

Corporate securities, trading loans and other $ 2,777 $
Equity securities
Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS

Total trading account assets
Net derivative assets (4)
AFS debt securities:
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities
Tax-exempt securities

Total AFS debt securities
Other debt securities carried at fair value –

Non-agency residential MBS

Loans and leases (5, 6)
Mortgage servicing rights (6, 7)
Loans held-for-sale (5)
Other assets
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned 

or sold under agreements to repurchase (5)

Trading account liabilities – Corporate

securities and other

 

 

 

 

229 $ — $

547 $ (702) $

281
510
1,211
4,779
(1,313)
 
229
594
542
1,365

25
720
2,747
656
239

18
74
165
486
(984)
 
2
4
1
7

(1)
15
70
100
74

—
(8)
(2)
(10)
—
 
16
8
3
27

—
—
—
(3)
(57)

(359)

(5)

—

(70)
55
(59)
53
1,210
(990)
1,865 (1,821)
(979)
 
—
—
(70)
(70)

664
 
49
5
14
68

5 $
—
—
—
5
—
 
—
—
—
—

—
3
—
3
2

—

(21)
(34)
(25)
(189)
(189)

—
—
258
—
—

—

(12)

 

 

728 $(1,054) $
146
72
218
1,164
48
 
—
34
35
69

(185)
(13)
(81)
(1,333)
(99)
 
—
(94)
(45)
(139)

—
—
—
501
64

—
(7)
—
(32)
—

 

1,864 $

235
556
1,498
4,153
(1,714)
 
25
509
469
1,003

—
571
2,302
690
123

2
(1)
70
72
143
(409)

—
—
—
—

—
11
(248)
14
22

(58)

263

—

—

—
—
(711)

—
—
218

(24)
(8)
(1,863)

2
—
(196)

(666) $

(10)
(73)
(233)
(982)
949
 
(271)
(42)
(11)
(324)

(3)
(126)
(748)
(346)
(10)

171

—
1
514

Accrued expenses and other liabilities (5)
Long-term debt (5)
(1)  Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.
(2) 

(27)
(9)
(1,514)

14
—
(135)

—
—
(31)

8
—
84

(17)
—
—

(2)
—
(288)

Includes gains/losses reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - primarily trading account profits; Net derivative assets - primarily trading 
account profits and mortgage banking income; MSRs - primarily mortgage banking income; Long-term debt - primarily trading account profits. For MSRs, the amounts reflect the changes in modeled 
MSR fair value due to observed changes in interest rates, volatility, spreads and the shape of the forward swap curve, and periodic adjustments to the valuation model to reflect changes in the 
modeled relationships between inputs and projected cash flows, as well as changes in cash flow assumptions including cost to service.
Includes unrealized gains/losses in OCI on AFS securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for 
under the fair value option. For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

(3) 

(4)  Net derivatives include derivative assets of $4.1 billion and derivative liabilities of $5.8 billion.
(5)  Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.
(6) 
(7)  Settlements represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time. 

Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.

Significant transfers into Level 3, primarily due to decreased 
price observability, during 2017 included $1.2 billion of trading 
account assets, $501 million of LHFS and $711 million of long-
term debt. Transfers occur on a regular basis for long-term debt 
instruments due to changes in the impact of unobservable inputs 
on  the  value  of  the  embedded  derivative  in  relation  to  the 
instrument as a whole.

Significant transfers out of Level 3, primarily due to increased 
price observability, during 2017 included $1.3 billion of trading 
account assets, $139 million of AFS debt securities, $263 million
of federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under 
agreements to repurchase and $218 million of long-term debt.

Bank of America 2017     193 

Level 3 – Fair Value Measurements in 2016 (1)

Balance
January 1

2016

Total 

Realized/
Unrealized 

Gains/

(Losses) (2)

Gains/
(Losses)
in OCI (3)

 

 

 

Gross

Gross

Transfers

into

Purchases

Sales

Issuances Settlements

Level 3 

 

Gross

Transfers
out of 
Level 3 

Balance

December 31

2016

 

 

Change in 
Unrealized 

Gains/
(Losses) 
Related to 
Financial 

Instruments 
Still Held (2)

$ 2,838 $

407
521

1,868
5,634
(441)
 
106
—
757
569
1,432

30
1,620
3,087
787
374

78 $
74
122

188
462
285
 
—
—
4
—
4

(5)
(44)
149
79
(13)

(2)
91
—
 
—
(6)
(2)
(1)
(9)

—
—
—
50
—

2 $ 1,508 $ (847) $
—
91

(169)
(146)

73
12

988 (1,491)
2,581 (2,653)
470 (1,155)

— (106)
(92)
—
—
(198)

584
—
1
585

—
(553)
(80)
(256)
(111)

—
69
—
22
38

—

— $
—
—

—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—

—
50
411
—
—

(725) $

728 $ (805) $

2,777 $

(82)
(90)

(344)
(1,241)
76
 
—
(263)
(83)
(2)
(348)

—
(194)
(820)
(93)
(52)

70
—

158
956
(186)
 
—
6
—
10
16

—
6
—
173
3

(92)
—

(154)
(1,051)
(362)
 
—
—
(82)
(35)
(117)

—
(234)
—
(106)
—

281
510

1,211
4,779
(1,313)
 
—
229
594
542
1,365

25
720
2,747
656
239

(82)
(59)
120

64
43
(376)

—
—
—
—
—

—
17
(107)
70
(36)

(Dollars in millions)
Trading account assets:

Corporate securities, trading loans and

other

Equity securities
Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other

MBS

Total trading account assets
Net derivative assets (4)
AFS debt securities:

Non-agency residential MBS
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities
Tax-exempt securities

Total AFS debt securities
Other debt securities carried at fair value –

Non-agency residential MBS

Loans and leases (5, 6)
Mortgage servicing rights (6, 7)
Loans held-for-sale (5)
Other assets
Federal funds purchased and securities 

loaned or sold under agreements to 
repurchase (5)

Trading account liabilities – Corporate

(335)

(11)

—

—

(22)

27

(19)

1

(359)

4

securities and other

(11)
Short-term borrowings (5)
—
—
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (5)
—
Long-term debt (5)
(1)  Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.
(2) 

(21)
(30)
(9)
(1,513)

—
—
—
140

—
—
—
(20)

5
1
—
(74)

—
—
—
(521)

—
29
—
948

—
—
—
(939)

—
—
—
465

(27)
—
(9)
(1,514)

4
—
—
(184)

Includes gains/losses reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - trading account profits; Net derivative assets - primarily trading account 
profits and mortgage banking income; MSRs - primarily mortgage banking income; Long-term debt - primarily trading account profits. For MSRs, the amounts reflect the changes in modeled MSR fair 
value due principally to observed changes in interest rates, volatility, spreads and the shape of the forward swap curve.
Includes unrealized gains/losses in OCI on AFS securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for 
under the fair value option. For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

(3) 

(4)  Net derivatives include derivative assets of $3.9 billion and derivative liabilities of $5.2 billion.
(5)  Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.
(6) 
(7)  Settlements represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time. 

Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.

Significant transfers into Level 3, primarily due to decreased 
price observability, during 2016 included $956 million of trading 
account assets, $186 million of net derivative assets, $173 million 
of LHFS and $939 million of long-term debt. Transfers occur on a 
regular basis for long-term debt instruments due to changes in the 
impact  of  unobservable  inputs  on  the  value  of  the  embedded 
derivative in relation to the instrument as a whole. 

Significant transfers out of Level 3, primarily due to increased 
price observability, during 2016 included $1.1 billion of trading 
account assets, $362 million of net derivative assets, $117 million
of AFS debt securities, $234 million of loans and leases, $106 
million of LHFS and $465 million of long-term debt.

194     Bank of America 2017

(123)
3
74

(93)
(139)
605

—
—
—
—
—

—
13
(85)
(39)
(61)

—

(3)
1
1
255

Level 3 – Fair Value Measurements in 2015 (1)

(Dollars in millions)
Trading account assets:

Balance
January 1

2015

Total 

Realized/
Unrealized 

Gains/

(Losses) (2)

Gains/
(Losses)
in OCI (3)

 

 

 

Gross

Gross

Transfers

into

Purchases

Sales

Issuances Settlements

Level 3 

 

Gross

Transfers
out of 
Level 3 

Balance

December 31

2015

 

 

Change in 
Unrealized 

Gains/
(Losses) 
Related to 
Financial 

Instruments 
Still Held (2)

Corporate securities, trading loans and

other

$ 3,270 $

(31) $

Equity securities
Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other

MBS

Total trading account assets
Net derivative assets (4)
AFS debt securities:

Non-agency residential MBS
Non-U.S. securities
Other taxable securities
Tax-exempt securities

Total AFS debt securities
Other debt securities carried at fair value

– Non-agency residential MBS

Loans and leases (5, 6)
Mortgage servicing rights (6, 7)
Loans held-for-sale (5)
Other assets
Federal funds purchased and securities 

loaned or sold under agreements to 
repurchase (5)

Trading account liabilities – Corporate

352
574

2,063
6,259
(920)
 
279
10
1,667
599
2,555

—
1,983
3,530
173
911

9
114

154
246
1,335
 
(12)
—
—
—
(12)

(3)
(23)
187
(51)
(55)

(11) $ 1,540 $ (1,616) $
—
(179)

49
185

(11)
(1)

— $ (1,122) $ 1,570 $
—
—

(11)
(145)

41
—

1
(189)
(7)
 
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
(8)
—

1,250
3,024
273

(1,117)
(2,745)
(863)

134
—
189
—
323

33
—
—
771
11

—
—
—
—
—

—
(4)
(393)
(203)
(130)

—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—

—
57
637
61
—

(493)
(1,771)
(261)
 
(425)
(10)
(160)
(30)
(625)

—
(237)
(874)
(61)
(51)

50
1,661
(40)
 
167
—
—
—
167

—
144
—
203
10

(762) $

2,838 $

(22)
(27)

(40)
(851)
42
 
(37)
—
(939)
—
(976)

—
(300)
—
(98)
(322)

407
521

1,868
5,634
(441)
 
106
—
757
569
1,432

30
1,620
3,087
787
374

—

(11)

—

—

—

(131)

217

(411)

1

(335)

securities and other

(34)
Short-term borrowings (5)
—
—
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (5)
—
Long-term debt (5)
(1)  Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.
(2) 

(36)
—
(10)
(2,362)

30
—
—
616

19
17
1
287

—
—
—
19

—
(52)
—
(188)

—
10
—
273

—
(24)
—
(1,592)

—
19
—
1,434

(21)
(30)
(9)
(1,513)

Includes gains/losses reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - trading account profits; Net derivative assets - primarily trading account 
profits and mortgage banking income; MSRs - primarily mortgage banking income; Long-term debt - primarily trading account profits. For MSRs, the amounts reflect the changes in modeled MSR fair 
value due principally to observed changes in interest rates, volatility, spreads and the shape of the forward swap curve.    
Includes unrealized gains/losses in OCI on AFS securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for 
under the fair value option. For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

(3) 

(4)  Net derivatives include derivative assets of $5.1 billion and derivative liabilities of $5.6 billion.
(5)  Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.
(6) 
(7)  Settlements represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time. 

Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.

Significant transfers into Level 3, primarily due to decreased 
price observability, during 2015 included $1.7 billion of trading 
account assets, $167 million of AFS debt securities, $144 million 
of loans and leases, $203 million of LHFS, $411 million of federal 
funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements 
to repurchase and $1.6 billion of long-term debt. Transfers occur 
on a regular basis for these long-term debt instruments due to 
changes in the impact of unobservable inputs on the value of the 
embedded derivative in relation to the instrument as a whole.

Significant transfers out of Level 3, primarily due to increased 
price observability, unless otherwise noted, during 2015 included 
$851 million of trading account assets, as a result of increased 
market liquidity, $976 million of AFS debt securities, $300 million
of loans and leases, $322 million of other assets and $1.4 billion
of long-term debt.

Bank of America 2017     195 

The following tables present information about significant unobservable inputs related to the Corporation’s material categories of 

Level 3 financial assets and liabilities at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2017

(Dollars in millions)

Inputs

Fair 
Value

Valuation 
Technique

Significant Unobservable 

Inputs

Ranges of 

Inputs

Weighted
Average

Financial Instrument

Loans and Securities (1)

Instruments backed by residential real estate assets

Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS
Loans and leases
Loans held-for-sale

Instruments backed by commercial real estate assets

Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS

Commercial loans, debt securities and other

Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS
AFS debt securities – Other taxable securities
Loans and leases
Loans held-for-sale
Auction rate securities

Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other
AFS debt securities – Other taxable securities
AFS debt securities – Tax-exempt securities

MSRs

Structured liabilities

Long-term debt

Net derivative assets
Credit derivatives

Equity derivatives

Commodity derivatives

Interest rate derivatives

Yield
Prepayment speed
Default rate
Loss severity
Yield
Price

Yield

Prepayment speed
Default rate
Loss severity
Price

0% to 25%
0% to 22% CPR
0% to 3% CDR
0% to 53%
0% to 25%
$0 to $100

0% to 12%

10% to 20%
3% to 4%
35% to 40%
$0 to $145

6%
12%
1%
17%
9%
$67

5%

16%
4%
37%
$63

Price

$10 to $100

$94

$

$

$

$

$

871
298
570
3
286
244
42
4,023

1,613
556
1,158
8
1
687
977
7
501
469
2,302

Discounted cash

flow

Discounted cash

flow

Discounted cash

flow, Market
comparables

Discounted cash

flow, Market
comparables

Discounted cash

flow

Weighted-average life, fixed rate (4)
Weighted-average life, variable rate (4)
Option Adjusted Spread, fixed rate

Option Adjusted Spread, variable rate

$ (1,863)

Discounted cash 

Equity correlation

flow, Market 
comparables, 

Industry standard 
derivative pricing (2)

Long-dated equity volatilities
Yield
Price

$

(282)

Discounted cash
flow, Stochastic

recovery correlation

model

$ (2,059)

Industry standard 
derivative pricing (2)

$

$

(3)

Discounted cash 

flow, Industry 

standard derivative 

pricing (2)

630

Industry standard 
derivative pricing (3)

Yield
Upfront points
Credit correlation
Prepayment speed
Default rate
Loss severity
Price
Equity correlation
Long-dated equity volatilities
Natural gas forward price

Correlation
Volatilities
Correlation (IR/IR)
Correlation (FX/IR)
Long-dated inflation rates
Long-dated inflation volatilities

0 to 14 years
0 to 10 years
9% to 14%

9% to 15%

15% to 100%

4% to 84%
7.5%
$0 to $100

5 years
3 years
10%

12%

63%

22%
n/a
$66

1% to 5%
0 points to 100 points
35% to 83%
15% to 20% CPR
1% to 4% CDR
35%
$0 to $102
15% to 100%
4% to 84%
$1/MMBtu to $5/MMBtu

3%
71 points
42%
16%
2%
n/a
$82
63%
22%
$3/MMBtu

71% to 87%
26% to 132%
15% to 92%
0% to 46%
-14% to 38%
0% to 1%

81%
57%
50%
1%
4%
1%

Total net derivative assets

$ (1,714)

(1)  The categories are aggregated based upon product type which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 191: Trading 
account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $1.9 billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $556 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, 
ABS and other MBS of $1.5 billion, AFS debt securities – Other taxable securities of $509 million, AFS debt securities – Tax-exempt securities of $469 million, Loans and leases of $571 million and 
LHFS of $690 million.
Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes.
Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates.

(2) 

(3) 
(4)  The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions.
CPR = Constant Prepayment Rate
CDR = Constant Default Rate
MMBtu = Million British thermal units
IR = Interest Rate
FX = Foreign Exchange
n/a = not applicable

196     Bank of America 2017

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2016

(Dollars in millions)

Inputs

Financial Instrument

Loans and Securities (1)

Instruments backed by residential real estate assets

Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS
Loans and leases
Loans held-for-sale

Instruments backed by commercial real estate assets

Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS
Loans held-for-sale

Commercial loans, debt securities and other

Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other
Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS
AFS debt securities – Other taxable securities
Loans and leases
Loans held-for-sale
Auction rate securities

Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other
AFS debt securities – Other taxable securities
AFS debt securities – Tax-exempt securities

MSRs

Structured liabilities

Long-term debt

Net derivative assets
Credit derivatives

Equity derivatives

Commodity derivatives

Fair
Value

Valuation
Technique

Significant Unobservable

Inputs

Ranges of

Inputs

Weighted
Average

$

$

$

$

$

1,066
337
718
11
317
178
53
86
4,486

2,565
510
821
29
2
559
1,141

34
565
542
2,747

Discounted cash

flow, Market
comparables

Discounted cash

flow, Market
comparables

Discounted cash

flow, Market
comparables

Discounted cash

flow, Market
comparables

Discounted cash

flow

Yield
Prepayment speed
Default rate
Loss severity
Yield
Price

Yield

Prepayment speed
Default rate
Loss severity
Price
Duration
Enterprise value/EBITDA multiple
Price

Weighted-average life, fixed rate (4)
Weighted-average life, variable rate (4)
Option Adjusted Spread, fixed rate
Option Adjusted Spread, variable rate

$ (1,514)

Discounted cash 

flow, Market 
comparables, 

Industry standard 
derivative pricing (2)

$

(129)

Discounted cash
flow, Stochastic

recovery correlation

model

$ (1,690)

$

6

Industry standard 
derivative pricing (2)

Discounted cash 

flow, Industry 

standard derivative 

pricing (2)

Equity correlation
Long-dated equity volatilities
Yield
Price
Duration

Yield
Upfront points
Credit spreads
Credit correlation
Prepayment speed
Default rate
Loss severity
Equity correlation
Long-dated equity volatilities
Natural gas forward price
Correlation
Volatilities

0% to 50%
0% to 27% CPR
0% to 3% CDR
0% to 54%
0% to 39%
$0 to $100

1% to 37%
5% to 20%

3% to 4%
0% to 50%
$0 to $292
0 to 5 years
34x
$10 to $100

0 to 15 years
0 to 14 years
9% to 14%
9% to 15%

13% to 100%
4% to 76%
6% to 37%
$12 to $87
0 to 5 years

7%
14%
2%
18%
11%
$65

14%
19%

4%
19%
$68
3 years
n/a
$94

6 years
4 years
10%
12%

68%
26%
20%
$73
3 years

0% to 24%
0 to 100 points
17 bps to 814 bps
21% to 80%
10% to 20% CPR
1% to 4% CDR
35%
13% to 100%
4% to 76%
$2/MMBtu to $6/MMBtu
66% to 95%
23% to 96%

13%
72 points
248 bps
44%
18%
3%
n/a
68%
26%
$4/MMBtu
85%
36%

Interest rate derivatives

$

500

Industry standard 
derivative pricing (3)

Correlation (IR/IR)
Correlation (FX/IR)
Illiquid IR and long-dated inflation 

rates

Long-dated inflation volatilities

15% to 99%
0% to 40%

-12% to 35%
0% to 2%

56%
2%

5%
1%

Total net derivative assets

$ (1,313)

(1)  The categories are aggregated based upon product type which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 192: Trading 
account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $2.8 billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $510 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, 
ABS and other MBS of $1.2 billion, AFS debt securities – Other taxable securities of $594 million, AFS debt securities – Tax-exempt securities of $542 million, Loans and leases of $720 million and 
LHFS of $656 million.
Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes.
Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates.

(2) 

(3) 
(4)  The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions.
CPR = Constant Prepayment Rate
CDR = Constant Default Rate
EBITDA = Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
MMBtu = Million British thermal units
IR = Interest Rate
FX = Foreign Exchange
n/a = not applicable

Bank of America 2017     197 

In the previous tables, instruments backed by residential and 
commercial real estate assets include RMBS, commercial MBS, 
whole  loans  and  mortgage  CDOs.  Commercial  loans,  debt 
securities  and  other  include  corporate  CLOs  and  CDOs, 
commercial loans and bonds, and securities backed by non-real 
estate assets. Structured liabilities primarily include equity-linked 
notes that are accounted for under the fair value option.

The Corporation uses multiple market approaches in valuing 
certain of its Level 3 financial instruments. For example, market 
comparables and discounted cash flows are used together. For a 
given  product,  such  as  corporate  debt  securities,  market 
comparables may be used to estimate some of the unobservable 
inputs and then these inputs are incorporated into a discounted 
cash flow model. Therefore, the balances disclosed encompass 
both of these techniques.

The  level  of  aggregation  and  diversity  within  the  products 
disclosed in the tables results in certain ranges of inputs being 
wide and unevenly distributed across asset and liability categories. 

Sensitivity of Fair Value Measurements to Changes in 
Unobservable Inputs

Loans and Securities
A  significant  increase  in  market  yields,  default  rates,  loss 
severities or duration would result in a significantly lower fair value 
for  long  positions.  Short  positions  would  be  impacted  in  a 
directionally opposite way. The impact of changes in prepayment 
speeds would have differing impacts depending on the seniority 
of the instrument and, in the case of CLOs, whether prepayments 
can be reinvested. A significant increase in price would result in 
a  significantly  higher  fair  value  for  long  positions,  and  short 
positions would be impacted in a directionally opposite way. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights
The weighted-average lives and fair value of MSRs are sensitive 
to changes in modeled assumptions. The weighted-average life is 
a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates 
and other model and cash flow assumptions. The weighted-average 
life represents the average period of time that the MSRs’ cash 
flows  are  expected  to  be  received.  Absent  other  changes,  an 
increase (decrease) to the weighted-average life would generally 
result in an increase (decrease) in the fair value of the MSRs. For 
example, a 10 percent or 20 percent decrease in prepayment rates, 
which impacts the weighted-average life, could result in an increase 
in fair value of $83 million or $172 million, while a 10 percent or 
20 percent increase in prepayment rates could result in a decrease 
in fair value of $76 million or $147 million. A 100 bp or 200 bp 
decrease in OAS levels could result in an increase in fair value of 
$69 million or $143 million, while a 100 bp or 200 bp increase 
in OAS levels could result in a decrease in fair value of $65 million 

or $125 million. These sensitivities are hypothetical and actual 
amounts may vary materially. As the amounts indicate, changes 
in fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot 
be  extrapolated  because  the  relationship  of  the  change  in 
assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, the 
effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of 
MSRs that continue to be held by the Corporation is calculated 
without changing any other assumption. In reality, changes in one 
factor may result in changes in another, which might magnify or 
counteract the sensitivities. In addition, these sensitivities do not 
reflect any hedge strategies that may be undertaken to mitigate 
such  risk.  The  Corporation  manages  the  risk  in  MSRs  with 
derivatives such as options and interest rate swaps, which are not 
designated as accounting hedges, as well as securities including 
MBS and U.S. Treasury securities. The securities used to manage 
the  risk  in  the  MSRs  are  classified  in  other  assets  on  the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Structured Liabilities and Derivatives
For credit derivatives, a significant increase in market yield, upfront 
points (i.e., a single upfront payment made by a protection buyer 
at inception), credit spreads, default rates or loss severities would 
result in a significantly lower fair value for protection sellers and 
higher fair value for protection buyers. The impact of changes in 
prepayment speeds would have differing impacts depending on 
the seniority of the instrument.

Structured credit derivatives are impacted by credit correlation. 
Default correlation is a parameter that describes the degree of 
dependence among credit default rates within a credit portfolio 
that underlies a credit derivative instrument. The sensitivity of this 
input  on  the  fair  value  varies  depending  on  the  level  of 
subordination  of  the  tranche.  For  senior  tranches  that  are  net 
purchases  of  protection,  a  significant  increase  in  default 
correlation  would  result  in  a  significantly  higher  fair  value.  Net 
short  protection  positions  would  be  impacted  in  a  directionally 
opposite way. 

For  equity  derivatives,  commodity  derivatives,  interest  rate 
derivatives and structured liabilities, a significant change in long-
dated rates and volatilities and correlation inputs (i.e., the degree 
of correlation between an equity security and an index, between 
two different commodities, between two different interest rates, 
or between interest rates and foreign exchange rates) would result 
in a significant impact to the fair value; however, the magnitude 
and direction of the impact depend on whether the Corporation is 
long or short the exposure. For structured liabilities, a significant 
increase in yield or decrease in price would result in a significantly 
lower fair value. A significant decrease in duration may result in a 
significantly higher fair value.

198     Bank of America 2017

Nonrecurring Fair Value 
The Corporation holds certain assets that are measured at fair value, but only in certain situations (e.g., impairment) and these 
measurements are referred to herein as nonrecurring. The amounts below represent assets still held as of the reporting date for which 
a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

(Dollars in millions)
Assets

Loans held-for-sale
Loans and leases (1)
Foreclosed properties (2, 3)
Other assets

Assets

December 31, 2017

Level 2

Level 3

December 31, 2016

Level 2

Level 3

$

 

— $
—
—
425

$

 
2
894
83
—

$

193
—
—
358

 
44
1,416
77
—

Gains (Losses)

2017

2016

2015

 

 

 
(8)
(993)
(57)
(28)

Loans held-for-sale
Loans and leases (1)
Foreclosed properties
Other assets
Includes $135 million of losses on loans that were written down to a collateral value of zero during 2017 compared to losses of $150 million and $174 million for 2016 and 2015.

(1) 
(2)  Amounts are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and represent the carrying value of foreclosed properties that were written down subsequent to their initial classification 

(458)
(41)
(74)

(336)
(41)
(124)

(54) $

(6) $

$

as foreclosed properties. Losses on foreclosed properties include losses recorded during the first 90 days after transfer of a loan to foreclosed properties.

(3)  Excludes $801 million and $1.2 billion of properties acquired upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans) at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The table below presents information about significant unobservable inputs related to the Corporation’s nonrecurring Level 3 financial 
assets and liabilities at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Loans and leases backed by residential real estate assets represent residential 
mortgages where the loan has been written down to the fair value of the underlying collateral.

Quantitative Information about Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements

(Dollars in millions)

Financial Instrument

Fair Value

Valuation 
Technique

Loans and leases backed by residential real estate assets $

894

Market comparables

Loans and leases backed by residential real estate assets $

1,416

Market comparables

Significant 

Unobservable 

Inputs

December 31, 2017
OREO discount
Costs to sell

December 31, 2016
OREO discount
Costs to sell

Inputs

Ranges of 

Inputs

15% to 58%
5% to 49%

8% to 56%
7% to 45%

Weighted Average

23%
7%

21%
9%

NOTE 21 Fair Value Option

Loans and Loan Commitments
The  Corporation  elects  to  account  for  certain  consumer  and 
commercial  loans  and  loan  commitments  that  exceed  the 
Corporation’s  single-name  credit  risk  concentration  guidelines 
under the fair value option. Lending commitments, both funded 
and  unfunded,  are  actively  managed  and  monitored  and,  as 
appropriate,  credit  risk  for  these  lending  relationships  may  be 
mitigated  through  the  use  of  credit  derivatives,  with  the 
Corporation’s  public  side  credit  view  and  market  perspectives 
determining the size and timing of the hedging activity. These credit 
derivatives  do  not  meet  the  requirements  for  designation  as 
accounting  hedges  and  therefore  are  carried  at  fair  value  with 
changes in fair value recorded in other income. Electing the fair 
value option allows the Corporation to carry these loans and loan 
commitments  at  fair  value,  which  is  more  consistent  with 
management’s view of the underlying economics and the manner 
in which they are managed. In addition, election of the fair value 
option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility 
that  would  otherwise  result  from  the  asymmetry  created  by 
accounting for the financial instruments at historical cost and the 

credit derivatives at fair value. The Corporation also elected the 
fair value option for certain loans held in consolidated VIEs.

Loans Held-for-sale
The Corporation elects to account for residential mortgage LHFS, 
commercial mortgage LHFS and certain other LHFS under the fair 
value option with interest income on these LHFS recorded in other 
interest income. These loans are actively managed and monitored 
and,  as  appropriate,  certain  market  risks  of  the  loans  may  be 
mitigated  through  the  use  of  derivatives.  The  Corporation  has 
elected not to designate the derivatives as qualifying accounting 
hedges and therefore they are carried at fair value with changes 
in fair value recorded in other income. The changes in fair value 
of the loans are largely offset by changes in the fair value of the 
derivatives. Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation 
to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from 
the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments 
at the lower of cost or fair value and the derivatives at fair value. 
The Corporation has not elected to account for certain other LHFS 
under  the  fair  value  option  primarily  because  these  loans  are 
floating-rate 
loans  that  are  not  hedged  using  derivative 
instruments. 

Bank of America 2017     199 

Loans Reported as Trading Account Assets
The Corporation elects to account for certain loans that are held 
for the purpose of trading and are risk-managed on a fair value 
basis under the fair value option.

Other Assets
The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate 
margin loans that are hedged with derivatives under the fair value 
option. Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation to 
reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from 
the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments 
at historical cost and the derivatives at fair value.

Securities Financing Agreements
The Corporation elects to account for certain securities financing 
agreements, including resale and repurchase agreements, under 
the fair value option based on the tenor of the agreements, which 
reflects the magnitude of the interest rate risk. The majority of 
securities financing agreements collateralized by U.S. government 
securities are not accounted for under the fair value option as 
these  contracts  are  generally  short-dated  and  therefore  the 
interest rate risk is not significant.

Long-term Deposits
The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate 
and rate-linked deposits that are hedged with derivatives that do 
not  qualify  for  hedge  accounting  under  the  fair  value  option. 
Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce 
the  accounting  volatility  that  would  otherwise  result  from  the 
asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments at 

Fair Value Option Elections

historical cost and the derivatives at fair value. The Corporation 
has  not  elected  to  carry  other  long-term  deposits  at  fair  value 
because they are not hedged using derivatives.

Short-term Borrowings
The  Corporation  elects  to  account  for  certain  short-term 
borrowings,  primarily  short-term  structured  liabilities,  under  the 
fair value option because this debt is risk-managed on a fair value 
basis.

The  Corporation  elects  to  account  for  certain  asset-backed 
secured  financings,  which  are  also  classified  in  short-term 
borrowings, under the fair value option. Election of the fair value 
option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility 
that  would  otherwise  result  from  the  asymmetry  created  by 
accounting for the asset-backed secured financings at historical 
cost  and  the  corresponding  mortgage  LHFS  securing  these 
financings at fair value.

Long-term Debt
The  Corporation  elects  to  account  for  certain  long-term  debt, 
primarily structured liabilities, under the fair value option. This long-
term debt is either risk-managed on a fair value basis or the related 
hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting.

Fair Value Option Elections
The table below provides information about the fair value carrying 
amount and the contractual principal outstanding of assets and 
liabilities accounted for under the fair value option at December 
31, 2017 and 2016.

(Dollars in millions)
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under

agreements to resell

$

Loans reported as trading account assets (1)
Trading inventory – other
Consumer and commercial loans
Loans held-for-sale
Customer receivables and other assets
Long-term deposits
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under

Fair Value
Carrying
Amount

Contractual

Principal

Outstanding

Fair Value
Carrying

Amount Less

Unpaid
Principal

Fair Value
Carrying
Amount

Contractual

Principal

Outstanding

Fair Value
Carrying

Amount Less

Unpaid
Principal

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

$

52,906
5,735
12,027
5,710
2,156
3
449

52,907
11,804
n/a
5,744
3,717
n/a
421

$

(1) $

(6,069)
n/a
(34)
(1,561)
n/a
28

$

49,750
6,215
8,206
7,085
4,026
253
731

$

49,615
11,557
n/a
7,190
5,595
250
672

135
(5,342)
n/a
(105)
(1,569)
3
59

agreements to repurchase

(163)
—
Short-term borrowings
n/a
Unfunded loan commitments
175
Long-term debt (2)
(1)  A significant portion of the loans reported as trading account assets are distressed loans that trade and were purchased at a deep discount to par, and the remainder are loans with a fair value near 

35,766
2,024
173
30,037

35,929
2,024
n/a
29,862

36,182
1,494
120
31,786

36,187
1,494
n/a
31,512

(5)
—
n/a
274

contractual principal outstanding.
Includes structured liabilities with a fair value of $31.4 billion and $29.7 billion, and contractual principal outstanding of $31.1 billion and $29.5 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(2) 
n/a = not applicable

200     Bank of America 2017

The following tables provide information about where changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair 

value option are included in the Consolidated Statement of Income for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Gains (Losses) Relating to Assets and Liabilities Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option

(Dollars in millions)
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Loans reported as trading account assets
Trading inventory – other (1)
Consumer and commercial loans
Loans held-for-sale (2)
Unfunded loan commitments
Long-term debt (3, 4)
Other (5)
Total

Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Loans reported as trading account assets
Trading inventory – other (1)
Consumer and commercial loans
Loans held-for-sale (2)
Unfunded loan commitments
Long-term debt (3, 4)
Other (5)
Total

Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
Loans reported as trading account assets
Trading inventory – other (1)
Consumer and commercial loans
Loans held-for-sale (2)
Unfunded loan commitments
Long-term debt (3, 4)
Other (5)
Total

Trading 
Account 
Profits                                           

Mortgage
Banking
Income

Other 
Income

Total

$

$

$

$

$

$

(57) $
318
3,821
(9)
—
—
(1,044)
(36)
2,993

$

(64) $
301
57
49
11
—
(489)
(21)

(156) $

(195) $
(199)
1,284
52
(36)
—
2,107
37
3,050

$

2017
— $
—
—
—
211
—
—
—
211

$

2016
— $
—
—
—
518
—
—
—
518

$

2015
— $
—
—
—
673
—
—
—
673

$

— $
—
—
35
87
36
(146)
13
25

$

1
—
—
(37)
6
487
(97)
52
412

$

$

— $
—
—
(295)
63
(210)
(633)
23

(1,052) $

(57)
318
3,821
26
298
36
(1,190)
(23)
3,229

(63)
301
57
12
535
487
(586)
31
774

(195)
(199)
1,284
(243)
700
(210)
1,474
60
2,671

(1)   The gains in trading account profits are primarily offset by losses on trading liabilities that hedge these assets.
(2)  Includes the value of IRLCs on funded loans, including those sold during the period.
(3)  The majority of the net gains (losses) in trading account profits relate to the embedded derivative in structured liabilities and are offset by gains (losses) on derivatives and securities that hedge 

these liabilities. 

(4)  For the cumulative impact of changes in the Corporation’s own credit spreads and the amount recognized in OCI, see Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). For more information 

on how the Corporation’s own credit spread is determined, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.

(5)  Includes gains (losses) on other assets, long-term deposits, federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase and short-term borrowings.

Gains (Losses) Related to Borrower-specific Credit Risk for Assets Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option

(Dollars in millions)
Loans reported as trading account assets
Consumer and commercial loans
Loans held-for-sale

2017

2016

2015

$

$

24
36
(22)

$

7
(53)
(34)

37
(200)
37

Bank of America 2017     201 

deposits with no stated maturities, the carrying value is considered 
to  approximate  fair  value  and  does  not  take  into  account  the 
significant  value  of  the  cost  advantage  and  stability  of  the 
Corporation’s  long-term  relationships  with  depositors.  The 
Corporation  accounts  for  certain  long-term  fixed-rate  deposits 
under the fair value option.

Long-term Debt
The Corporation uses quoted market prices, when available, to 
estimate fair value for its long-term debt. When quoted market 
prices are not available, fair value is estimated based on current 
market interest rates and credit spreads for debt with similar terms 
and maturities. The Corporation accounts for certain structured 
liabilities under the fair value option.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying values and fair values by fair value hierarchy of certain 
financial instruments where only a portion of the ending balance 
was carried at fair value at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are 
presented in the following table.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Fair Value

Carrying

Value

Level 2
Level 3
December 31, 2017

Total

(Dollars in millions)
Financial assets

Loans
Loans held-for-sale

$ 904,399
11,430

$

68,586
10,521

$ 849,576
909

$ 918,162
11,430

Financial liabilities

Deposits
Long-term debt

1,309,545
227,402

1,309,398
235,126

— 1,309,398
236,989

1,863

December 31, 2016

Financial assets

Loans
Loans held-for-sale

Financial liabilities

Deposits
Long-term debt

$ 873,209
9,066
 
1,260,934
216,823

$

71,793
8,082

1,261,086
220,071

$ 815,329
984

$ 887,122
9,066
 
— 1,261,086
221,585

1,514

Commercial Unfunded Lending Commitments
Fair values are generally determined using a discounted cash flow 
valuation approach which is applied using market-based CDS or 
internally  developed  benchmark  credit  curves.  The  Corporation 
accounts for certain loan commitments under the fair value option. 
The carrying values and fair values of the Corporation’s commercial 
unfunded lending commitments were $897 million and $4.0 billion 
at  December  31,  2017,  and  $937  million  and  $4.9  billion  at 
December  31,  2016.  Substantially  all  commercial  unfunded 
lending commitments are classified as Level 3. The carrying value 
of these commitments is included in accrued expenses and other 
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The Corporation does not estimate the fair values of consumer 
unfunded lending commitments because, in many instances, the 
Corporation can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing 
notice to the borrower. For more information on commitments, see 
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies.

NOTE 22 Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Financial instruments are classified within the fair value hierarchy 
using  the  methodologies  described  in  Note  20  –  Fair  Value 
Measurements.  The  following  disclosures  include  financial 
instruments that are not carried at fair value or only a portion of 
the ending balance is carried at fair value on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet.

Short-term Financial Instruments 
The carrying value of short-term financial instruments, including 
cash and cash equivalents, time deposits placed and other short-
term  investments,  federal  funds  sold  and  purchased,  certain 
resale  and  repurchase  agreements,  customer  and  other 
receivables,  customer  payables  (within  accrued  expenses  and 
other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet), and short-
term borrowings, approximates the fair value of these instruments. 
These financial instruments generally expose the Corporation to 
limited credit risk and have no stated maturities or have short-
term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate market. 
The  Corporation  accounts  for  certain  resale  and  repurchase 
agreements under the fair value option.

Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents are 
classified as Level 1. Time deposits placed and other short-term 
investments, such as U.S. government securities and short-term 
commercial paper, are classified as Level 1 or Level 2. Federal 
funds sold and purchased are classified as Level 2. Resale and 
repurchase agreements are classified as Level 2 because they 
are  generally  short-dated  and/or  variable-rate  instruments 
collateralized by U.S. government or agency securities. Customer 
and other receivables primarily consist of margin loans, servicing 
advances  and  other  accounts  receivable  and  are  classified  as 
Level 2 or Level 3. Customer payables and short-term borrowings 
are classified as Level 2.

Held-to-maturity Debt Securities
HTM debt securities, which consist primarily of U.S. agency debt 
securities, are classified as Level 2 using the same methodologies 
as AFS U.S. agency debt securities. For more information on HTM 
debt securities, see Note 3 – Securities.

Loans
The fair values for commercial and consumer loans are generally 
determined by discounting both principal and interest cash flows 
expected  to  be  collected  using  a  discount  rate  for  similar 
instruments  with  adjustments  that  the  Corporation  believes  a 
market participant would consider in determining fair value. The 
Corporation estimates the cash flows expected to be collected 
using internal credit risk, interest rate and prepayment risk models 
that incorporate the Corporation’s best estimate of current key 
assumptions, such as default rates, loss severity and prepayment 
speeds  for  the  life  of  the  loan.  The  carrying  value  of  loans  is 
presented  net  of  the  applicable  allowance  for  loan  losses  and 
excludes leases. The Corporation accounts for certain commercial 
loans and residential mortgage loans under the fair value option.

Deposits
The  fair  value  for  certain  deposits  with  stated  maturities  is 
determined by discounting contractual cash flows using current 
market rates for instruments with similar maturities. The carrying 
value  of  non-U.S.  time  deposits  approximates  fair  value.  For 

202     Bank of America 2017
202  Bank of America 2017

NOTE 23 Business Segment Information
NOTE 23 Business Segment Information
The  Corporation  reports  its  results  of  operations  through  the 
The  Corporation  reports  its  results  of  operations  through  the 
following  four  business  segments:  Consumer  Banking,  GWIM, 
following  four  business  segments:  Consumer  Banking,  GWIM, 
Global Banking and Global Markets, with the remaining operations 
Global Banking and Global Markets, with the remaining operations 
recorded in All Other.
recorded in All Other.
Consumer Banking
Consumer Banking
Consumer Banking offers a diversified range of credit, banking and 
Consumer Banking offers a diversified range of credit, banking and 
investment  products  and  services  to  consumers  and  small 
investment  products  and  services  to  consumers  and  small 
businesses.  Consumer  Banking  product  offerings 
include 
businesses.  Consumer  Banking  product  offerings 
include 
traditional savings accounts, money market savings accounts, CDs 
traditional savings accounts, money market savings accounts, CDs 
and  IRAs,  checking  accounts,  and  investment  accounts  and 
and  IRAs,  checking  accounts,  and  investment  accounts  and 
products, as well as credit and debit cards, residential mortgages 
products, as well as credit and debit cards, residential mortgages 
and home equity loans, and direct and indirect loans to consumers 
and home equity loans, and direct and indirect loans to consumers 
and small businesses in the U.S. Consumer Banking includes the 
and small businesses in the U.S. Consumer Banking includes the 
impact of servicing residential mortgages and home equity loans 
impact of servicing residential mortgages and home equity loans 
in the core portfolio. 
in the core portfolio. 
Global Wealth & Investment Management
Global Wealth & Investment Management
GWIM provides a high-touch client experience through a network 
GWIM provides a high-touch client experience through a network 
of financial advisors focused on clients with over $250,000 in 
of financial advisors focused on clients with over $250,000 in 
total  investable  assets,  including  tailored  solutions  to  meet 
total  investable  assets,  including  tailored  solutions  to  meet 
clients’  needs  through  a  full  set  of  investment  management, 
clients’  needs  through  a  full  set  of  investment  management, 
brokerage, banking and retirement products. GWIM also provides 
brokerage, banking and retirement products. GWIM also provides 
comprehensive wealth management solutions targeted to high net 
comprehensive wealth management solutions targeted to high net 
worth  and  ultra  high  net  worth  clients,  as  well  as  customized 
worth  and  ultra  high  net  worth  clients,  as  well  as  customized 
solutions  to  meet  clients’  wealth  structuring,  investment 
solutions  to  meet  clients’  wealth  structuring,  investment 
management, trust and banking needs, including specialty asset 
management, trust and banking needs, including specialty asset 
management services.
management services.
Global Banking
Global Banking
Global Banking provides a wide range of lending-related products 
Global Banking provides a wide range of lending-related products 
and services, integrated working capital management and treasury 
and services, integrated working capital management and treasury 
solutions,  and  underwriting  and  advisory  services  through  the 
solutions,  and  underwriting  and  advisory  services  through  the 
Corporation’s  network  of  offices  and  client  relationship  teams. 
Corporation’s  network  of  offices  and  client  relationship  teams. 
Global  Banking  also  provides  investment  banking  products  to 
Global  Banking  also  provides  investment  banking  products  to 
clients.  The  economics  of  certain  investment  banking  and 
clients.  The  economics  of  certain  investment  banking  and 
underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global Banking 
underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global Banking 
and  Global  Markets  under  an 
revenue-sharing 
and  Global  Markets  under  an 
revenue-sharing 
arrangement.  Global  Banking  clients  generally  include  middle-
arrangement.  Global  Banking  clients  generally  include  middle-
market  companies,  commercial  real  estate  firms,  not-for-profit 
market  companies,  commercial  real  estate  firms,  not-for-profit 
companies,  large  global  corporations,  financial  institutions, 
companies,  large  global  corporations,  financial  institutions, 
leasing  clients,  and  mid-sized  U.S.-based  businesses  requiring 
leasing  clients,  and  mid-sized  U.S.-based  businesses  requiring 
customized and integrated financial advice and solutions.
customized and integrated financial advice and solutions.
Global Markets
Global Markets
Global  Markets  offers  sales  and  trading  services,  including 
Global  Markets  offers  sales  and  trading  services,  including 
research,  to  institutional  clients  across  fixed-income,  credit, 
research,  to  institutional  clients  across  fixed-income,  credit, 
currency,  commodity  and  equity  businesses.  Global  Markets 
currency,  commodity  and  equity  businesses.  Global  Markets 
provides market-making, financing, securities clearing, settlement 
provides market-making, financing, securities clearing, settlement 
and custody services globally to institutional investor clients in 
and custody services globally to institutional investor clients in 
support of their investing and trading activities. Global Markets 
support of their investing and trading activities. Global Markets 
also works with commercial and corporate clients to provide risk 
also works with commercial and corporate clients to provide risk 
management products. As a result of market-making activities, 
management products. As a result of market-making activities, 
Global Markets may be required to manage risk in a broad range 
Global Markets may be required to manage risk in a broad range 
of  financial  products.  In  addition,  the  economics  of  certain 
of  financial  products.  In  addition,  the  economics  of  certain 
investment banking and underwriting activities are shared primarily 
investment banking and underwriting activities are shared primarily 
between  Global  Markets  and  Global  Banking  under  an  internal 
between  Global  Markets  and  Global  Banking  under  an  internal 
revenue-sharing arrangement.
revenue-sharing arrangement.
All Other
All Other
All Other consists of ALM activities, equity investments, non-core 
All Other consists of ALM activities, equity investments, non-core 
mortgage loans and servicing activities, the net impact of periodic 
mortgage loans and servicing activities, the net impact of periodic 
revisions to the MSR valuation model for both core and non-core 
revisions to the MSR valuation model for both core and non-core 
MSRs and the related economic hedge results and ineffectiveness, 
MSRs and the related economic hedge results and ineffectiveness, 

internal 

internal 

liquidating  businesses,  and  residual  expense  allocations.  ALM 
activities  encompass  certain 
residential  mortgages,  debt 
securities,  interest  rate  and  foreign  currency  risk  management 
activities,  the  impact  of  certain  allocation  methodologies  and 
accounting  hedge  ineffectiveness.  The  results  of  certain  ALM 
activities  are  allocated  to  the  business  segments.  Equity 
investments include the merchant services joint venture as well 
as  a  portfolio  of  equity,  real  estate  and  other  alternative 
investments. The initial impact of the Tax Act was recorded in All 
Other.

liquidating  businesses,  and  residual  expense  allocations.  ALM 
activities  encompass  certain 
residential  mortgages,  debt 
securities,  interest  rate  and  foreign  currency  risk  management 
activities,  the  impact  of  certain  allocation  methodologies  and 
accounting  hedge  ineffectiveness.  The  results  of  certain  ALM 
activities  are  allocated  to  the  business  segments.  Equity 
investments include the merchant services joint venture as well 
as  a  portfolio  of  equity,  real  estate  and  other  alternative 
investments. The initial impact of the Tax Act was recorded in All 
Other.
Basis of Presentation
Basis of Presentation
The  management  accounting  and  reporting  process  derives 
The  management  accounting  and  reporting  process  derives 
segment  and  business 
results  by  utilizing  allocation 
segment  and  business 
results  by  utilizing  allocation 
methodologies for revenue and expense. The net income derived 
methodologies for revenue and expense. The net income derived 
for the businesses is dependent upon revenue and cost allocations 
for the businesses is dependent upon revenue and cost allocations 
using an activity-based costing model, funds transfer pricing, and 
using an activity-based costing model, funds transfer pricing, and 
other methodologies and assumptions management believes are 
other methodologies and assumptions management believes are 
appropriate to reflect the results of the business.
appropriate to reflect the results of the business.

Total revenue, net of interest expense, includes net interest 
Total revenue, net of interest expense, includes net interest 
income on an FTE basis and noninterest income. The adjustment 
income on an FTE basis and noninterest income. The adjustment 
of net interest income to an FTE basis results in a corresponding 
of net interest income to an FTE basis results in a corresponding 
increase in income tax expense. The segment results also reflect 
increase in income tax expense. The segment results also reflect 
certain revenue and expense methodologies that are utilized to 
certain revenue and expense methodologies that are utilized to 
determine net income. The net interest income of the businesses 
determine net income. The net interest income of the businesses 
includes  the  results  of  a  funds  transfer  pricing  process  that 
includes  the  results  of  a  funds  transfer  pricing  process  that 
matches assets and liabilities with similar interest rate sensitivity 
matches assets and liabilities with similar interest rate sensitivity 
and  maturity  characteristics.  In  segments  where  the  total  of 
and  maturity  characteristics.  In  segments  where  the  total  of 
liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-
liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-
taking  segments,  the  Corporation  allocates  assets  to  match 
taking  segments,  the  Corporation  allocates  assets  to  match 
liabilities.  Net  interest  income  of  the  business  segments  also 
liabilities.  Net  interest  income  of  the  business  segments  also 
includes an allocation of net interest income generated by certain 
includes an allocation of net interest income generated by certain 
of the Corporation’s ALM activities. 
of the Corporation’s ALM activities. 

In  addition,  the  business  segments  are  impacted  by  the 
migration of customers and clients and their deposit, loan and 
brokerage balances between businesses. Subsequent to the date 
of  migration,  the  associated  net  interest  income,  noninterest 
income and noninterest expense are recorded in the business to 
which the customers or clients migrated.

In  addition,  the  business  segments  are  impacted  by  the 
migration of customers and clients and their deposit, loan and 
brokerage balances between businesses. Subsequent to the date 
of  migration,  the  associated  net  interest  income,  noninterest 
income and noninterest expense are recorded in the business to 
which the customers or clients migrated.

The Corporation’s ALM activities include an overall interest rate 
risk management strategy that incorporates the use of various 
derivatives  and  cash  instruments  to  manage  fluctuations  in 
earnings and capital that are caused by interest rate volatility. The 
Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that 
movements in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect 
earnings and capital. The results of a majority of the Corporation’s 
ALM  activities  are  allocated  to  the  business  segments  and 
fluctuate based on the performance of the ALM activities. ALM 
activities  include  external  product  pricing  decisions  including 
deposit pricing strategies, the effects of the Corporation’s internal 
funds transfer pricing process and the net effects of other ALM 
activities.

The Corporation’s ALM activities include an overall interest rate 
risk management strategy that incorporates the use of various 
derivatives  and  cash  instruments  to  manage  fluctuations  in 
earnings and capital that are caused by interest rate volatility. The 
Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that 
movements in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect 
earnings and capital. The results of a majority of the Corporation’s 
ALM  activities  are  allocated  to  the  business  segments  and 
fluctuate based on the performance of the ALM activities. ALM 
activities  include  external  product  pricing  decisions  including 
deposit pricing strategies, the effects of the Corporation’s internal 
funds transfer pricing process and the net effects of other ALM 
activities.

Certain  expenses  not  directly  attributable  to  a  specific 
business segment are allocated to the segments. The costs of 
certain  centralized  or  shared  functions  are  allocated  based  on 
methodologies that reflect utilization.

Certain  expenses  not  directly  attributable  to  a  specific 
business segment are allocated to the segments. The costs of 
certain  centralized  or  shared  functions  are  allocated  based  on 
methodologies that reflect utilization.

The  tables  below  present  net  income  (loss)  and  the 
The  tables  below  present  net  income  (loss)  and  the 
components thereto (with net interest income on an FTE basis) 
components thereto (with net interest income on an FTE basis) 
for 2017, 2016 and 2015, and total assets at December 31, 2017 
for 2017, 2016 and 2015, and total assets at December 31, 2017 
and 2016 for each business segment, as well as All Other, including 
and 2016 for each business segment, as well as All Other, including 
a reconciliation of the four business segments’ total revenue, net 
a reconciliation of the four business segments’ total revenue, net 
of  interest  expense,  on  an  FTE  basis,  and  net  income  to  the 
of  interest  expense,  on  an  FTE  basis,  and  net  income  to  the 
Consolidated  Statement  of  Income,  and  total  assets  to  the 
Consolidated  Statement  of  Income,  and  total  assets  to  the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Bank of America 2017     203 

Bank of America 2017     203 

$

$
$

$

$
$

$

$
$

Results of Business Segments and All Other

At and for the year ended December 31
(Dollars in millions)
Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income

Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes (FTE basis)

Income tax expense (FTE basis)

Net income

Period-end total assets

Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income

Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income before income taxes (FTE basis)

Income tax expense (FTE basis)

Net income

Period-end total assets

Net interest income (FTE basis)
Noninterest income (loss)

Total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)

Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expense

Income (loss) before income taxes (FTE basis)

Income tax expense (benefit) (FTE basis)

Net income (loss)

Period-end total assets

Business Segment Reconciliations

Segments’ total revenue, net of interest expense (FTE basis)
Adjustments (2):
ALM activities
Liquidating businesses and other
FTE basis adjustment

Consolidated revenue, net of interest expense

Segments’ total net income
Adjustments, net-of-taxes (2):

ALM activities
Liquidating businesses and other

Consolidated net income

Segments’ total assets
Adjustments (2):

ALM activities, including securities portfolio
Liquidating businesses and other (3)
Elimination of segment asset allocations to match liabilities

Consolidated total assets

Total Corporation (1)

Consumer Banking

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

$

20,428
11,091
31,519
2,346
18,710
10,463
3,814
6,649

2015

9,244
8,377
17,621
686
8,482
8,453
3,114
5,339

2017

45,592
42,685
88,277
3,396
54,743
30,138
11,906
18,232
2,281,234

2016

$

41,996
42,605
84,601
3,597
55,083
25,921
8,099
$
17,822
$ 2,188,067

$

$

39,847
44,007
83,854
3,161
57,617
23,076
7,166
15,910

Global Wealth &

Investment Management

2017

2016

2015

6,173
12,417
18,590
56
13,564
4,970
1,882
3,088
284,321

$

$
$

5,759
11,891
17,650
68
13,175
4,407
1,632
2,775
298,931

2017

3,744
12,207
15,951
164
10,731
5,056
1,763
3,293
629,007

Global Markets

2016

$

$
$

4,558
11,532
16,090
31
10,169
5,890
2,072
3,818
566,060

$

$

$

$

5,527
12,507
18,034
51
13,938
4,045
1,475
2,570

2015

4,191
10,822
15,013
99
11,374
3,540
1,117
2,423

$

$
$

$

$
$

$

$
$

24,307
10,214
34,521
3,525
17,787
13,209
5,002
8,207
749,325

$

$
$

21,290
10,441
31,731
2,715
17,654
11,362
4,190
7,172
702,333

Global Banking

2017

2016

9,471
8,974
18,445
883
8,486
9,076
3,347
5,729
408,330

$

$
$

$

10,504
9,495
19,999
212
8,596
11,191
4,238
6,953
424,533

2017

864
(1,648)
(784)
(561)
4,065
(4,288)
(979)

(3,309) $
$

194,048

All Other

2016

2015

$

918
(233)
685
(100)
5,599
(4,814)
(3,142)
(1,672) $

212,413

457
1,210
1,667
(21)
5,113
(3,425)
(2,354)
(1,071)

2017

2016

2015

$

89,061

$

83,916

$

82,187

312
(1,096)
(925)
87,352
21,541

(355)
(2,954)
18,232

$

$

(300)
985
(900)
83,701
19,494

(651)
(1,021)
17,822

$

$

(208)
1,875
(889)
82,965
16,981

(694)
(377)
15,910

December 31

2017
2,087,186
 
625,488
89,008
(520,448)
2,281,234

2016

$ 1,975,654

612,996
118,073
(518,656)
$ 2,188,067

$

$

$

$

(1)  There were no material intersegment revenues.
(2)  Adjustments include consolidated income, expense and asset amounts not specifically allocated to individual business segments.
(3)  At December 31, 2016, includes assets of the non-U.S. consumer credit card business which were included in assets of business held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

204  Bank of America 2017

204     Bank of America 2017

NOTE 24 Parent Company Information
The following tables present the Parent Company-only financial information. This financial information is presented in accordance with 
bank regulatory reporting requirements.

Condensed Statement of Income

(Dollars in millions)
Income
Dividends from subsidiaries:

Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries

Interest from subsidiaries
Other income (loss)

Total income

Expense
Interest on borrowed funds from related subsidiaries
Other interest expense
Noninterest expense

Total expense
Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Income tax expense (benefit)
Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries
Equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries:

Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries

Total equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries
Net income

Condensed Balance Sheet

(Dollars in millions)
Assets
Cash held at bank subsidiaries (1)
Securities
Receivables from subsidiaries:

Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries
Banks and related subsidiaries
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries:

Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries

Other assets

Total assets (2)

Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
Payables to subsidiaries:

Banks and related subsidiaries
Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries

Long-term debt

Total liabilities

Shareholders’ equity

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

2017

2016

2015

 
 
12,088
202
7,043
28
19,361
 
189
5,555
1,672
7,416
11,945
950
10,995
 
8,725
(1,488)
7,237
18,232

$

$

 
 
4,127
77
2,996
111
7,311
 
969
5,096
2,704
8,769
(1,458)
(2,311)
853
 
16,817
152
16,969
17,822

$

$

 
 
18,970
53
2,004
(623)
20,404
 
1,169
5,098
4,631
10,898
9,506
(3,532)
13,038
 
3,068
(196)
2,872
15,910

$

$

 

December 31

2017

2016

 
4,747
596

$

146,566
146
4,745

296,506
5,225
14,554
473,085
 
10,286

359
1
9,340
185,953
205,939
267,146
473,085

$

$

$

 
20,248
909

117,072
171
26,500

287,416
6,875
11,038
470,229
 
14,284

352
4,013
12,010
173,375
204,034
266,195
470,229

$

$

$

$

(1)  Balance includes third-party cash held of $193 million and $342 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016.
(2)  During 2016, the Corporation entered into intercompany arrangements with certain key subsidiaries under which the Corporation transferred certain parent company assets to NB Holdings Corporation.

Bank of America 2017     205 

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows

(Dollars in millions)
Operating activities
Net income
Reconciliation of net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:

Equity in undistributed (earnings) losses of subsidiaries
Other operating activities, net

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

Investing activities
Net sales of securities
Net payments to subsidiaries
Other investing activities, net

Net cash used in investing activities

Financing activities
Net decrease in short-term borrowings
Net decrease in other advances
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt
Retirement of long-term debt
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Common stock repurchased
Cash dividends paid

Net cash used in financing activities

Net decrease in cash held at bank subsidiaries
Cash held at bank subsidiaries at January 1

Cash held at bank subsidiaries at December 31

2017

2016

2015

 
18,232
 
(7,237)
(2,593)
8,402
 
312
(7,087)
(1)
(6,776)
 
—
(6,672)
37,704
(29,645)
—
(12,814)
(5,700)
(17,127)
(15,501)
20,248
4,747

$

$

 
17,822
 
(16,969)
(2,860)
(2,007)
 
—
(65,481)
(308)
(65,789)
 
(136)
(44)
27,363
(30,804)
2,947
(5,112)
(4,194)
(9,980)
(77,776)
98,024
20,248

$

$

 
15,910
 
(2,872)
(2,583)
10,455
 
15
(7,944)
70
(7,859)
 
(221)
(770)
26,492
(27,393)
2,964
(2,374)
(3,574)
(4,876)
(2,280)
100,304
98,024

$

$

NOTE 25 Performance by Geographical Area
Since the Corporation’s operations are highly integrated, certain asset, liability, income and expense amounts must be allocated to 
arrive at total assets, total revenue, net of interest expense, income before income taxes and net income by geographic area. The 
Corporation identifies its geographic performance based on the business unit structure used to manage the capital or expense deployed 
in the region as applicable. This requires certain judgments related to the allocation of revenue so that revenue can be appropriately 
matched with the related capital or expense deployed in the region. 

Total Assets at 

Year End (1)

 

Total Revenue, 
Net of Interest 

Expense (2)

$

$

$

$

1,965,490
1,901,043
 
103,255
85,410
 
189,661
174,934

22,828
26,680
 
315,744
287,024
 
2,281,234
2,188,067
 

74,830
72,418
72,117
3,405
3,365
3,524
7,907
6,608
6,081
1,210
1,310
1,243
12,522
11,283
10,848
87,352
83,701
82,965

Income Before
Income Taxes
25,108
$
22,282
20,181
676
674
726
2,990
1,705
938
439
360
342
4,105
2,739
2,006
29,213
25,021
22,187

$

$

$

Net Income

15,550
16,183
14,711
464
488
457
1,926
925
516
292
226
226
2,682
1,639
1,199
18,232
17,822
15,910

2017
2016
2015
2017
2016
2015
2017
2016
2015
2017
2016
2015
2017
2016
2015
2017
2016
2015

(Dollars in millions)
U.S. (3)
 
 
Asia
 
 
Europe, Middle East and Africa
 
 
Latin America and the Caribbean
 
 

Total Non-U.S. 

 
 

Total Consolidated

206     Bank of America 2017

 
 
(1)  Total assets include long-lived assets, which are primarily located in the U.S.
(2)  There were no material intercompany revenues between geographic regions for any of the periods presented.
(3)  Substantially reflects the U.S.

Glossary
Alt-A Mortgage – A type of U.S. mortgage that is considered riskier 
than  A-paper,  or  “prime,”  and  less  risky  than  “subprime,”  the 
riskiest category. Typically, Alt-A mortgages are characterized by 
borrowers with less than full documentation, lower credit scores 
and higher LTVs.

Assets  in  Custody  –  Consist  largely  of  custodial  and  non-
discretionary 
trust  assets  excluding  brokerage  assets 
administered for clients.

Assets  Under  Management  (AUM)  –  The  total  market  value  of 
assets under the investment advisory and/or discretion of GWIM 
which generate asset management fees based on a percentage 
of  the  assets’  market  values.  AUM  reflects  assets  that  are 
generally  managed  for  institutional,  high  net  worth  and  retail 
clients, and are distributed through various investment products 
including mutual funds, other commingled vehicles and separate 
accounts.

Banking Book – All on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments 
of  the  Corporation  except  for  those  positions  that  are  held  for 
trading purposes.

Client Brokerage Assets – Client assets which are held in brokerage 
accounts.

Committed Credit Exposure – Any funded portion of a facility plus 
the unfunded portion of a facility on which the lender is legally 
bound to advance funds during a specified period under prescribed 
conditions.

Credit  Derivatives  –  Contractual  agreements  that  provide 
protection  against  a  specified  credit  event  on  one  or  more 
referenced obligations. 

Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) – A portfolio adjustment required 
to properly reflect the counterparty credit risk exposure as part of 
the fair value of derivative instruments. 

Debit Valuation Adjustment (DVA) – A portfolio adjustment required 
to properly reflect the Corporation’s own credit risk exposure as 
part of the fair value of derivative instruments and/or structured 
liabilities.

Funding  Valuation  Adjustment  (FVA)  –  A  portfolio  adjustment 
required to include funding costs on uncollateralized derivatives 
and derivatives where the Corporation is not permitted to use the 
collateral it receives. 

Interest Rate Lock Commitment (IRLC) – Commitment with a loan 
applicant in which the loan terms are guaranteed for a designated 
period of time subject to credit approval.

Letter of Credit – A document issued on behalf of a customer to 
a third party promising to pay the third party upon presentation of 
specified documents. A letter of credit effectively substitutes the 
issuer’s credit for that of the customer. 

Loan-to-value (LTV) – A commonly used credit quality metric. LTV 
is calculated as the outstanding carrying value of the loan divided 
by the estimated value of the property securing the loan. 

Margin  Receivable  –  An  extension  of  credit  secured  by  eligible 
securities in certain brokerage accounts.

Matched Book – Repurchase and resale agreements or securities 
borrowed and loaned transactions where the overall asset and 
liability position is similar in size and/or maturity. Generally, these 
are  entered  into  to  accommodate  customers  where  the 
Corporation earns the interest rate spread.

Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSR) – The right to service a mortgage 
loan  when  the  underlying  loan  is  sold  or  securitized.  Servicing 
includes collections for principal, interest and escrow payments 
from  borrowers  and  accounting  for  and  remitting  principal  and 
interest payments to investors.

Net Interest Yield – Net interest income divided by average total 
interest-earning assets.

Nonperforming Loans and Leases – Includes loans and leases that 
have  been  placed  on  nonaccrual  status,  including  nonaccruing 
loans whose contractual terms have been restructured in a manner 
that  grants  a  concession  to  a  borrower  experiencing  financial 
difficulties. 

Operating Margin – Income before income taxes divided by total 
revenue, net of interest expense.

Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) – A framework established by the 
U.S. banking regulators requiring banks to maintain certain levels 
of  regulatory  capital  ratios,  comprised  of  five  categories  of 
capitalization:  “well  capitalized,”  “adequately  capitalized,” 
“undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized” and “critically 
undercapitalized.” Insured depository institutions that fail to meet 
certain of these capital levels are subject to increasingly strict 
limits  on  their  activities,  including  their  ability  to  make  capital 
distributions, pay management compensation, grow assets and 
take other actions. 

Subprime  Loans  –  Although  a  standard  industry  definition  for 
subprime  loans  (including  subprime  mortgage  loans)  does  not 
exist, the Corporation defines subprime loans as specific product 
offerings for higher risk borrowers. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) – Loans whose contractual 
terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession 
to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Certain consumer 
loans for which a binding offer to restructure has been extended 
are also classified as TDRs.

Value-at-Risk (VaR) – VaR is a model that simulates the value of 
a  portfolio  under  a  range  of  hypothetical  scenarios  in  order  to 
generate  a  distribution  of  potential  gains  and  losses.  VaR 
represents the loss the portfolio is expected to experience with a 
given confidence level based on historical data. A VaR model is 
an effective tool in estimating ranges of potential gains and losses 
on our trading portfolios. 

Bank of America 2017     207 

ICAAP
IMM
IRLC
IRM
ISDA

LCR
LGD
LHFS
LIBOR
LTV
MBS
MD&A

Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
Internal models methodology
Interest rate lock commitment
Independent risk management
International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
Inc.
Liquidity Coverage Ratio
Loss given default
Loans held-for-sale
London InterBank Offered Rate
Loan-to-value
Mortgage-backed securities
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

MLGWM Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management
MLI
MLPCC
MLPF&S Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith

Merrill Lynch International
Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp

MRC
MSA
MSR
NSFR
OAS
OCC
OCI
OREO
OTC
OTTI
PCA
PCI
PPI
RMBS
RSU
SBLC
SEC
SLR
TDR
TLAC
TTF
VA
VaR
VIE

Incorporated
Management Risk Committee
Metropolitan Statistical Area
Mortgage servicing right
Net Stable Funding Ratio
Option-adjusted spread
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
Other comprehensive income
Other real estate owned
Over-the-counter
Other-than-temporary impairment
Prompt Corrective Action
Purchased credit-impaired
Payment protection insurance
Residential mortgage-backed securities
Restricted stock unit
Standby letter of credit
Securities and Exchange Commission
Supplementary leverage ratio
Troubled debt restructurings
Total loss-absorbing capacity
Time-to-required funding
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
Value-at-Risk
Variable interest entity

Acronyms

ABS
AFS
ALM
AUM
AVM
BANA
BHC
bps
CCAR
CDO
CDS
CGA
CLO
CLTV
CVA
DIF
DVA
EAD
EPS
ERC
FASB
FCA
FDIC
FHA
FHLB
FHLMC
FICC
FICO
FLUs
FNMA
FTE
FVA
GAAP

GLS
GM&CA
GNMA
GSE
G-SIB
GWIM
HELOC
HQLA
HTM

Asset-backed securities
Available-for-sale
Asset and liability management
Assets under management
Automated valuation model
Bank of America, National Association
Bank holding company
basis points
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review
Collateralized debt obligation
Credit default swap
Corporate General Auditor
Collateralized loan obligation
Combined loan-to-value
Credit valuation adjustment
Deposit Insurance Fund
Debit valuation adjustment
Exposure at Default
Earnings per common share
Enterprise Risk Committee
Financial Accounting Standards Board
Financial Conduct Authority
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Home Loan Bank
Freddie Mac
Fixed-income, currencies and commodities
Fair Isaac Corporation (credit score)
Front line units
Fannie Mae
Fully taxable-equivalent
Funding valuation adjustment
Accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America
Global Liquidity Sources
Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs
Government National Mortgage Association
Government-sponsored enterprise
Global systemically important bank
Global Wealth & Investment Management
Home equity line of credit
High Quality Liquid Assets
Held-to-maturity

 

208     Bank of America 2017

Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

As of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to 
Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange 
Act), Bank of America’s management, including the Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the 
effectiveness  and  design  of  our  disclosure  controls  and 
procedures  (as  that  term  is  defined  in  Rule  13a-15(e)  of  the 
Exchange  Act).  Based  upon  that  evaluation,  Bank  of  America’s 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that

Bank  of  America’s  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  were 
effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report, in 
recording,  processing,  summarizing  and  reporting  information 
required to be disclosed by the Corporation in reports that it files 
or  submits  under  the  Exchange  Act,  within  the  time  periods 
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and 
forms.

Bank of America 2017 

209

Bank of America 2017     209 

Executive Management Team and Board of Directors 
Bank of America Corporation 
 
Executive Management Team 
Brian T. Moynihan* 
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Dean C. Athanasia* 
President, Preferred and  
Small Business Banking, and 
Co-head, Consumer Banking 
 
Catherine P. Bessant* 
Chief Operations and Technology Officer  
 
Sheri B. Bronstein 
Global Human Resources Executive 
 
Paul M. Donofrio* 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Anne M. Finucane 
Vice Chairman  
 
Geoffrey S. Greener* 
Chief Risk Officer 
 
Christine P. Katziff 
Corporate General Auditor 
 
Terrence P. Laughlin* 
Vice Chairman and Head of  
Global Wealth & Investment 
Management 
 
David G. Leitch* 
Global General Counsel 
 
Thomas K. Montag* 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Thong M. Nguyen* 
President, Retail Banking,  
and Co-head, Consumer Banking 
 
Andrea B. Smith* 
Chief Administrative Officer  
 
Bruce R. Thompson 
Vice Chairman 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* Executive Officer 
 
 
 

Board of Directors 
Brian T. Moynihan 
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Bank of America Corporation 
 
Jack O. Bovender, Jr. 
Lead Independent Director, 
Bank of America Corporation; 
Former Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer, 
HCA Inc. 
 
Sharon L. Allen 
Former Chairman, 
Deloitte LLP 
 
Susan S. Bies 
Former Member, 
Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System 
 
Frank P. Bramble, Sr. 
Former Executive Vice Chairman, 
MBNA Corporation 
 
Pierre J. P. de Weck 
Former Chairman and 
Global Head of Private 
Wealth Management, 
Deutsche Bank AG 
 
Arnold W. Donald 
President and  
Chief Executive Officer,  
Carnival Corporation and  
Carnival plc 
 
Linda P. Hudson 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
The Cardea Group, LLC; 
Former President and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
BAE Systems, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

210      Bank of America 2017   

210  Bank of America 2017

 
Monica C. Lozano 
Chief Executive Officer,  
College Futures Foundation; 
Former Chairman, 
US Hispanic Media Inc. 
 
Thomas J. May 
Former Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Eversource Energy; 
Chairman, Viacom, Inc. 
 
Lionel L. Nowell, III 
Former Senior Vice President  
and Treasurer, PepsiCo, Inc. 
 
Michael D. White 
Former Chairman, President and 
Chief Executive Officer, DIRECTV 
 
Thomas D. Woods 
Former Vice Chairman and Senior 
Executive Vice President, 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 
R. David Yost 
Former Chief Executive Officer, 
AmerisourceBergen Corporation 
 
Maria T. Zuber 
Vice President for Research and E. A. 
Griswold Professor of Geophysics, 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Corporate Information 
Bank of America Corporation 
 
Headquarters 
The principal executive offices of Bank of America Corporation 
(the Corporation) are located in the Bank of America Corporate 
Center, 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 28255. 
 
Stock Listing 
The Corporation’s common stock is listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BAC. The stock is 
typically listed as BankAm in newspapers. As of December 31, 
2017, there were 175,958 registered holders of the Corporation’s 
common stock. 
 
Investor Relations 
Analysts, portfolio managers and other investors seeking 
additional information about Bank of America stock should 
contact our Equity Investor Relations group at 1.704.386.5681 
or i_r@bankofamerica.com. For additional information about 
Bank of America from a credit perspective, including debt and 
preferred securities, contact our Fixed Income Investor Relations 
group at 1.866.607.1234 or fixedincomeir@bankofamerica.com. 
Visit the Investor Relations area of the Bank of America website, 
http://investor.bankofamerica.com, for stock and dividend 
information, financial news releases, links to Bank of America SEC 
filings, electronic versions of our annual reports and other items 
of interest to the Corporation’s shareholders. 
 
Customers 
For assistance with Bank of America products and services, call 
1.800.432.1000, or visit the Bank of America website at 
www.bankofamerica.com. Additional toll-free numbers for specific 
products and services are listed on our website at 
www.bankofamerica.com/contact. 
 
News Media 
News media seeking information should visit our online 
newsroom at http://newsroom.bankofamerica.com for news 
releases, press kits and other items relating to the Corporation, 
including a complete list of the Corporation’s media relations 
specialists grouped by business specialty or geography. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Annual Report on Form 10-K 
The Corporation’s 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K is available 
at http://investor.bankofamerica.com. The Corporation also will 
provide a copy of the 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K (without 
exhibits) upon written request addressed to: 
 
Bank of America Corporation 
Office of the Corporate Secretary 
Hearst Tower, 214 North Tryon Street 
NC1-027-20-05 
Charlotte, NC 28255 
 
Shareholder Inquiries 
For inquiries concerning dividend checks, electronic deposit of 
dividends, dividend reinvestment, tax statements, electronic 
delivery, transferring ownership, address changes or lost or stolen 
stock certificates, contact Bank of America Shareholder 
Services at Computershare Trust Company, N.A. via the Internet 
at www.computershare.com/bac; call 1.800.642.9855; or write to 
P.O. Box 505005, Louisville, KY 40233. For general shareholder 
information, contact Bank of America Office of the Corporate 
Secretary at 1.800.521.3984. Shareholders outside of the United 
States and Canada may call 1.781.575.2621. 
 
Electronic Delivery 
As part of our ongoing commitment to reduce paper consumption, 
As part of our ongoing commitment to reduce paper consumption, 
we offer electronic methods for customer communications and 
we offer electronic methods for customer communications and 
transactions. Customers can sign up to receive online statements 
transactions. Customers can sign up to receive online statements 
through their Bank of America or Merrill Lynch account website. 
through their Bank of America or Merrill Lynch account website. 
In 2012, we adopted the SEC’s 
In 2012, we adopted the SEC’s Notice and Access rule, which allows 
Notice and Access rule, which allows certain issuers to inform 
certain issuers to inform shareholders of the electronic availability 
shareholders of the electronic availability of Proxy materials, 
of Proxy materials, including the Annual Report, which significantly 
including the Annual Report, which significantly reduced the 
reduced the number of printed copies we produce and mail to 
number of printed copies we produce and mail to shareholders. 
shareholders. Shareholders still receiving printed copies can join 
Shareholders still receiving printed copies can join our efforts by 
our efforts by electing to receive an electronic copy of the Annual 
electing to receive an electronic copy of the Annual Report and 
Report and Proxy materials. If you have an account maintained in 
Proxy materials. If you have an account maintained in your name 
your name at Computershare Investor Services, you may sign up 
at Computershare Investor Services, you may sign up for this 
for this service at www.computershare.com/bac. If your shares are 
service at www.computershare.com/bac. If your shares are held by 
held by a broker, bank or other nominee, you may elect to receive an 
a broker, bank or other nominee, you may elect to receive an 
electronic copy of the Proxy materials online at 
electronic copy of the Proxy materials online at 
www.proxyvote.com, or contact your broker. 
www.proxyvote.com, or contact your broker
 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

Bank of America 2017    211   

Bank of America 2017 

211

212

Bank of America 2017

Investment products: 

Are Not FDIC Insured

Are Not Bank Guaranteed

May Lose Value

“Bank of America Merrill Lynch” is the marketing name for the global banking and global markets businesses of 
Bank of America Corporation. Lending, derivatives and other commercial banking activities are performed globally 
by banking affiliates of Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Securities, 
strategic advisory, and other investment banking activities are performed globally by investment banking affiliates 
of Bank of America Corporation (“Investment Banking Affiliates”), including, in the United States, Merrill Lynch, 
Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., both of which are registered as 
broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by locally registered entities. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, 
Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp. are registered as futures commission 
merchants with the CFTC and are members of the NFA.

Global Wealth and Investment Management is a division of Bank of America Corporation (“BofA Corp.”). Merrill 
Lynch Wealth Management, Merrill Edge®, U.S. Trust, and Bank of America Merrill Lynch are affiliated sub-divisions 
within Global Wealth and Investment Management. 
Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated 
(“MLPF&S”) and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Merrill Edge is available through MLPF&S, and consists of the 
Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing. 

U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsid-
iaries of BofA Corp. 

Bank of America Merrill Lynch is a marketing name for the Retirement Services businesses of BofA Corp. 
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned 
subsidiaries of BofA Corp. 

Zelle and Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license. 
Transfers require enrollment in the service and must be made from a Bank of America consumer checking or sav-
ings account to a domestic bank account or debit card. Recipients have 14 days to register to receive money or the 
transfer will be canceled. It may take 1 to 3 business days to complete the first transfer to a newly registered recip-
ient. After that, future transfers between registered users will typically be completed within minutes. We will send 
you an email alert with delivery details immediately after you schedule the transfer. Dollar and frequency limits 
apply. See the Online Banking Service Agreement for details, including cut-off and delivery times. Data connection 
required. Wireless carrier charges may apply.

Please recycle. The annual report is printed on 30% post-consumer waste (PCW) recycled paper.
© 2018 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.

© 2018 Bank of America Corporation 
00-04-1375B 3/2018

