Supporting the heroes of healthcare
Annual Report 2017

BD associates have a passion and 
commitment to help improve patient 
outcomes, increase the safety and 
efficiency of clinicians’ care delivery 
process, enable laboratory scientists  
to better diagnose disease and 
advance researchers’ capabilities  
to develop the next generation of 
diagnostics and therapeutics.

Nearly 

 50,000 

associates

Serving 

 190+ 

countries

Vincent A. Forlenza
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer

To our shareholders, 
customers and associates:

In just a few short years, 
we have transformed  
BD like no other time in  
our 120-year history. 
We have accelerated our momentum in our 
core solutions, we have integrated CareFusion 
to enhance the value we offer to our 
customers, and we re-engineered our 
functional teams to leverage our scale and 
operate more efficiently and effectively. This 
groundwork will prepare the company for the 
next major milestone in our strategic 
transformation as we acquire and integrate  
C. R. Bard, Inc. I could not be more proud of 
our associates for the hard work they have 
exhibited every day to fulfill our purpose of 
advancing the world of health while 
continuing to deliver solid and dependable 
top- and bottom-line results.

As companies grow, they often become more 
complex. We have been deliberate in our 
approach to ensure that as we continue to 
grow both organically and inorganically, we 
continually simplify how we operate to reduce 
complexity and stay nimble. This approach is 
grounded in our deep focus and 
understanding of the role BD has in the 
healthcare ecosystem: We help the people 
who help the patients. That includes the 
caregivers, the laboratory professionals, the 
researchers and others in healthcare settings 
around the world that have direct responsibility 
for making patients better. They 
are our heroes.
We support these heroes of healthcare by 
providing solutions, services, education and 
expertise so that they can provide the best 
care possible and develop the next generation 
of diagnostics and therapies. We help the 
healers. And we don’t take that 
responsibility lightly.  

New solutions

The power of the “new” BD is seen in our  
new solutions. We no longer focus on just new 
products, but instead we determine how we 
can bring a suite of products and services to 
solve customer challenges. Everything starts 
with the customer.
We are redefining medication management 
technologies to support hospitals and health 
systems to make their process safer, smarter 
and simpler. Through the BD HealthSight™ 
platform for enterprise medication 
management, we have introduced a new 

There is a 45% chance for error in the 
medication administration process. 

concept in the integration of technology, 
analytics and expert services to optimize the 
medication management process and help 
improve efficiency, reduce waste and improve 
patient outcomes. 

About 90% of hospital inpatients 
receive a peripheral IV, and those  
IVs have a 35% to 50% failure rate.

We are also tackling IV-related complications 
associated with vascular access management 
through our ability to combine clinical 
practice assessments, a comprehensive 
portfolio of products, expert clinical training 
and education to help hospitals reduce 
unnecessary complications.
For clinical laboratories looking for better ways 
to diagnose, we offer a comprehensive set of 
tools to support disease diagnosis and 
treatment. This past year, we have introduced 
a wide variety of new ID/AST diagnostics that 
can identify infectious diseases and provide 
antimicrobial susceptibility data to enable 
physicians to prescribe appropriate treatments. 
Through BD Kiestra™ lab automation 
solutions, we continue to automate clinical 
laboratories for maximum efficiency. 
We are also on the front lines of helping 
medical researchers develop a new 
generation of diagnostics and therapies 
through our expertise in bioscience and 
genomics. The new BD Rhapsody™ platform 
is a complete system of reagents, instruments 
and software for targeted gene expression in 

single cell analysis with the ability to detect 
rare molecules that researchers use to study 
whether the presence of these biological 
markers are indicative of disease. As 
immunotherapy research continues to 

Sequencing the genome: then and now

 

2001 
$2.7 billion 
13 years  

Cost 
Time 

Today 
$5,000
<1 week

expand, the ability to isolate and characterize 
individual cells becomes exponentially more 
important, and BD is a recognized leader in 
cell sorting applications. This is an area where 
we will continue to lead.
And we continue to invest in innovation, 
including new technologies under 
development to provide more advanced 
“wearable” drug delivery devices and diabetes 
disease management applications. 

The International Diabetes 
Federation forecasts that by  
2040 over 600 million people  
will suffer from diabetes, costing  
the healthcare system greater  
than $1 trillion.

Leadership

Developing the next generation of solutions 
for clinicians and researchers is just the 
beginning of our industry leadership. As we 
grow into one of the top five largest medical 
technology companies in the world, we are 
also leading in areas that are critical to the 
future of our industry and to society at-large. 
This is evident in our approach to emerging 
worldwide health concerns, such as 
antimicrobial resistance (AMR), which current 
trends project could cause up to 10 million 

50% of antibiotic use in the U.S. is 
unnecessary.

deaths annually by 2050, surpassing deaths 
currently caused by cancer. To combat AMR, 
we have mobilized our internal teams across 
the company’s businesses, regions and 
functions to integrate our unique combination 
of expertise and solutions across infection 
prevention, diagnostics and surveillance. We 
are also engaging with external partners 
around the world through the new “I’m a 
Resistance Fighter™” AMR campaign, where 
BD is building a global coalition of 
organizations, clinicians and patients taking 
actionable steps to combat AMR. 

Revenue by geography

(billions of dollars)

 United States 

$6.5

 Europe

$2.6  Greater Asia
$1.7

Other (Canada, Latin America, and EMA, which includes the  

Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa) $1.3 

Revenue by segment

(billions of dollars)

Biosciences

Medication and 
Procedural Solutions

$8.1

BD 

Medical

$4.0

BD Life  
Sciences

 

Diagnostic Systems

1 .1

$

 

$1.4 

$12.1

Total BD Revenue

.

 
5
1
$

 

 

Preanalytical  
Systems

 $
1.1

 $1.3  

$
3.
 
5

$2.3

Medication  
Management Solutions

Values in this exhibit reﬂect rounded numbers.

Diabetes Care

Pharmaceutical Systems

We also take seriously the role we play as 
leaders in the communities where we live and 
work. BD committed up to $800,000 in cash 
and/or product donations to be shared 
among our charitable partners to assist those 
impacted by the hurricanes, flooding and 
wildfires that affected the U.S. and Puerto 
Rico in 2017. We are humbled by the 
incredible perseverance and dedication our 
more than 600 associates in Puerto Rico 
demonstrated to restore our operations 
following Hurricane Maria, many working 
tirelessly to put our customers’ and patients’ 
needs ahead of their own. 

Partnership and 
collaboration

Finding solutions to current and future 
challenges requires partnership and 
collaboration with other global leaders. 
In 2017, the BD Helping Build Healthy 
Communities™ partnership was selected as 
one of three winners for the Healthy10 Healthy 
Community award from the U.S. Chamber of 
Commerce Foundation. In conjunction with 

Direct Relief and the National Association of 
Community Health Centers (NACHC), we 
announced the successful results of a four-year 
effort to improve access and quality of care  
at community health centers across the U.S., 
and we launched a new effort focused on 
enhancing the medication management  
process.
We also remain focused on supporting priority 
health needs that are aligned with the U.N. 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The 
BD 2020 Sustainability Goals are one of many 
ways we contribute to the SDGs through our 
focus on collaborating with the public and 
non-profit sectors, developing innovative 
products, expanding access to quality health 
services, driving environmental stewardship 
and empowering our associates. We are 
making solid progress toward our 2020 
Sustainability Goals and look forward to 
sharing more highlights in the coming months.
The health of our planet impacts the health 
of humans, so we continue to take action and 
form partnerships to tackle environmental 
challenges, such as reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions across our value chain. We are 
taking measures to increase climate resilience 

and investing in renewable energy, and I’m 
proud to report that 98 percent of electric 
power used by our operations in the U.S. is 
obtained from renewable sources. 

Fiscal year 2017 
financial results

Fiscal 2017 once again proved the strength  
of your investment in BD as we continued  
to deliver consistent results in line with our 
commitments. We grew revenues after 
accounting for divestitures, drove underlying 
margin expansion and delivered strong 
adjusted earnings per share (EPS) growth—
all while overcoming multiple headwinds.

In highlighting some of our key achievements 
in fiscal 2017, I would first point to the 
successful transformation of the U.S. 
dispensing business model. Our strategy for 
end-to-end medication management is 
resonating with customers, and we are 
continuing to see sales growth as customers 
understand the benefits of our 
integrated offering.

Second, emerging markets continue to be a 
key growth driver for BD. Our momentum in 
China and the broader emerging markets is 
reflected in our strong fiscal 2017 
performance in both segments. 
Third, we are extremely pleased with the 
excellent progress we continue to make with 
our CareFusion cost synergies. We continue  
to expect approximately $350 million dollars 
in total CareFusion cost synergies as we exit 
fiscal year 2018. 
Finally and perhaps most exciting, we are 
making excellent progress in preparing for the 
integration of BD and Bard. We are energized 
by the opportunities we will have to bring more 
comprehensive, clinically relevant solutions to 
customers and patients around the globe.  

Creating a new 
healthcare leader

Bringing together Bard and BD will create  
a new healthcare leader—one of the five 
largest medical technology companies in  
the world. And while the scale of the new  
BD will create an even more valuable partner 
for our customers, scale alone doesn’t 
signify strength. 
The power of the two companies stems  
from the combined focus of each legacy 
organization and bringing together different, 
yet very complementary approaches and 
cultures. Historically, BD has largely focused 
on process improvement in healthcare. By 
improving clinician, laboratory scientist and 
researchers’ workflows, we support improved 
outcomes, safety and efficiency, all while 
reducing costs. 
Bard has built its legacy by focusing on 
disease states and providing some of the best 
clinical solutions and treatments for areas 
such as peripheral vascular disease, urology, 
hernia and cancer, which complements the 
similar focus BD has on diabetes care. Both 
companies have long believed in the power  
of data to demonstrate how improvements  
in clinical outcomes reduce the cost of care.
By combining Bard’s clinical focus on  
disease states with BD’s focus on process 
improvement, we will build a world-class 
medical technology leader that becomes an 
invaluable resource for hospitals and health 

Through all of this growth and change, one 
thing remains constant at BD—our 
unwavering commitment to doing what is 
right. We are guided by our core set of values 
that help ensure we don’t put company 
results above company principles. This is one 
area that we will never change.
Fiscal 2017 was another transformative year 
for BD, and I am truly looking forward to what 
lies ahead. As much as BD has been able to 
affect positive change in healthcare for the 
past 120 years, we continue to strengthen our 
ability and leadership in our industry. At BD, 
we will continue to drive forward and 
innovate because we know there is a patient 
at the end of everything we do, counting on 
us. Thank you for your continued investment 
and belief in our purpose of advancing the 
world of health. We have much to look 
forward to together. 

 
Sincerely,

Vincent A. Forlenza
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer

systems. As healthcare providers continue to 
consolidate, they are looking for partners that 
not only bring products and solutions but the 
expertise around the delivery of care and the 
treatment of disease, from both a clinical and 
economical perspective. BD and Bard bring 
this unique combination.

Creating a new healthcare industry leader 
requires strong leaders as part of the 
management team. Last year, we promoted 
Tom Polen to President of BD, overseeing 
both the Medical and Life Sciences segments, 
Americas sales and R&D. He will also oversee 
the Interventional segment as Bard joins BD. 
Following the completion of the Bard 
transaction, Samarat (Sam) Khichi will serve 
as Executive Vice President and General 
Counsel, leading an expert Law Group for BD. 
Sam will join us from Bard to replace our dear 
friend and colleague Jeff Sherman, who 
passed away in 2017 after a courageous 
battle with cancer. We very much look 
forward to welcoming Sam and more than 
two dozen other senior leaders from Bard to 
our leadership team upon close.

The ability to continue to strengthen our 
leadership team is a testament to the 
company’s focus on cultivating and 
developing talent across BD and our 
commitment to inclusion and diversity. I’m 
very proud to say that BD—for the first time 
ever—earned a perfect score in the Human 
Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2018 
Corporate Equality Index and was designated 
a “Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality.” 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES 

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2017 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-4802

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New Jersey

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

1 Becton Drive

Franklin Lakes, New Jersey

(Address of principal executive offices)

  
  

  

22-0760120

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

07417-1880
(Zip code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (201) 847-6800

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Common Stock, par value $1.00

  
  

Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Cumulative

Preferred Stock Series A

0.368% Notes due June 9, 2019

1.000% Notes due December 15, 2022
1.900% Notes due December 15, 2026

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange

New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 

        No  

        No  

Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been 
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  

        No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that 
the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  

        No  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 

contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting 
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and 
emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

 

 

   Accelerated filer

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

 

 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes  
As of March 31, 2017, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant 

        No  

was approximately $39,070,060,303.

As of October 31, 2017, 227,978,328 shares of the registrant’s common stock were outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference

Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held January 23, 2018 are incorporated by 

reference into Part III hereof.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I
Item 1. Business
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Executive Officers of the Registrant
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities
Item 6. Selected Financial Data
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Item 9B. Other Information
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
SIGNATURES
EXHIBIT INDEX

1
1
7
18
19
19
19
20
21
21

22
23
45
46
94
94
94
95
95
95
95
95
95
95
96
97
99

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

Item  1. Business.
General

PART I

Becton, Dickinson and Company (also known as “BD”) was incorporated under the laws of the State of 

New Jersey in November 1906, as successor to a New York business started in 1897. BD’s executive offices are 
located at 1 Becton Drive, Franklin Lakes, New Jersey 07417-1880, and its telephone number is 
(201) 847-6800. All references in this Form 10-K to “BD” refer to Becton, Dickinson and Company and its 
domestic and foreign subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated by the context. 

BD is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad 

range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare 
institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public.  
We provide customer solutions that are focused on improving medication management and patient safety; 
supporting infection prevention practices; equipping surgical and interventional procedures; improving drug 
delivery; aiding anesthesiology care; enhancing the diagnosis of infectious diseases and cancers; advancing 
cellular research and applications; and supporting the management of diabetes.

Business Segments

BD’s operations consist of two worldwide business segments: BD Medical and BD Life Sciences.  

Information with respect to BD’s business segments is included in Note 6 to the consolidated financial 
statements contained in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and is incorporated herein by 
reference. 

BD Medical
BD Medical produces a broad array of medical technologies and devices that are used to help improve 

healthcare delivery in a wide range of settings. The primary customers served by BD Medical are hospitals and 
clinics; physicians’ office practices; consumers and retail pharmacies; governmental and nonprofit public health 
agencies; pharmaceutical companies; and healthcare workers. BD Medical consists of the following 
organizational units:

Organizational Unit

Diabetes Care

Principal Product Lines

Syringes, pen needles and other products related to the injection
or infusion of insulin and other drugs used in the treatment of
diabetes.

Medication and Procedural Solutions Needles, syringes and intravenous catheters for medication

Medication Management Solutions

Pharmaceutical Systems

delivery (including safety-engineered and auto-disable devices);
prefilled IV flush syringes; regional anesthesia needles and
trays; sharps disposal containers; closed-system transfer
devices; skin antiseptic products; and surgical and laproscopic
instrumentation.
Intravenous medication safety and infusion therapy delivery 
systems, including infusion pumps and dedicated disposables; 
medication compounding workflow systems; automated 
medication dispensing;  automated supply management systems; 
medication inventory optimization and tracking systems; and 
analytics related to all the above products.
.
Prefillable drug delivery systems provided to pharmaceutical 
companies for use as containers for injectable pharmaceutical 
products, which are then placed on the market as drug/device 
combinations.

1

BD Life Sciences
BD Life Sciences provides products for the safe collection and transport of diagnostics specimens, and 

instruments and reagent systems to detect a broad range of infectious diseases, healthcare-associated infections 
(“HAIs”) and cancers.  In addition, BD Life Sciences produces research and clinical tools that facilitate the 
study of cells, and the components of cells, to gain a better understanding of normal and disease processes.  
That information is used to aid the discovery and development of new drugs and vaccines, and to improve the 
diagnosis and management of diseases.  The primary customers served by BD Life Sciences are hospitals, 
laboratories and clinics; blood banks; healthcare workers; public health agencies; physicians’ office practices; 
academic and government institutions; and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.  BD Life Sciences 
consists of the following organizational units:

Organizational Unit

Preanalytical Systems

Diagnostic Systems

Biosciences

Principal Product Lines

Integrated systems for specimen collection; and safety-engineered blood
collection products and systems.
Automated blood culturing and tuberculosis culturing systems; molecular
testing systems for infectious diseases and women’s health;
microorganism identification and drug susceptibility systems; liquid-
based cytology systems for cervical cancer screening; rapid diagnostic
assays; microbiology laboratory automation; and plated media.
Fluorescence-activated cell sorters and analyzers; monoclonal antibodies
and kits for performing cell analysis; reagent systems for life science
research; molecular indexing and next-generation sequencing sample
preparation for genomics research; clinical oncology, immunological
(HIV) and transplantation diagnostic/monitoring reagents and analyzers;
and cell culture media supplements for biopharmaceutical manufacturing.

Acquisitions 

Definitive Agreement to Acquire C. R. Bard, Inc.  

On April 23, 2017, BD entered into a definitive agreement (the “Merger Agreement”) under which BD 
will acquire C.R. Bard, Inc. (“Bard”) to create a highly differentiated medical technology company uniquely 
positioned to improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease for patients and healthcare 
providers.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of Bard common stock will be 

converted into the right to receive $222.93 in cash, without interest, and 0.5077 of a share of BD’s common 
stock. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals, as well as customary closing conditions, and is 
expected to close in the fourth calendar quarter of 2017. BD plans to finance the transaction with the issuance of 
BD’s common stock to Bard’s shareholders and available cash on hand, which will include net proceeds raised 
in the third quarter through equity and debt transactions.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not 

complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is 
included as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by BD on April 24, 2017.

Acquisition of CareFusion Corporation

On March 17, 2015, BD completed the acquisition of CareFusion Corporation (“CareFusion”), a global 

medical technology company with a comprehensive portfolio of products in the areas of medication 
management, infection prevention, operating room and procedural effectiveness, and respiratory care. The 
CareFusion acquisition positioned BD as a global leader in medication management. 

2

Acquisition of remaining interest in Caesarea Medical Electronics

Upon its acquisition of CareFusion, BD acquired a 40% ownership interest in Caesarea Medical 

Electronics ("CME"), an Israeli-based global infusion pump systems manufacturer. On April 3, 2017, BD 
acquired the remaining 60% ownership interest in CME.

Additional information regarding these acquisitions is contained in Note 9 to the consolidated financial 

statements contained in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by 
reference. 

Divestiture

In March 2016, BD signed a definitive agreement to sell 50.1% of its Respiratory Solutions business and 

form a joint venture with respect to this business.  The Respiratory Solutions business was acquired in the 
CareFusion acquisition in 2015 and was a component of the Medical segment.  Upon closing of the transaction, 
which occurred on October 3, 2016, the Company transferred the Respiratory Solutions business to a new 
standalone entity, retaining a 49.9% non-controlling interest in the new entity.  The buyer controls the 
operations and governance of the new entity.   Additional information regarding this transaction is contained in 
Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

International Operations

BD’s products are manufactured and sold worldwide. For reporting purposes, we organize our operations 
outside the United States as follows: Europe, EMA (which includes the Commonwealth of Independent States, 
the Middle East and Africa); Greater Asia (which includes Japan and Asia Pacific); Latin America (which 
includes Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean and South America); and Canada. The principal products sold 
by BD outside the United States are hypodermic needles and syringes; insulin syringes and pen needles; BD 
Hypak™ brand prefillable syringe systems; infusion therapy products including Alaris™ infusion pumps; 
pharmacy automation equipment including Pyxis™ systems; BD Vacutainer™ brand blood collection products; 
diagnostic systems and laboratory equipment and products; flow cytometry instruments and reagents. BD has 
manufacturing operations outside the United States in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Canada, China, 
Dominican Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, 
Singapore, Spain, and the United Kingdom. Geographic information with respect to BD’s operations is included 
under the heading “Geographic Information” in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Foreign economic conditions and exchange rate fluctuations have caused the profitability related to 

foreign revenues to fluctuate more than the profitability related to domestic revenues. BD believes its activities 
in some countries outside the United States involve greater risk than its domestic business due to the factors 
cited herein, as well as the economic environment, local commercial and economic policies and political 
uncertainties. See further discussion of this risk in Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Distribution

BD’s products are marketed and distributed in the United States and internationally through independent 
distribution channels, and directly to end-users by BD and independent sales representatives. Order backlog is 
not material to BD’s business inasmuch as orders for BD products generally are received and filled on a current 
basis, except for items temporarily out of stock. BD’s worldwide sales are not generally seasonal, with the 
exception of certain medical devices in the Medication and Procedural Solutions organizational unit, and 
diagnostic products in the Diagnostic Systems organizational unit, which relate to seasonal diseases such as 
influenza.

3

Raw Materials and Components

BD purchases many different types of raw materials and components, including plastics, glass, metals, 

textiles, paper products, agricultural products, electronic and mechanical sub-assemblies and various biological, 
chemical and petrochemical products. BD seeks to ensure continuity of supply by securing multiple options for 
sourcing. However, there are situations where raw materials and components are only available from one 
supplier, which are referred to as sole sourced. The use of sole sourced materials and components may be due to 
sourcing of proprietary and/or patented technology and processes that are intended to provide a unique market 
differentiation to our product. In other cases, while a raw material or component can be sourced from multiple 
manufacturers, only one supplier is qualified due to quality assurance, cost or other considerations. In order to 
provide alternate sources, BD must complete a rigorous qualification process, which most often includes 
completion of regulatory registration and approval. If clinical trials are not required, this qualification process 
can take 3-18 months depending on the criticality of the change. When clinical trials are required, this process 
may lengthen the qualification phase from one to three years. BD continuously assesses its sole sourced raw 
materials and components, and maintains business continuity plans with our suppliers. BD’s continuity plans 
may include securing secondary supply with alternate suppliers, qualification of alternate manufacturing 
facilities, maintaining contingency stock, internal development of supply and establishment of technology 
escrow accounts. While BD works closely with its suppliers, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be 
successful, and there may be events that cause supply interruption, reduction or termination that adversely 
impacts BD’s ability to manufacture and sell certain products.

Research and Development

BD conducts its research and development (“R&D”) activities at its operating units and at BD 

Technologies in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. The majority of BD’s R&D activities are conducted in 
North America. Outside North America, BD primarily conducts R&D activities in China, France, India, Ireland 
and Singapore. BD also collaborates with certain universities, medical centers and other entities on R&D 
programs and retains individual consultants and partners to support its efforts in specialized fields.  BD spent 
approximately $774 million, $828 million and $632 million on research and development during the fiscal years 
ended September 30, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.

Intellectual Property and Licenses

BD owns significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, 

know-how, copyrights and trademarks in the United States and other countries. BD is also licensed under 
domestic and foreign patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how, copyrights and 
trademarks owned by others. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets and licenses are of material 
importance to BD’s business. BD believes, however, that no single patent, technology, trademark, intellectual 
property asset or license is material in relation to BD’s business as a whole, or to any business segment.

Competition

BD operates in the increasingly complex and challenging medical technology marketplace. Technological 

advances and scientific discoveries have accelerated the pace of change in medical technology, the regulatory 
environment of medical products is becoming more complex and vigorous, and economic conditions have 
resulted in a challenging market. Companies of varying sizes compete in the global medical technology field. 
Some are more specialized than BD with respect to particular markets, and some have greater financial 
resources than BD. New companies have entered the field, particularly in the areas of molecular diagnostics, 
safety-engineered devices and in the life sciences, and established companies have diversified their business 
activities into the medical technology area. Other firms engaged in the distribution of medical technology 
products have become manufacturers of medical devices and instruments as well. Acquisitions and 
collaborations by and among companies seeking a competitive advantage also affect the competitive 
environment. In addition, the entry into the market of low-cost manufacturers are creating increased pricing 
pressures. Some competitors have also established manufacturing sites or have contracted with suppliers located 
in these countries as a means to lower their costs. 

4

BD competes in this evolving marketplace on the basis of many factors, including price, quality, 

innovation, service, reputation, distribution and promotion. The impact of these factors on BD’s competitive 
position varies among BD’s various product offerings. In order to remain competitive in the industries in which 
it operates, BD continues to make investments in research and development, quality management, quality 
improvement, product innovation and productivity improvement in support of its core strategies.

Third-Party Reimbursement

A majority of BD’s customers rely on third-party payers, including government programs and private 

health insurance plans, to reimburse some or all of the cost of the procedures, products and services they 
provide. Our technologies are subject to worldwide regulations regarding reimbursement developed by 
government agencies, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) in the United States; 
the National Health Service in the United Kingdom; the Joint Federal Committee in Germany; the Commission 
d’Evaluation des Produits et prestations in France; the Ministry for Health, Labor and Welfare in Japan; the 
Ministry of Health and the National Development and Reform Commission in China; among many others. In 
addition, our technologies are also subject to reimbursement policies issued by private insurance companies and 
managed care organizations.

BD is actively engaged in identifying and communicating value propositions of its products for payer, 

provider, and patient stakeholders, and it employs various efforts and resources to attempt to positively impact 
coverage, coding and payment pathways. However, BD has no direct control over payer decision-making with 
respect to coverage and payment levels for BD products. The manner and level of reimbursement in any given 
case may depend on the site of care, the procedure(s) performed, the final patient diagnosis, the device(s) and/or 
drug(s) utilized, the available budget, or a combination of these factors, and coverage and payment levels are 
determined at each payer’s discretion. As BD’s product offerings are diverse across a variety of healthcare 
settings, they are affected to varying degrees by the many payment pathways that impact the decisions of 
healthcare providers regarding which medical products they purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for 
those products. Therefore, changes in reimbursement levels or methods may either positively or negatively 
impact sales of BD products in any given country for any given product.

As government programs seek to expand healthcare coverage for their citizens, they have at the same time 

sought to control costs by limiting the amount of reimbursement they will pay for particular procedures, 
products or services. Many third-party payers have developed specific payment and delivery mechanisms to 
support these cost control efforts and to focus on paying for value. These mechanisms include payment 
reductions, pay for performance measures, quality-based performance payments, restrictive coverage policies, 
bidding and tender mechanics, studies to compare the effectiveness of therapies and use of technology 
assessments. These changes have created an increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective and 
quality-driven healthcare. 

In addition, as a result of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (“PPACA”), the U.S. is 

implementing value based payment methodologies and seeking to create alternative payment models such as 
bundled payments to continue to drive improved value. We see other governments around the world considering 
similar bundling reform measures, including the development of the Diagnosis Related Group (“DRG”) as a 
payment mechanism to drive toward quality and resource based reimbursement.

Regulation

BD’s medical technology products and operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug 

Administration (“FDA”) and various other federal and state agencies, as well as by foreign governmental 
agencies. These agencies enforce laws and regulations that govern the development, testing, manufacturing, 
labeling, advertising, marketing and distribution, and market surveillance of BD’s medical products. The scope 
of the activities of these agencies, particularly in the Europe, Japan, and Asia Pacific regions in which BD 
operates, has been increasing.

5

BD actively maintains FDA/ISO Quality Systems that establish standards for its product design, 

manufacturing, and distribution processes. Prior to marketing or selling most of its products, BD must secure 
approval from the FDA and counterpart non-U.S. regulatory agencies. Following the introduction of a product, 
these agencies engage in periodic reviews and inspections of BD’s quality systems, as well as product 
performance and advertising and promotional materials. These regulatory controls, as well as any changes in 
FDA policies, can affect the time and cost associated with the development, introduction and continued 
availability of new products. Where possible, BD anticipates these factors in its product development and 
planning processes. These agencies possess the authority to take various administrative and legal actions against 
BD, such as product recalls, product seizures and other civil and criminal sanctions. BD also undertakes 
voluntary compliance actions, such as voluntary recalls.

BD also is subject to various federal and state laws, and laws outside the United States, concerning 
healthcare fraud and abuse (including false claims laws and anti-kickback laws), global anti-corruption, 
transportation, safety and health, and customs and exports. Many of the agencies enforcing these laws have 
increased their enforcement activities with respect to medical device manufacturers in recent years. This appears 
to be part of a general trend toward increased regulation and enforcement activity within and outside the United 
States.

In addition, as part of PPACA, the federal government has enacted the Sunshine Act provisions requiring 

BD to publicly report gifts and payments made to physicians and teaching hospitals. Failure to comply  with 
these provisions could result in a range of fines, penalties and/or other sanctions.

Our infusion pump organizational unit is operating under an amended consent decree entered into by 

CareFusion with the FDA in 2007. CareFusion’s consent decree with the FDA related to its Alaris™ SE infusion 
pumps. In February 2009, CareFusion and the FDA amended the consent decree to include all infusion pumps 
manufactured by or for CareFusion 303, Inc., the organizational unit that manufactures and sells infusion pumps 
in the United States. The amended consent decree does not apply to intravenous administration sets and 
accessories.

While this BD organizational unit remains subject to the amended consent decree, which includes the 

requirements of the original consent decree, it has made substantial progress in its compliance efforts. However, 
we cannot predict the outcome of this matter, and the amended consent decree authorizes the FDA, in the event 
of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing infusion pumps, recall 
products and take other actions. We may be required to pay damages of $15,000 per day per violation if we fail 
to comply with any provision of the amended consent decree, up to $15 million per year.

We also cannot currently predict whether additional monetary investment will be incurred to resolve this 

matter or the matter’s ultimate impact on our business. We may be obligated to pay more costs in the future 
because, among other things, the FDA may determine that we are not fully compliant with the amended consent 
decree and therefore impose penalties under the amended consent decree, and/or we may be subject to future 
proceedings and litigation relating to the matters addressed in the amended consent decree. As of September 30, 
2017, we do not believe that a loss is probable in connection with the amended consent decree, and accordingly, 
we have no accruals associated with compliance with the amended consent decree.

For further discussion of risks relating to the regulations to which we are subject, see Item 1A. Risk 

Factors.

Employees

As of September 30, 2017, BD had 41,933 employees, of which 17,497 were employed in the U.S. 

(including Puerto Rico).  BD believes that its employee relations are satisfactory.

6

Available Information

BD maintains a website at www.bd.com. BD also makes available its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, its 
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and its Current Reports on Form 8-K (and amendments to those reports) as 
soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These filings may be obtained and printed free of charge at www.bd.com/
investors. In addition, the written charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Management 
Development Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Executive Committee and 
the Science, Marketing, Innovation and Technology Committee of the Board of Directors, BD’s Corporate 
Governance Principles and its Code of Conduct, are available and may be printed free of charge at BD’s website 
at www.bd.com/investors/corporate_governance/. Printed copies of these materials, this 2017 Annual Report on 
Form 10-K, and BD’s reports and statements filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, may also be obtained, without 
charge, by contacting the Corporate Secretary, BD, 1 Becton Drive, Franklin Lakes, New Jersey 07417-1880, 
telephone 201-847-6800. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and 
information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at 
www.sec.gov. 

BD also routinely posts important information for investors on its website at www.bd.com/investors. BD 

may use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with its 
disclosure obligations under Regulation FD adopted by the SEC. Accordingly, investors should monitor the 
Investor Relations portion of BD’s website noted above, in addition to following BD’s press releases, SEC 
filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Our website and the information contained therein or 
connected thereto shall not be deemed to be incorporated into this Annual Report.

Forward-Looking Statements

BD and its representatives may from time-to-time make certain forward-looking statements in publicly-

released materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the SEC and in its 
reports to shareholders. Additional information regarding BD’s forward-looking statements is contained in 
Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
 

Item  1A. 

Risk Factors.

An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the 
significant risks that could adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows.

Risks Relating to BD

A downturn in global economic conditions could adversely affect our operations.
Deterioration in the global economic environment, particularly in emerging markets and countries with 
government-sponsored healthcare systems, may cause decreased demand for our products and services and 
increased competition, which could result in lower sales volume and downward pressure on the prices for our 
products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies. A weakening of macroeconomic 
conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions in supply. We have also 
previously experienced delays in collecting government receivables in certain countries in Western Europe due 
to economic conditions, and we may experience similar delays in the future in these and other countries or 
regions experiencing financial problems.

7

The medical technology industry is very competitive.
We are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of companies. These include 
large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and 
marketing resources than we do, and firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular 
markets or product lines. We face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our 
products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, price, 
services and other factors. In addition, we face changing customer preferences and requirements, including 
increased customer demand for more environmentally-friendly products.
The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery. The development 
of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection 
technology) may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. In some instances, 
competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies 
for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. The entry into the market of manufacturers 
located in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations has also created pricing pressure, particularly in 
developing markets.

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk.
A substantial amount of our revenues are derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a 
significant portion of our sales will continue to come from outside the U.S. in the future. The revenues we 
report with respect to our operations outside the United States may be adversely affected by fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates. A discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways 
and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in Item 7., Management’s Discussion of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion 
of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We 
cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can 
mitigate these risks.

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers could affect the demand for our products and 
the prices at which they are sold.
Our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by 
government authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs of our products. The coverage 
policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and 
by country, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those 
products in a particular jurisdiction. Reimbursement rates can also affect the acceptance rate of new 
technologies and products. Legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems in the United States 
or abroad, changes in reimbursement rates by private payers, or adverse decisions relating to our products by 
administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or 
result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which would adversely affect customer demand or the 
price customers are willing to pay for such products. See “Third-Party Reimbursement” under Item 1., 
Business.

The reinstatement of the PPACA's medical device tax may adversely affect our results of operations.
The PPACA imposes on medical device manufacturers, such as BD, a 2.3% excise tax on U.S. sales of certain 
medical devices. While the excise tax has been suspended until the end of 2017, absent further legislative 
action, it will be reinstated in 2018.

8

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our future revenues and operating 
income.
The medical technology industry has experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies 
with greater market presence.  Health care systems and other health care companies are also consolidating, 
resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies.  As a result, competition among medical device 
suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. Group purchasing organizations and integrated health 
delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to 
downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could intensify 
competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the prices of our products.

Cost volatility could adversely affect our operations.
Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, 
freight and energy that increases the costs of producing and distributing our products. New laws or regulations 
adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy costs as well as the costs of certain raw 
materials and components.  In particular, we purchase supplies of resins, which are oil-based components used 
in the manufacture of certain products, and any significant increases in resin costs could adversely impact future 
operating results.  Increases in oil prices can also increase our packaging and transportation costs. We may not 
be able to offset any increases in these operational costs.

Breaches of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-
day operations, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential information. In 
addition, some of our products include information technology that collects data regarding patients and patient 
therapy on behalf of our customers and some connect to our systems for maintenance purposes.  Our 
information technology systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, cyber- or phishing- 
attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be 
subject to similar attacks in the future. In addition to our own information, in the course of doing business, we 
sometimes store information with third parties that could be subject to these types of attacks.  Cyber-attacks 
could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed or stolen.  Likewise, 
we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences including increased 
costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, and adverse impact on our 
relationships with vendors, business partners and customers.  Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or 
interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of 
data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions.  Cyber-attacks could result in unauthorized 
access to our systems and products which could also result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation.  
While we will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect the company against unauthorized access to 
our systems and work with government authorities to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, cyber-
attacks are becoming more sophisticated frequent, and adaptive. There can be no assurances that our protective 
measures will prevent future attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no 
assurance that such products will be developed.
A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product 
development.  New product development requires significant investment in research and development, clinical 
trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of 
factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, 
successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and 
abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for 
our products, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. In addition, patents attained by others 
can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in 
development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain 
regulatory approval or gain market acceptance.

9

We cannot guarantee that any of our strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be successful.
We may seek to supplement our internal growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. Such 
transactions are inherently risky, and the integration of any newly-acquired business requires significant effort 
and management attention. The success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number 
of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully 
integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. There can be no assurance that any past or 
future transaction will be successful.

The international operations of our business may subject us to certain business risks.
A substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the United States, and we intend to continue 
to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. Our foreign operations 
subject us to certain risks, including the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), 
the effects of local economic and political conditions, U.S. relations with the governments of the foreign 
countries in which we operate, foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, local product 
preferences and product requirements, longer payment terms for account receivables than we experience in the 
U.S., difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, differing labor regulations, potential 
changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws, weakening or loss of the protection 
of intellectual property rights in some countries, import or export licensing requirements, trade protection 
measures and restrictions on the transfer of capital across borders. The success of our operations outside the 
United States depends, in part, on our ability to acquire or form and maintain alliances with local companies and 
make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and 
distribution networks.
In addition, our international operations are governed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar 
anti-corruption laws outside the U.S. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in 
recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by U.S. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition 
of significant fines and penalties. While we have implemented policies and procedures to enhance compliance 
with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign 
governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by 
employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject 
us to government investigations, significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect 
our reputation.
Under the U.S. tax code, we may also be subject to additional taxation to the extent we repatriate earnings from 
our foreign operations to the U.S. In the event we require more capital in the United States than is generated by 
our U.S. operations to fund acquisitions or other activities and elect to repatriate earnings from foreign 
jurisdictions, our effective tax rate may be higher as a result.  Recently in the United States, there have been 
legislative proposals to tax profits that are earned abroad.  These, and other proposals for fundamental U.S. 
corporate tax reform, if enacted, could have a material impact on our financial results. 
The June 2016 referendum result in the United Kingdom (“UK”) to exit the European Union (“EU”) 
(commonly known as “Brexit”) and the subsequent triggering by the UK government in March 2017 of Article 
50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which commenced the UK’s official withdrawal process from the EU, has created 
uncertainties affecting business operations in the UK and the EU.  Following the referendum, there was a 
significant decline in the value of the British pound compared to the U.S. dollar, and continued volatility in 
exchange rates and economic conditions is expected as the UK negotiates its exit from the EU.  Until the terms 
of the UK’s exit from the EU are determined, it is difficult to predict its impact but it is possible that the 
withdrawal could, among other things, affect the legal and regulatory schemes to which our businesses are 
subject, impact trade between the UK and the EU and other parties and create economic and political 
uncertainty in the region.
There have also been recent proposals for the U.S. to significantly modify or withdraw from certain existing 
international trade agreements, including the North American Free Trade Agreement.  While we cannot predict 
whether any such changes will be implemented, it is possible that changes to international trade agreements 
could materially impact our business.

10

Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect our business.
We sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, 
government laboratories and private foundations.  Research and development spending of our customers can 
fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. A number of these customers are also 
dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of 
Health (“NIH”) and agencies in other countries. The level of government funding of research and development 
is unpredictable.  For instance, there have been instances where NIH grants have been frozen or otherwise 
unavailable for extended periods.  The availability of governmental research funding may be adversely affected 
by economic conditions and governmental spending reductions. Any reduction or delay in governmental 
funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products.

A reduction or interruption in the supply of certain raw materials and components would adversely affect 
our manufacturing operations and related product sales.
We purchase many different types of raw materials and components used in our products. Certain raw materials 
and components are not available from multiple sources. In addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness 
and other reasons, we elect to purchase certain raw materials and components from sole suppliers. The supply of 
these materials can be disrupted for a number of reasons, including economic conditions as described above. 
While we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be given that these efforts will 
be successful. In addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not 
be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. The 
termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these sole-sourced raw materials and components could 
adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products.

Interruption of our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our future revenues and operating 
income.
We have manufacturing sites all over the world. In some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our 
product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. Damage to one or more of these facilities from 
weather or natural disasters, or issues in our manufacturing process, equipment failure or other factors, could 
adversely affect our ability to manufacture these products, resulting in lost revenues and damage to our 
relationships with customers.  In particular, damage to our manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico resulting 
from Hurricane Maria in September 2017 could adversely impact our revenue and earnings results for fiscal 
year 2018.

We are subject to lawsuits.
We are or have been a defendant in a number of lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits for alleged 
antitrust violations and suits alleging patent infringement, and could be subject to additional lawsuits in the 
future. A more detailed description of these lawsuits is contained in note 5 to the consolidated financial 
statements included in Item 8., Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Given the uncertain nature of 
litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an 
unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. In view of these uncertainties, we could incur 
charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. 
Any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our results of 
operations and cash flows.

We are subject to extensive regulation.
Our operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal and international laws relating to 
healthcare, environmental protection, antitrust, anti-corruption, marketing, fraud and abuse (including anti-
kickback and false claims laws), export control, employment and other areas. Violations of these laws can result 
in criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines and, in some cases, exclusion from participation in 
health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid.  Environmental laws, particularly with respect to the 
emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our 
costs of operations or necessitate changes in our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or 
result in liability to BD. The enactment of additional laws in the future may increase our compliance costs or 
otherwise adversely impact our operations.

11

We are also subject to extensive regulation by the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 
by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. Most of 
our products must receive clearance or approval from the FDA or counterpart regulatory agencies in other 
countries before they can be marketed or sold. The process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may 
take a significant period of time and require the expenditure of substantial resources, and these have been 
increasing due to increased requirements from the FDA for supporting data for submissions. The process may 
also require changes to our products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of the products. Governmental 
agencies may also impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may 
require us to modify or re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our 
products in those countries. Once clearance or approval has been obtained for a product, there is an obligation to 
ensure that all applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements continue to be met. Following the introduction 
of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product performance. 
Our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting, clinical trial 
and other requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our 
products and result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, closure of manufacturing sites, 
seizures or recalls of products and damage to our reputation. More stringent oversight by the FDA and other 
agencies in recent years has resulted in increased enforcement activity, which increases the compliance risk for 
us and other companies in our industry.
As a result of the CareFusion acquisition, we are operating under a consent decree with the FDA that was 
entered into by CareFusion in 2009, that affects our infusion pump business in the United States.  For more 
information regarding the consent decree, see “Regulation” under Item 1, “Business”.
Defects or quality issues associated with our products could adversely affect the results of our operations.
The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or 
design defects, unapproved use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to 
the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. These events could lead to recalls or safety 
alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in 
other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could 
result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and 
federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation 
that could reduce future demand for our products. Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also 
result in significant product liability claims being brought against us. In some circumstances, such adverse 
events could also cause delays in regulatory approval of new products.
Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets.
Many of our businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property assets. These intellectual 
property assets, in the aggregate, are of material importance to our business. We can lose the protection afforded 
by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. Patents 
attained by competitors, particularly as patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our 
competitive position. In addition, competitors may seek to invalidate patents on our products or claim that our 
products infringe upon their intellectual property, which could result in a loss of competitive advantage or the 
payment of significant legal fees, damage awards and past or future royalties, as well as injunctions against 
future sales of our products. We also operate in countries that do not protect intellectual property rights to the 
same extent as in the U.S., which could make it easier for competitors to compete with us in those countries. 
The loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on 
our earnings, financial condition or cash flows.

12

Natural disasters, war and other events could adversely affect our future revenues and operating income.
Natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts, and 
actions taken by the United States and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such 
events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the United States and 
areas outside of the United States in which we operate. These events could result in decreased demand for our 
products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for or cause 
interruptions in the supply of materials from our suppliers.
We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive.
Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives and other key 
employees, including people in technical, marketing, sales and research positions. Competition for experienced 
employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. Our ability to recruit such talent will 
depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. If 
we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely 
affected.

We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits and cost savings resulting from our acquisition of 
CareFusion.
While we have realized significant cost savings to date in connection with our acquisition of CareFusion in 
2015, achieving additional cost synergies may prove more difficult than expected, and it is possible that the 
anticipated cost synergies of the merger may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected.

Risks Relating To Our Acquisition of Bard
Completion of the Bard acquisition is subject to conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or 
waived, the Bard acquisition will not be completed.
The obligations of us and Bard to complete the Bard acquisition are subject to satisfaction or waiver of a 
number of conditions, the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period in connection with the 
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”), the receipt of any 
authorization or consent from certain other governmental authorities required to be obtained with respect to the 
merger under applicable foreign antitrust laws, approval of the listing on the NYSE of shares of our common 
stock to be issued in the Bard acquisition, and the absence of an injunction prohibiting the Bard acquisition. 
Each party’s obligation to complete the Bard acquisition is subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent 
permitted under applicable law) of certain other customary conditions, the accuracy of the representations and 
warranties of the other party under the Merger Agreement (subject to the materiality standards set forth in the 
Merger Agreement), the performance by the other party of its respective obligations under the Merger 
Agreement in all material respects and delivery of officer certificates by the other party certifying satisfaction of 
the two preceding conditions.  Either we or Bard may, subject to certain exceptions, terminate the Merger 
Agreement upon mutual consent or if the Bard acquisition has not been consummated on or before January 23, 
2018 (or before April 23, 2018 if all closing conditions have been satisfied other than the receipt of required 
competition approvals).
The failure to satisfy all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the Bard acquisition for a 
significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. If the Bard acquisition is not completed, our ongoing 
business may be materially adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the 
Bard acquisition, we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following:

• 
• 

• 

the market price of our common stock could decline;
if the Merger Agreement is terminated and our board of directors seeks another business combination, 
our stockholders cannot be certain that we will be able to find a party willing to enter into a transaction 
on terms equivalent to or more attractive than the terms that Bard has agreed to in the Merger 
Agreement;
time and resources, financial and other, committed by our management to matters relating to the Bard 
acquisition could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities for our 
company;

13

•  we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets or from our customers or employees; 

and

•  we will be required to pay our respective costs relating to the Bard acquisition, including legal, 

accounting, financial advisory, financing and printing fees, whether or not the Bard acquisition is 
completed.

In addition, if the Bard acquisition is not completed, we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to 
complete the Bard acquisition or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our 
obligations under the Merger Agreement. The materialization of any of these risks could materially and 
adversely impact our ongoing business.
Similarly, any delay in completing the Bard acquisition could, among other things, result in additional 
transaction costs, loss of revenue or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the 
Bard acquisition and cause us not to realize some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the Bard 
acquisition is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. There can be no assurance that the 
conditions to the closing of the Bard acquisition will be satisfied or waived or that the Bard acquisition will be 
consummated.

In order to complete the Bard acquisition, we and Bard must make certain governmental filings and 
obtain certain governmental authorizations, and if such filings and authorizations are not made or 
granted or are granted with conditions, completion of the Bard acquisition may be jeopardized or the 
anticipated benefits of the Bard acquisition could be reduced.
Although we and Bard have agreed in the Merger Agreement to use reasonable best efforts, subject to certain 
limitations, to make certain governmental filings, to obtain the required expiration or termination of the waiting 
period under the HSR Act and to obtain any authorization or consent from certain other governmental 
authorities required to be obtained with respect to the merger under applicable foreign antitrust laws, there can 
be no assurance that such approvals will be obtained. As a condition to granting termination of the waiting 
period under the HSR Act and to adoption of approvals of the Bard acquisition, governmental authorities may 
impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of our 
business after completion of the Bard acquisition.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, we and our subsidiaries are required to 
accept certain conditions and take certain actions imposed by certain governmental authorities that would apply 
to, or affect, the businesses, assets or properties of us, our subsidiaries or Bard and its subsidiaries. There can be 
no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such 
conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of (i) delaying completion of the Bard 
acquisition, (ii) imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined 
company following the Bard acquisition, or (iii) otherwise adversely affecting our businesses and results of 
operations after completion of the Bard acquisition. In addition, we can provide no assurance that these 
conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the Bard acquisition.

Each party is subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the proposed merger is 
pending, which could adversely affect each party’s or the combined company’s business and operations.
In connection with the pendency of the Bard acquisition, it is possible that some customers, suppliers and other 
persons with whom we or Bard have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or 
might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us or Bard, as the case may be, 
as a result of the Bard acquisition, which could negatively affect our or Bard’s respective revenues, earnings and 
cash flows, regardless of whether the Bard acquisition is completed. If the Bard acquisition is completed, such 
terminations, changes or renegotiations could negatively affect the revenues, earnings and cash flows of the 
combined company. These risks may be exacerbated by delays or other adverse developments with respect to 
the completion of the Bard acquisition.

14

Combining the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the 
anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Bard acquisition may not be realized.
We and Bard have operated and, until the completion of the Bard acquisition, will continue to operate, 
independently. The success of the Bard acquisition, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, 
in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate our business with the business of Bard.
The Bard acquisition will involve the integration of Bard’s business with our existing business, which is a 
complex, costly and time-consuming process. It is possible that the pendency of the Bard acquisition and/or the 
integration process could result in material challenges, including, without limitation:

• 

the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at 
one or both of the companies as a result of the devotion of management’s attention to the Bard 
acquisition;

•  managing a larger combined company;
•  maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;
• 
• 

the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational 
relationships;
consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations and 
inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies;
coordinating geographically separate organizations;
unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems; and
unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the Bard acquisition.

• 

• 
• 
• 

Many of these factors will be outside of the combined company’s control and any one of them could result in 
delays, increased costs, decreases in revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could 
materially affect the combined company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
If we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the Bard acquisition may 
not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. These integration matters could have 
an adverse effect on (i) each of us and Bard during this transition period and (ii) the combined company for an 
undetermined period after completion of the Bard acquisition. In addition, the actual cost savings of the Bard 
acquisition could be less than anticipated.
In addition, certain risks associated with our industry and business described herein and in our public filings 
may become more significant following consummation of the Bard acquisition, including, but not limited to, 
risks relating to: the continued focus by third-party payors on cost containment and government scrutiny of the 
healthcare industry’s sales and marketing practices, various healthcare reform proposals that have emerged on 
the federal and state levels and in other jurisdictions where the combined company sells its products, collective 
bargaining and labor activity, and the integrity of our information systems that are run by third party vendors 
and such vendors’ ability to maintain their systems and reduce any vulnerability to natural and system 
disruptions and prevent cyber-attacks and other unauthorized access.

The future results of the combined company may be adversely impacted if the combined company does 
not effectively manage its expanded operations following the completion of the Bard acquisition.
Following the completion of the Bard acquisition, the size of the combined company’s business will be 
significantly larger than the current size of either our or Bard’s respective businesses. The combined company’s 
ability to successfully manage this expanded business will depend, in part, upon management’s ability to design 
and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two discrete companies, but also the 
increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. There 
can be no assurances that the combined company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating 
efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the Bard acquisition.

15

The combined company is expected to incur substantial expenses related to the completion of the Bard 
acquisition and the integration of BD and Bard.
We and Bard have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, a number of non-recurring costs associated with the 
Bard acquisition and combining the operations of the two companies. The substantial majority of non-recurring 
expenses will be comprised of transaction and regulatory costs related to the Bard acquisition.
We also will incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, 
including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. We continue to assess the 
magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the Bard acquisition and the 
integration of the two companies’ businesses. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as 
well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset 
integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.

In connection with the Bard acquisition, we have incurred significant additional indebtedness, and 
certain of Bard’s indebtedness will remain outstanding, which could adversely affect us, including by 
decreasing our business flexibility, and will increase our interest expense.
We have substantially increased our indebtedness in connection with the pending Bard acquisition through the 
incurrence of new indebtedness to finance the Bard acquisition and, following the Bard acquisition, through the 
assumption of Bard’s existing indebtedness, in comparison to our indebtedness on a recent historical basis, 
which could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and 
economic conditions and increasing our interest expense.
The amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels following completion of the 
Bard acquisition, and thus the demands on our cash resources, will be greater than the amount of cash flows 
required to service our indebtedness prior to the Bard acquisition. The increased levels of indebtedness 
following completion of the Bard acquisition could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital 
expenditures, acquisitions, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness as it becomes due and other 
general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with 
lower debt levels. In addition, certain of the indebtedness incurred in connection with the Bard acquisition bears 
interest at variable interest rates. If interest rates increase, variable rate debt will create higher debt service 
requirements, which could further adversely affect our cash flows. If we do not achieve the expected benefits 
and cost savings from the Bard acquisition, or if the financial performance of the combined company does not 
meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
In addition, our credit ratings affect the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of 
capital. Our ratings reflect each rating organization’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance 
and ability to meet our debt obligations. There can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or 
maintain a particular rating in the future or that we will be able to maintain our current rating. Furthermore, we 
expect that our combined company’s credit ratings will be lower following the Bard acquisition, including 
below “investment grade” by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., which may further increase the combined 
company’s future borrowing costs and reduce the combined company’s access to capital.
Moreover, in the future we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, 
capital expenditures, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness, acquisitions or other general corporate 
requirements. Our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, 
our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our 
control. We cannot assure you that it will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms 
acceptable to us or at all.

16

We may not be able to service all of the combined company’s indebtedness and may be forced to take 
other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Our failure 
to meet our debt service obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
We depend on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments. We expect to be 
able to meet the estimated cash interest payments on the combined company’s debt following the Bard 
acquisition through a combination of the expected cash flows from operations of the combined company. 
However, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations of the combined company and to utilize 
other methods to make scheduled payments will depend on a range of economic, competitive and business 
factors, many of which are outside of our control. There can be no assurance that these sources will be adequate. 
If we are unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, we will be forced to reduce or delay 
capital expenditures, seek additional capital, sell assets or refinance our indebtedness. Any such action may not 
be successful and we may be unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, which could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The agreements that will govern the indebtedness incurred in connection with the Bard acquisition 
contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and certain of our subsidiaries that may affect 
our ability to operate our businesses.
The agreements that govern the indebtedness incurred in connection with the Bard acquisition contain various 
affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of 
certain of our subsidiaries to incur debt and the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other 
things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of 
our assets to any one person, engage in certain transactions with affiliates and change the nature of our business. 
In addition, the agreements also require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including financial ratios. 
Our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond 
our control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or 
waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other 
agreements containing cross-default provisions. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds 
or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.

Uncertainties associated with the Bard acquisition may cause a loss of management personnel and other 
key employees of Bard or us, which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the 
combined company following the Bard acquisition.
We and Bard are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of our respective officers and other key 
employees to execute our respective business plans. The combined company’s success after the Bard acquisition 
will depend in part upon its ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees of us and 
Bard. Current and prospective employees of us and Bard may experience uncertainty about their future roles 
with the combined company following the Bard acquisition, which may materially adversely affect the ability of 
each of us and Bard to attract and retain key personnel during the pendency of and after the Bard acquisition. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the combined company will be able to retain key management 
personnel and other key employees of us and Bard.

Completion of the Bard acquisition will trigger change in control or other provisions in certain 
agreements to which Bard is a party, which may have an adverse impact on the combined company’s 
business and results of operations.
The completion of the Bard acquisition will trigger change in control and other provisions in certain agreements 
to which Bard is a party. If we and Bard are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties 
may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements, potentially terminating the agreements or seeking 
monetary damages. Even if we and Bard are able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for 
such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to Bard or the combined company. 
Any of the foregoing or similar developments may have an adverse impact on the combined company’s 
business and results of operations.

17

For example, if the ratings of certain of Bard’s outstanding senior notes are reduced beyond certain thresholds 
within certain time periods prior to or following the consummation of the Bard acquisition, Bard could be 
required to offer to repurchase such notes at 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes plus any 
accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date.
Following the consummation of the Bard acquisition, the combined company will assume certain 
potential liabilities relating to Bard, including certain products liability and mass torts claims.
Following the consummation of the Bard acquisition, the combined company will have assumed certain 
potential liabilities relating to Bard, including certain products liability and mass tort claims with respect to the 
design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices and related settlement agreements and judgments. As of 
September 30, 2017, Bard has reported that there are: (i) approximately 25 federal and 185 state lawsuits 
involving individual claims by approximately 205 plaintiffs, as well as one putative class action in the United 
States, are currently pending against Bard’s hernia repair implant products, (ii) product liability lawsuits 
involving individual claims by approximately 3,285 plaintiffs are currently pending against Bard in various 
federal and state jurisdictions with respect to Bard’s surgical continence products for women and (iii) product 
liability lawsuits involving individual claims by approximately 1,755 plaintiffs are currently pending against 
Bard in various federal and state jurisdictions with respect to Bard’s vena cava filter products.
Bard does not maintain or has limited remaining insurance coverage for certain of these claims and the 
combined company may not be able to obtain additional insurance on acceptable terms or at all that will provide 
adequate protection against potential liabilities. Moreover, in some circumstances adverse events arising from or 
associated with the design, manufacture, quality or marketing of our combined company’s products could result 
in the FDA suspending or delaying its review of our applications for new product approvals, or imposing post 
market approval requirements. In addition, reserves established by Bard or the combined company for estimated 
losses, including with respect to these claims, do not represent an exact calculation of actual liability but instead 
represent estimates of the probable loss at the time the reserve is established. Due to the inherent uncertainty 
underlying loss reserve estimates, additional reserves may be established from time-to-time, and actual losses 
relating to the assumed Bard liabilities may be materially higher or lower than the related reserve. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Sales of shares of BD common stock after the completion of the transaction may cause the market price 
of BD equity securities to fall.
We will issue a significant number of shares of our common stock in connection with the Bard acquisition. 
Many Bard stockholders may decide not to hold the shares of our common stock they will receive in the Bard 
acquisition. Other Bard stockholders, such as funds with limitations on their permitted holdings of stock in 
individual issuers, may be required to sell the shares of our common stock that they receive in the Bard 
acquisition. Such sales of our common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for our equity 
securities and may take place promptly following the Bard acquisition.
The mandatory convertible preferred stock underlying the depositary shares issued in connection with 
the financing of the Bard transaction may adversely affect the market price of BD common stock. 
The market price of BD common stock is likely to be influenced by the mandatory convertible preferred stock 
underlying the depositary shares issued in connection with the financing for the Bard transaction.  The market 
price of BD common stock could become more volatile and could be depressed by: 

• 

• 

• 

investors’ anticipation of the potential resale in the market of a substantial number of additional shares 
of BD common stock received upon conversion of the mandatory convertible preferred stock; 
possible sales of BD common stock by investors who view the mandatory convertible preferred stock 
as a more attractive means of equity participation in BD than owning shares of BD common stock; and 
hedging or arbitrage trading activity that may develop involving the mandatory convertible preferred 
stock and BD common stock.

Item  1B. 
None.

Unresolved Staff Comments.

18

Item 2.    Properties.

BD’s executive offices are located in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey. As of October 31, 2017, BD owned or 
leased 289 facilities throughout the world, comprising approximately 20,462,405 square feet of manufacturing, 
warehousing, administrative and research facilities. The U.S. facilities, including those in Puerto Rico, comprise 
approximately 7,472,419 square feet of owned and 2,976,267 square feet of leased space. The international 
facilities comprise approximately 7,478,714 square feet of owned and 2,535,005 square feet of leased space. 
Sales offices and distribution centers included in the total square footage are also located throughout the world.

Operations in each of BD’s business segments are conducted at both U.S. and international locations. 

Particularly in the international marketplace, facilities often serve more than one business segment and are used 
for multiple purposes, such as administrative/sales, manufacturing and/or warehousing/distribution. BD 
generally seeks to own its manufacturing facilities, although some are leased. The following table summarizes 
property information by business segment.

Sites
Leased
Owned
Total
Square feet

Corporate  BD Life Sciences 
25
26
51
4,421,732

14
6
20
2,263,694

BD Medical 
96
33
129
10,838,632

Mixed(A)                Total 

83
6
89
2,938,347

218
71
289
20,462,405

(A)  Facilities used by more than one business segment. 

BD believes that its facilities are of good construction and in good physical condition, are suitable and 

adequate for the operations conducted at those facilities, and are, with minor exceptions, fully utilized and 
operating at normal capacity. 

The U.S. facilities are located in Alabama, Arizona, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, 

Indiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, 
Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, D.C., Washington, Wisconsin and Puerto Rico.

The international facilities are as follows: 
- Europe, Middle East, Africa, which includes facilities in Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the 
Czech Republic, Denmark, England, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Kenya, 
Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, 
Switzerland, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and Zambia. 

- Greater Asia, which includes facilities in Australia, Bangladesh, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, 

Malaysia, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam.

- Latin America, which includes facilities in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru and the 

Dominican Republic.

- Canada. 

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings.

Information with respect to certain legal proceedings is included in Note 5 to the consolidated financial 
statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and is incorporated herein by 
reference.

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

19

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following is a list of the executive officers of BD, their ages and all positions and offices held by each 

of them during the past five years. There is no family relationship between any executive officer or director of 
BD. 

Name

Vincent A. Forlenza

Age
64

Thomas E. Polen

James W. Borzi

Alexandre Conroy

Roland Goette

James Lim

Alberto Mas

Christopher R. Reidy

Nabil Shabshab

44

55

54

55

53

56

60

52

Ellen R. Strahlman, M.D.

60

Linda M. Tharby

49

Position

Chairman since July 2012; Chief Executive Officer since October
2011; President from January 2009 to April 2017; and Chief Operating
Officer from July 2010 to October 2011.
President since April 2017; Executive Vice President and President -
Medical Segment from October 2014 to April 2017; Group President
from October 2013 to October 2014; and Worldwide President - BD
Diagnostic Systems from October 2010 to October 2013.
Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Chief Supply Chain
Office since October 2017; Senior Vice President, Global Operations
from 2015 to October 2017; Vice President, Global Manufacturing
from 2013 to 2015; and Vice President and General Manager, Hydro
Aluminum from 2012 to 2013.
Worldwide President, Medication and Procedural Solutions since May
2017; and Executive Vice President and President, Europe, EMA and
the Americas from June 2012 to May 2017.
Executive Vice President and President, EMEA since May 2017;
President, Europe from October 2014 to May 2017; and prior thereto,
Vice President and General Manager - Medical Surgical Systems,
Western Europe.
Executive Vice President and President, Greater Asia since June 2012.

Executive Vice President and President - Life Sciences Segment since
October 2016; Worldwide President - Life Sciences, Diagnostic
Systems from October 2013 to October 2016; and Worldwide
President - BD Biosciences from October 2011 to October 2013.
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Administrative Officer since July 2013; and prior thereto, Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of ADP Corporation.
Worldwide President, Diabetes Care and Digital Health since August
2017; Executive Vice President and President, Americas and Chief
Customer Experience Officer from May 2017 to August 2017;
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer from January
2015 to May 2017; Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
from August 2011 to January 2015.
Executive Vice President, Research and Development since January
2015, Chief Medical Officer since April 2013; Senior Vice President,
Research and Development from April 2013 to January 2015; and
prior thereto, Senior Vice President, Office of the CEO and Global
Head, Neglected Tropical Diseases of GlaxoSmithKline.
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer since
October 2016; Executive Vice President and President - Life Sciences
Segment from October 2014 to October 2016; Group President from
October 2013 to October 2014; and prior thereto, Worldwide President
- BD Medical, Diabetes Care.

20

Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities.

PART II

BD’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. As of October 31, 2017, there were 

approximately 13,134 shareholders of record.

Market and Market Prices of Common Stock (per common share)

                               2016

                                 2017

 
By Quarter
First
Second
Third
Fourth

High 
$156.53
152.54
172.19
181.55

Dividends (per common share)

By Quarter
First
Second
Third
Fourth

Low 
$132.19
132.88
152.86
169.64

2016
$ 0.660
0.660
0.660
0.660

High 
$179.17
185.34
195.15
205.63

Low 
$162.80
164.80
177.07
191.56

2017
$ 0.730
0.730
0.730
0.730

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The table below sets forth certain information regarding BD’s purchases of its common stock during the 

fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017.

Period
July 1-31, 2017
August 1-31, 2017
September 1-30, 2017
Total

Total Number 

of

Shares

Purchased(1)
1,809
240
—
2,049

Average
Price
Paid

per Share
$197.71
$196.39
—
$197.55

Total Number of Shares

Purchased as Part of
Publicly Announced
Plans or Programs(2)
—
—
—
—

Maximum Number

of Shares that
May Yet be

Purchased Under the
Plans or Programs(2)

7,857,742
7,857,742
7,857,742
7,857,742

 
(1) 

Includes 2,049 shares purchased during the quarter in open market transactions by the trust relating to 
BD’s Deferred Compensation and Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan and 1996 Directors’ Deferral 
Plan.

(2)  Represents shares available under the repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on 

September 24, 2013 for 10 million shares, for which there is no expiration date.

21

Item 6.    Selected Financial Data.

FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Becton, Dickinson and Company

 
  
 
Operations
Revenues
Gross Margin
Research and Development Expense
Operating Income
Interest Expense, Net
Income From Continuing Operations Before
Income Taxes
Income Tax (Benefit) Provision
Income from Continuing Operations
Net Income
Basic Earnings Per Share from Continuing
Operations
Diluted Earnings Per Share from Continuing
Operations
Dividends Per Common Share
Financial Position
Total Current Assets
Total Current Liabilities
Total PPE, Net
Total Assets
Total Long-Term Debt
Total Shareholders’ Equity
Book Value Per Common Share
Financial Relationships
Gross Profit Margin
Return on Revenues
Return on Total Assets(B)
Return on Equity
Debt to Capitalization(C)
Additional Data
Number of Employees
Number of Shareholders
Average Common and Common Equivalent
Shares Outstanding — Assuming Dilution
(millions)
Depreciation and Amortization
Capital Expenditures

Years Ended September 30
2014

2015

 

 

 

2017
2013
Dollars in millions, except share and per share amounts

2016

 

$ 12,093
5,942
774
1,478
445

   $ 12,483
5,991
  
  
828
1,430
  
  
367

   $ 10,282
4,695
  
  
632
1,074
  
356

   $ 8,446
4,301
  
  
550
1,606
  
89

   $ 8,054
4,171
  
  
494
1,254
  
  
98

976
(124)
1,100
1,100

4.70

4.60
2.92

  

1,074
97
976
976

4.59

4.49
2.64

  

739
44
695
695

3.43

3.35
2.40

  

1,522
337
1,185
1,185

6.13

5.99
2.18

  

1,165
236
929
1,293

4.76

4.67
1.98

$ 18,633
3,342
4,638
37,734
18,667
12,948
56.80

   $ 6,367
  
4,400
  
3,901
   25,586
   10,550
7,633
  
  
35.79

   $ 5,659
  
4,381
4,060
  
26,478
  
  
11,370
7,164
  
  
34.00

   $ 5,775
  
2,225
3,605
  
12,384
  
  
3,768
5,053
  
  
26.33

   $ 5,530
  
2,122
3,476
  
12,029
  
  
3,763
5,043
  
  
25.99

49.1%
9.1%
4.7%
10.7%
57.5%

48.0%
7.8%
5.6%
13.2%
57.2%

45.7%
6.8%
5.7%
11.4%
59.4%

50.9%
14.0%
13.6%
23.5%
43.6%

51.8%
11.5% (A) 
11.1% (A) 
20.2% (A) 
43.6% (A) 

41,900
13,183

   50,900
   13,788

  
  

49,500
14,547

  
  

30,600
8,210

  
  

30,000
8,412

223.6
$ 1,088
727

217.5
  
   $ 1,114
  
693

  
   $
  

207.5
891
596

  
   $
  

197.7
562
592

  
   $
  

199.2
546
522

22

 
(A) 
(B) 
(C) 

Excludes discontinued operations.
Earnings before interest expense and taxes as a percent of average total assets.
Total debt as a percent of the sum of total debt, shareholders’ equity and non-current deferred income 
tax liabilities.

The results above include the impact of the specified items detailed below.  Additional discussion regarding the 
specified items in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 are provided in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Millions of dollars, except per share amounts
Total specified items
After-tax impact of specified items
Impact of specified items on diluted earnings per share
Impact of dilution from share issuances

2017

Years Ended September 30
2016
2014

2015

2013

$ 1,261
892
$

442
$ 1,466
$
279
971
$ (4.34) $ (4.10) $ (3.79) $ (0.51) $ (1.40)
$ (0.54) $ — $ (0.02) $ — $ —

$ 1,186
786
$

153
101

$
$

$
$

Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Within the tables presented throughout this discussion, certain columns may not add due 
to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. Percentages and earnings per share amounts presented 
are calculated from the underlying amounts. References to years throughout this discussion relate to our fiscal 
years, which end on September 30.
Company Overview

Description of the Company and Business Segments

Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BD”) is a global medical technology company engaged in the 

development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and 
diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the 
pharmaceutical industry and the general public. The Company's organizational structure is based upon two 
principal business segments, BD Medical (“Medical”) and BD Life Sciences (“Life Sciences”).

BD’s products are manufactured and sold worldwide. Our products are marketed in the United States and 
internationally through independent distribution channels and directly to end-users by BD and independent sales 
representatives. We organize our operations outside the United States as follows: Europe; EMA (which includes 
the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Middle East and Africa); Greater Asia (which includes Japan and 
Asia Pacific); Latin America (which includes Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, and South America); 
and Canada. We continue to pursue growth opportunities in emerging markets, which include the following 
geographic regions: Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and certain countries within Asia 
Pacific. We are primarily focused on certain countries whose healthcare systems are expanding, in particular, 
China and India.

Strategic Objectives

BD remains focused on delivering sustainable growth and shareholder value, while making appropriate 
investments for the future. BD management operates the business consistent with the following core strategies:
To increase revenue growth by focusing on our core products, services and solutions that deliver 
greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers;

• 

23

• 

To continue investment in research and development for platform extensions and innovative new 
products;
To make investments in growing our operations in emerging markets;
To improve operating effectiveness and balance sheet productivity;
To drive an efficient capital structure and strong shareholder returns.

• 
• 
• 
Our strategy focuses on four specific areas within healthcare and life sciences:
• 
• 
• 

Enabling safer, simpler and more effective parenteral drug delivery;
Improving clinical outcomes through new, more accurate and faster diagnostics;
Providing tools and technologies to the research community that facilitate the understanding of the 
cell, cellular diagnostics and cell therapy;
Enhancing disease management in diabetes, women’s health and cancer, infectious disease and 
other targeted conditions.

• 

We continue to strive to improve the efficiency of our capital structure and follow these guiding 

principles:

To operate the Company consistent with an investment grade credit profile;
To ensure access to the debt market for strategic opportunities;
To optimize the cost of capital based on market conditions.

• 
• 
• 
In assessing the outcomes of these strategies as well as BD’s financial condition and operating 

performance, management generally reviews quarterly forecast data, monthly actual results, segment sales and 
other similar information. We also consider trends related to certain key financial data, including gross profit 
margin, selling and administrative expense, investment in research and development, return on invested capital, 
and cash flows.

Definitive Agreement to Acquire C.R. Bard, Inc.

On April 23, 2017, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement under which BD will acquire 

C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") for an implied value of $317.00 per Bard common share in cash and stock, for 
estimated total consideration of approximately $24 billion. The combination will create a highly differentiated 
medical technology company uniquely positioned to improve both the process of care and the treatment of 
disease for patients and healthcare providers. Additional discussion regarding the acquisition agreement and the 
related financing the Company has secured, through equity and debt issuances, is provided in Notes 3, 9 and 15 
to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The 
transaction is subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the 
fourth calendar quarter of 2017. 

Acquisition of CareFusion

On March 17, 2015, BD acquired a 100% interest in CareFusion Corporation ("CareFusion"). 

CareFusion’s operating results were included in BD’s consolidated results of operations beginning on April 1, 
2015 and as such, the consolidated results of operations for the first six months of fiscal year 2015 referenced in 
the commentary provided further below did not include CareFusion's results. CareFusion operates as part of our 
Medical segment.

Summary of Financial Results

Worldwide revenues in 2017 of $12.093 billion decreased 3.1% from the prior-year period. 

The decrease reflected an approximate 7% reduction in revenues due to the divestiture of the Respiratory 
Solutions business in October 2016. Volume growth in 2017 of more than 4% for our continuing businesses was 
partially offset by an unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of less than 1%. Pricing did not 
materially impact 2017 revenues. Additional disclosures regarding our divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions 

24

business are provided in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.  Volume growth in 2017 reflected the following:

•  Medical segment volume growth in 2017 was driven by sales growth in all of the segment's units, 

particularly by growth in the Medication and Procedural Solutions, Medication Management Solutions 
and Pharmaceutical Systems units.

•  Life Sciences segment volume growth in 2017 was driven by growth in all three of its organizational 

units, particularly in its Preanalytical and Diagnostic Systems units.

•  U.S. volume growth in 2017 primarily reflected growth in sales in the Medical segment's Medication 
Management Solutions and Diabetes Care units, as well as in all of the Life Sciences segment's units.
International volume growth in 2017 was driven by sales in the Medical segment's Medication and 
Procedural Solutions, Medication Management Solutions and Pharmaceutical Systems units, as well as 
by sales in the Life Sciences segment's Preanalytical Systems and Diagnostic Systems units.

• 

We continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product promotions to 
drive further revenue and profit growth. Our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of 
factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop 
innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. While 
the economic environment for the healthcare industry and healthcare utilization in the United States have 
generally stabilized, destabilization in the future could adversely impact our businesses. Additionally, 
macroeconomic challenges in Europe continue to constrain healthcare utilization, although we currently view 
the environment as stable. In emerging markets, the Company’s growth is dependent primarily on government 
funding for healthcare systems.  In addition, pricing pressure exists for certain geographies and could adversely 
impact our businesses.  

Our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operating activities totaling $2.550 billion in 
2017. At September 30, 2017, we had $14.2 billion in cash and equivalents and short-term investments, which 
included net proceeds raised through registered public offerings of equity securities and debt transactions during 
the third quarter of approximately $4.8 billion and $9.6 billion, respectively.  We continued to return value to 
our shareholders in the form of dividends. During fiscal year 2017, we paid cash dividends of $677 million. We 
also repurchased approximately $220 million of our common stock during 2017.

Each reporting period, we face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide 

operations to the U.S. dollar at exchange rates that fluctuate from the beginning of such period. The ongoing 
relative strength of the U.S. dollar resulted in an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact to our revenue 
and earnings growth during fiscal year 2017. We evaluate our results of operations on both a reported and a 
foreign currency-neutral basis, which excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As 
exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the 
presentation of results on a foreign currency-neutral basis in addition to reported results helps improve 
investors’ ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior 
periods. Foreign currency-neutral ("FXN") information compares results between periods as if exchange rates 
had remained constant period-over-period. We use results on a foreign currency-neutral basis as one measure to 
evaluate our performance. We calculate foreign currency-neutral percentages by converting our current-period 
local currency financial results using the prior-period foreign currency exchange rates and comparing these 
adjusted amounts to our current-period results. These results should be considered in addition to, not as a 
substitute for, results reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). 
Results on a foreign currency-neutral basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled 
measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with U.S. 
GAAP.

25

Results of Operations

Medical Segment

The following is a summary of Medical revenues by organizational unit:

 

 

 

 

2016

2015

Total
Change

2017 vs. 2016
Estimated

FX

Impact

FXN
Change

Total
Change

2016 vs. 2015

Estimated

FX

Impact

FXN
Change

2017

(Millions of dollars)
Medication and
Procedural Solutions $3,497
Medication
Management
Solutions (A)
Diabetes Care
Pharmaceutical
Systems
Respiratory
Solutions (A)
Total Medical
revenues

—
$8,105

2,295
1,056

1,256

$3,413

$2,850

2.5 % (0.7)% 3.2 % 19.8% (3.6)% 23.4%

2,197
1,023

1,015
1,012

4.4 % (0.5)% 4.9 % 116.6% (2.3)% 118.9%
4.4%
3.3 % (0.3)% 3.6 %

1.1% (3.3)%

1,199

1,167

4.8 % (0.5)% 5.3 %

2.7% (2.4)%

5.1%

822
$8,654

417
$6,460

NM

97.2% (2.3)% 99.5%
(6.4)% (0.6)% (5.8)% 34.0% (3.0)% 37.0%

— %

NM

Medical segment
safety-engineered
products

$1,960

$1,924

$1,499

1.9 % (0.3)% 2.2 % 28.3% (2.9)% 31.2%

(A) 

(B) 

The presentation of prior-period amounts has been revised to conform with the presentation of current-
period amounts, which does not separately present an immaterial adjustment for the amortization of a 
deferred revenue balance write-down relating to the CareFusion acquisition.
"NM" denotes that the percentage is not meaningful.

Medical segment revenue growth in 2017 was driven by the Medication and Procedural Solutions unit's 
sales of infusion disposables products, particularly in international markets, and the Pharmaceutical Systems 
unit’s sales of self-injection systems.  Revenue growth in 2017 also reflected the Diabetes Care unit's increased 
sales of pen needles in the United States and emerging markets. International growth in the Diabetes Care unit 
was impacted by weaker revenues in Europe, primarily in the United Kingdom, due to increasing pressure from 
government payers as part of austerity measures. Medical segment revenues in 2017 were unfavorably impacted 
by the divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions business and the modification to dispensing equipment lease 
contracts with customers in the Medication Management Solutions unit, which took place in April 2017. As a 
result of the lease modification, substantially all new lease contracts entered into beginning in April 2017 will 
be accounted for as operating leases with revenue recognized over the agreement term, rather than upon the 
placement of capital. In 2017, revenues in the Medication Management Solutions unit included $151 million of 
revenues relating to amended preexisting lease contracts.

The Medical segment's growth in 2016 largely reflected the inclusion of CareFusion’s sales for a full fiscal 

year in 2016 compared with half the fiscal year in 2015, as previously discussed.  Medical segment revenue 
growth in 2016 additionally reflected the Medication and Procedural Solutions unit's international sales of 
safety-engineered products, the Diabetes Care unit’s sales of pen needles and the Pharmaceutical Systems unit’s 
sales of self-injection systems.   Fiscal year 2016 Medical segment revenue growth was unfavorably impacted 
by the termination of a distribution contract in the Respiratory Solutions unit. 

26

Medical segment operating income was as follows:

(Millions of dollars)
Medical segment operating income

2017

2016

2015

$

2,155

$

2,052

   $

1,530

Segment operating income as % of Medical revenues

26.6%

23.7%

23.7%

The Medical segment's operating income is driven by its performance with respect to gross profit margin 

and operating expenses. The Medical segment's gross profit margin in 2017 was higher as compared with 
2016 primarily due to the divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions business, which had products with relatively 
lower gross profit margins. Gross profit margin in 2017 also reflected lower manufacturing costs resulting from 
continuous improvement projects which enhanced the efficiency of our operations.  The Medical segment's 
gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was slightly higher in 2016 as compared with 2015 primarily 
due to lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous operations improvement projects, partially offset by 
the recognition of a full year of amortization relating to intangible assets acquired in the CareFusion transaction 
and by unfavorable foreign currency translation. 

Selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 was lower compared with 2016, 
primarily due to the divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions business, as this business generally had a lower 
operating margin.  Selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2016 was favorably 
impacted by the suspension of the medical device excise tax imposed under the U.S. Patient Protection 
Affordable Care Act. Research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 reflected ongoing 
investment in new products and platforms, but was lower compared with 2016 as expense in 2016 included a 
one-time payment relating to one of the segment's ongoing projects.  Research and development expense as a 
percentage of revenues in 2016 increased from 2015, which reflected increased investment in new products and 
platforms, including the one-time payment noted above.

Life Sciences Segment

The following is a summary of Life Sciences revenues by organizational unit:

 

 

 

 

2017 vs. 2016

2016 vs. 2015

 (Millions of dollars)
Preanalytical Systems
Diagnostic Systems
Biosciences
Total Life Sciences
revenues

Life Sciences segment
safety-engineered
products

2017

$1,471
1,378
1,139

2016

$1,409
1,301
1,119

2015

$1,391
1,299
1,132

Total
Change

Estimated

FX

Impact

FXN
Change

Total
Change

Estimated

FX

Impact

4.4% (0.8)%
5.9% (0.5)%
1.8% (0.6)%

5.2% 1.3 % (3.9)%
6.4% 0.1 % (3.2)%
2.4% (1.2)% (2.7)%

FXN
Change
5.2%
3.3%
1.5%

$3,988

$3,829

$3,822

4.2% (0.6)%

4.8% 0.2 % (3.2)%

3.4%

$1,167

$1,113

$1,097

4.9% (0.8)%

5.7% 1.4 % (3.7)%

5.1%

 The Life Sciences segment's 2017 revenues reflected growth in global sales of the Preanalytical Systems 

unit's safety-engineered products and growth in sales of the Diagnostics Systems unit's microbiology and 
molecular platforms, particularly in emerging markets. The segment’s 2017 revenue growth was also driven by 
increased Biosciences unit sales, particularly in developed markets.

Fiscal year 2016 revenues in the Life Sciences segment were driven by the Preanalytical Systems unit's 
U.S. and international sales of safety-engineered products.  Segment revenue growth in 2016 also reflected the 
Diagnostic Systems unit's sales of its core microbiology products, as well as placements of its BD KiestraTM 

27

platform.  Fiscal year 2016 revenues in the Life Sciences segment additionally reflected the Biosciences unit’s 
research instrument and reagent sales, primarily in the United States, which were partially offset by decreased 
sales of the Biosciences unit's HIV-related clinical products in Africa.

Life Sciences segment operating income was as follows:

(Millions of dollars)
Life Sciences segment operating income

2017

2016

2015

$

772

$

793

$

839

Segment operating income as % of Life Sciences revenues

19.4%

20.7%

21.9%

The Life Sciences segment's operating income is driven by its performance with respect to gross profit 

margin and operating expenses.  The Life Sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues 
was lower in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation, higher raw material 
costs and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs resulting from operations 
improvement projects.  The Life Sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was lower 
in fiscal year 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially 
offset by lower manufacturing costs resulting from operations improvement projects.  

Selling and administrative expense as a percentage of Life Sciences revenues in 2017 was higher compared 
to 2016 primarily due to slightly higher administrative costs. Selling and administrative expense as a percentage 
of Life Sciences revenues decreased in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to the suspension of the 
medical device excise tax. Research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 was 
relatively flat compared with 2016, which increased compared to 2015 due to increased investment in new 
products and platforms.

Geographic Revenues

BD’s worldwide revenues by geography are provided below.  

 

 

 

 

2017 vs. 2016

2016 vs. 2015

(Millions of dollars)
United States
International
Total revenues

2017

$ 6,504
5,589
$12,093

2016

$ 6,893
5,590
$12,483

2015

$ 5,069
5,213
$10,282

Estimated

Estimated

FX

Total
Change

Impact
—

FXN
Total
Change
Change
36.0%
(5.6)%
— % (1.2)%
7.2% (6.2)% 13.4%
(3.1)% (0.5)% (2.6)% 21.4% (3.1)% 24.5%

FXN
Change
(5.6)% 36.0%
1.2 %

Impact
—

FX

U.S. revenues in 2017 were unfavorably impacted by the Medical segment's divestiture of the Respiratory 
Solutions business and the modification to dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers in the Medical 
segment's Medication Management Solutions unit, as previously discussed. These impacts to U.S. revenues in 
2017 were partially offset by growth in sales in the Medical segment's Medication Management Solutions and 
Diabetes Care units, as well as in all of the Life Sciences segment's units.  

U.S. revenue growth in 2016 primarily reflected the inclusion of CareFusion's U.S. sales for the full fiscal 
year.  U.S. revenues also reflected growth in sales of the Medical segment's legacy products, particularly in the 
Medication and Procedural Solutions and Pharmaceutical Systems units.  U.S. revenue growth in 2016 was also 
driven by sales in the Life Science's segment's Preanalytical Systems and Biosciences units.  

International revenues in 2017 were driven by sales in the Medical segment's Medication and Procedural 
Solutions, Medication Management Solutions and Pharmaceutical Systems units, as well as by sales in the Life 
Sciences segment's Preanalytical Systems and Diagnostic Systems units.  International revenue growth in 2017 
was partially offset by the impact of the Medical segment's divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions business.  

28

International revenue growth in 2016 primarily reflected the inclusion of CareFusion's sales for the full 

fiscal year, as well as growth attributable to the Medical segment's legacy products in the Medication and 
Procedural Solutions unit. International revenue growth in 2016 also reflected the Life Sciences segment's 
Preanalytical Systems unit's sales, primarily in Western Europe and Asia Pacific.  The Life Sciences segment's 
international revenue growth in 2016 was negatively impacted by a decrease in certain sales in its Biosciences 
unit in Africa, as previously discussed.
 
Emerging market revenues were $1.95 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.8 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.  Emerging market revenues in 2016 related to divested businesses, primarily the Respiratory 
Solutions business, were approximately $105 million.  Unfavorable foreign currency translation impacted 
emerging market revenues in 2017 and 2016 by an estimated $29 million and $156 million, respectively.  
Emerging market revenue growth in 2017 was driven by sales in Greater Asia, including China, and Latin 
America.  Emerging market revenue growth in 2016 reflected the inclusion of CareFusion's sales for the full 
fiscal year, as well as growth in China and Latin America, partially offset by declines in the Middle East and 
Africa.

Specified Items

Reflected in the financial results for 2017, 2016 and 2015 were the following specified items:

(Millions of dollars)
Integration costs (A)
Restructuring costs (A)
Transaction costs (A)
Financing costs (B)
Purchase accounting adjustments (C)
Lease contract modification-related charge (D)
Litigation-related items (E)
Losses on debt extinguishment (F)
Pension settlement charges
Other, net
Total specified items
Tax impact of specified items
After-tax impact of specified items

$

$

2017

2016

2015

237
85
39
131
491
748
(337)
73
—
—
1,466
495
971

$

$

192
526
10
—
527
—
—
—
6
—
1,261
369
892

$

$

95
271
59
107
645
—
12
—
—
(5)
1,186
400
786

 
(A) 

(B) 

(C) 

(D) 

(E) 

(F) 

Represents integration, restructuring and transaction costs, recorded in Acquisitions and other 
restructurings, which are further discussed below.  
The amount in 2017 represents financing costs incurred in connection with the agreement to acquire 
Bard, including bridge financing commitment fees of $79 million, which were recorded in Interest 
expense.  The amount in 2015 represents financing costs incurred in connection with the CareFusion 
acquisition, including bridge financing commitment fees.
Primarily represents non-cash amortization expense associated with acquisition-related identifiable 
intangible assets. BD’s amortization expense is primarily recorded in Cost of products sold.  The 
adjustment in 2015 also included a fair value step-up adjustment of $293 million recorded relative to 
CareFusion’s inventory on the acquisition date.
Represents a non-cash charge, which was recorded in Other operating expense, net resulting from a 
modification to our dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers, as further discussed below.
The amount in 2017 largely represents the reversal of certain reserves related to an appellate court 
decision recorded in Other operating expense, net as further discussed below.
Represents losses recognized in Other (expense) income, net upon our extinguishment of certain long-
term senior notes in the first and third quarters, as further discussed below.

29

Gross Profit Margin

The comparison of gross profit margins in 2017 and 2016 and the comparison of gross profit margins in 

2016 and 2015 reflected the following impacts:

 

2017

2016

Gross profit margin % prior-year period
Operating performance
Impact of divestitures
CareFusion acquisition-related asset depreciation and amortization
Foreign currency translation
Gross profit margin % current-year period

48.0 %
0.7 %
0.8 %
— %
(0.4)%
49.1 %

45.7 %
2.5 %
— %
0.6 %
(0.8)%
48.0 %

The operating performance impacts in 2017 and 2016 primarily reflected lower manufacturing costs 

resulting from the continuous operations improvement projects discussed above.  Gross profit margin in 2017 
was favorably impacted by businesses divestitures, primarily the divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions 
business which had products with relatively lower gross profit margins.  Gross profit margin in 2016 benefited 
from a favorable comparison to 2015, which reflected the fair value step-up adjustment recorded relative to 
CareFusion’s inventory on the acquisition date, as previously discussed, partially offset by the recognition in 
2016 of a full year of amortization relating to CareFusion's intangible assets. 

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:

 
(Millions of dollars)
Selling and administrative expense

% of revenues

Research and development expense

% of revenues

Acquisitions and other restructurings

Other operating expense, net

Selling and administrative

Increase (decrease) in basis points
2017 vs. 2016
2016 vs. 2015

10

(20)

(80)

50

 

 

 

2017
$ 2,925

2016
$ 3,005

2015
$ 2,563

24.2%

24.1%

24.9%

$

$

$

774
6.4%

354

$

$

828
6.6%

728

$

$

632
6.1%

426

410

$ — $ —

Selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 was relatively flat compared with 
2016.  Selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflected 
synergies resulting from the CareFusion acquisition, as well as favorable foreign currency translation and a 
suspension of the medical device excise tax, as previously discussed, partially offset by higher selling expenses 
relating to product launches and higher shipping expenses. 

Research and development

 

Research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was slightly lower in 2017, which 

reflected a favorable comparison to 2016, which included increased investment in high growth opportunities. 

30

Acquisitions and other restructurings

Costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings in 2017, 2016 and 2015 primarily represented 

integration and restructuring costs substantially associated with our fiscal year 2015 acquisition of CareFusion 
and other portfolio rationalization initiatives.  Integration costs in 2017 also included costs relating to our 
pending acquisition of Bard.  Restructuring costs in 2016 included a $214 million charge recorded to impair 
capitalized internal-use software assets held for sale as a result of information technology function 
transformation efforts.  Transaction costs were incurred in 2017 in connection with the pending acquisition of 
Bard and other portfolio rationalization initiatives. Transaction costs were also incurred in 2015 in connection 
with the CareFusion acquisition.  For further disclosures regarding the costs relating to acquisitions and other 
restructurings, refer to Notes 7, 9, 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Other operating (income) expense, net

Other operating expense in 2017 included the $748 million non-cash charge resulting from the 

modification to our dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers. Additional disclosures regarding this 
lease contract modification are provided in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Other operating income in 2017 included a $336 million reversal 
of certain reserves related to an appellate court decision which, among other things, reversed an unfavorable 
antitrust judgment in the Retractable Technologies, Inc. case. Additional disclosures regarding this legal matter 
are provided in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data

Net Interest Expense

(Millions of dollars)
Interest expense
Interest income
Net interest expense

2017

2016

2015

$

$

(521) $

76

(445) $

(388) $

21

(367) $

(371)
15
(356)

The increase in interest expense in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily reflected higher levels of debt due 

to our issuances of senior unsecured U.S. notes during the third quarter of 2017, as well as bridge financing 
commitment fees of $79 million.  The increase in interest expense in 2016 reflected a full year of increased 
financing costs associated with the CareFusion acquisition, including interest on senior unsecured notes issued 
in December 2014. This increase in financing costs was partially offset by the full year impact of favorable 
amortization of the acquisition-date fair value step-up on CareFusion’s long-term debt as well as by the prior-
year impact of commitment fees incurred for a bridge loan facility.  Additional disclosures regarding our 
financing arrangements and debt instruments are provided in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements 
contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The increase in interest income in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily reflected higher levels of cash on 
hand, as a result of our third quarter issuances of debt and equity securities, as well as higher investment gains 
on assets related to our deferred compensation plans. The increase in interest income in 2016 reflected the 
realization of investment gains on assets related to our deferred compensation plans, compared with the 
realization of losses in 2015, partially offset by lower cash levels outside of the United States. The offsetting 
movements in the deferred compensation plan liability were recorded in Selling and administrative expense.

31

Income Taxes

The income tax rates in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:

Effective income tax rate - (benefit) provision

2017
(12.7)%

2016

9.1%

2015

5.9%

Favorable impact, in basis points, from specified items

2,790

1,090

1,720

The decrease in the effective income tax rate in 2017 largely reflected the more favorable tax impact from 

specified items recognized in 2017 compared with 2016, as well as the tax benefits recorded upon the settlement 
of share-based compensation awards in 2017. The share-based compensation-related tax benefits were 
recognized in connection with BD's adoption of new accounting requirements relating to the income tax effects 
of share-based compensation awards. Additional disclosures regarding this adoption are provided in Note 2 to 
the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  The 
increase in the effective income tax rate from 2015 to 2016 is primarily due to the decrease in tax benefits on 
specified items as the tax benefits on specified items in 2015 were primarily incurred in higher tax jurisdictions. 
The income tax rates in fiscal years 2016 also reflected the extension of the U.S. research and development 
income tax credit, which was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of one-time discrete items.  

Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share

Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:

Net income (Millions of dollars)
Diluted Earnings per Share

Unfavorable impact-specified items
Unfavorable impact-foreign currency translation

Dilutive impact from share issuances

2017

2016

2015

$
$

$
$

$

1,100
4.60

(4.34)
(0.23)

(0.54)

$
$

$
$

$

976
4.49

(4.10)
(0.64)

$
$

$
$

695
3.35

(3.79)
(0.69)

— $

(0.02)

The dilutive impact from share issuances in 2017 represents the impact of BD shares issued in the third 

quarter of fiscal year 2017, in anticipation of the pending Bard acquisition.  The dilutive impact from share 
issuances in 2015 represents the impact from shares issued as consideration for the CareFusion acquisition, 
prior to the inclusion of CareFusion in consolidated results of operations.
Financial Instrument Market Risk

We selectively use financial instruments to manage market risk, primarily foreign currency exchange risk 

and interest rate risk relating to our ongoing business operations. The counterparties to these contracts are 
highly rated financial institutions. We do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

Foreign Exchange Risk

BD and its subsidiaries transact business in various foreign currencies throughout Europe, Greater Asia, 
Canada and Latin America. We face foreign currency exposure from the effect of fluctuating exchange rates on 
payables and receivables relating to transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our functional 
currency. These payables and receivables primarily arise from intercompany transactions. We hedge 
substantially all such exposures, primarily through the use of forward contracts. We also face currency exposure 
that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations, including sales, to the U.S. dollar at 
exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of a reporting period. From time to time, we may 

32

purchase forward contracts and options to hedge certain forecasted transactions that are denominated in foreign 
currencies in order to partially protect against a reduction in the value of future earnings resulting from adverse 
foreign exchange rate movements. Gains or losses on derivative instruments are largely offset by the gains or 
losses on the underlying hedged transactions. We did not enter into contracts to hedge cash flows against 
foreign currency fluctuations in fiscal year 2017 or 2016.

Derivative financial instruments are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value. For foreign currency 

derivatives, market risk is determined by calculating the impact on fair value of an assumed change in foreign 
exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. Fair values were estimated based upon observable inputs, specifically 
spot currency rates and foreign currency prices for similar assets and liabilities.

With respect to the foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding at September 30, 2017 and 2016, 

the impact changes in the U.S. dollar would have on pre-tax earnings was estimated as follows:

 
(Millions of dollars)
10% appreciation in U.S. dollar
10% depreciation in U.S. dollar

Increase (decrease)

2017

2016

$
$

(38) $
38
$

(67)
67

These calculations do not reflect the impact of exchange gains or losses on the underlying transactions 

that would substantially offset the results of the derivative instruments.

Interest Rate Risk

Our primary interest rate risk relates to U.S. dollar borrowings which are partially offset by U.S. dollar 

cash investments. When managing interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an appropriate balance between 
fixed and floating rate instruments. We may enter into interest rate swaps to help maintain this balance and 
manage debt and interest-bearing investments in tandem, since these items have an offsetting impact on interest 
rate exposure. For interest rate derivative instruments, fair values are measured based upon the present value of 
expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs including credit risk and interest rate yield 
curves. Market risk for these instruments is determined by calculating the impact to fair value of an assumed 
change in interest rates across all maturities. 

With respect to the interest rate derivatives outstanding at September 30, 2017 and 2016, a 10% change in 
interest rates would not materially impact the fair value of these derivatives.  Based on our overall interest rate 
exposure at September 30, 2017 and 2016, a 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on 
our earnings or cash flows over a one-year period.
Liquidity and Capital Resources

The following table summarizes our consolidated statement of cash flows in 2017, 2016 and 2015:

(Millions of dollars)
Net cash provided by (used for)

Operating activities
Investing activities
Financing activities

Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities

2017

2016

2015

$
$
$

2,550
(883)
10,977

$
$
$

2,559
(669)
(1,761)

$
$
$

1,730
(8,318)
6,190

The fiscal year 2017, 2016 and 2015 changes in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily 
attributable to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and other non-cash items. The fiscal 
year 2017 change in operating assets and liabilities was a net use of cash and primarily reflected higher levels of 
prepaid expenses, trade receivables and inventory, partially offset by higher levels of accounts payable and 
accrued expenses.  The fiscal year 2016 change in operating assets and liabilities was a net source of cash and 

33

primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses as well as lower levels of inventory, 
prepayments and financing receivables, partially offset by higher levels of accounts receivables.  Net cash 
provided by operating activities in 2017 also reflected an adjustment for the non-cash charge resulting from the 
modification to our dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers, as previously discussed, and the 
losses recorded upon our extinguishment of certain long-term notes, which are included within Other, net.  The 
previously discussed non-cash charge recorded to impair capitalized internal-use software assets held for sale is 
included within Other, net in 2016.  Net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 was reduced by changes 
in the pension obligation resulting primarily from a discretionary cash contribution of $100 million.  

Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Capital expenditures

Our investments in capital expenditures are focused on projects that enhance our cost structure and 
manufacturing capabilities, and support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in 
growing markets. Capital expenditures of $727 million, $693 million, $596 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively, primarily related to manufacturing capacity expansions and details of spending by segment are 
contained in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data.

Investments

Cash inflows from the sales of investments of $840 million in 2015 were attributable to the maturities of 

time deposits in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific.   

Acquisitions of Businesses

Cash outflows relating to acquisitions in 2017 included payments for acquisitions which were immaterial 

both individually and in the aggregate.  Cash outflows relating to acquisitions in 2015 of $8.414 billion were 
primarily attributable to the completion of the CareFusion acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal year 2015.  
For further discussion, refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.

Divestitures of Businesses

Cash inflows relating to business divestitures in 2017 were $165 million. Net cash flows from investing 

activities in 2016 included $158 million of proceeds from the sales of non-core assets. 

34

Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash from financing activities in 2017, 2016 and 2015 included the following significant cash flows:

(Millions of dollars)
Cash inflow (outflow)

2017

2016

2015

Increase/(decrease) in borrowings under commercial paper program
Issuances of senior unsecured U.S. notes
Issuances of euro-denominated notes
Payments of debt
Issuances of equity securities
Share repurchases under accelerated share repurchase agreement
Dividends paid

$ (200)
$ 9,616
$ 1,846
$(3,980)
$ 4,827
$ (220)
$ (677)

$

$ (500)
500
$ — $ 6,164
$ — $ —
$ (752)
(6)
$ — $ —
$ — $ —
$ (562)
$ (485)

$

Additional disclosures regarding the equity and debt-related financing activities detailed above are 

provided in Notes 3 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data.  No further share repurchases are currently planned, as our share repurchase program 
has been suspended in connection with the announced agreement to acquire Bard.

Debt-Related Activities

Certain measures relating to our total debt were as follows:

Total debt (Millions of dollars)

Short-term debt as a percentage of total debt
Weighted average cost of total debt
Total debt as a percentage of total capital (A)

2017
18,870

$

2016
11,551

$

2015
12,822

$

1.1%
3.3%
57.5%

8.7%
3.6%
57.2%

11.3%
3.3%
59.4%

(A)   Represents shareholders’ equity, net non-current deferred income tax liabilities, and debt.

The decrease in short-term debt as a percentage of total debt at September 30, 2017 was largely driven by 
our issuance of $9.675 billion of senior unsecured U.S. notes during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017.  The 
ratio of short-term debt as a percentage of total debt at September 30, 2016 primarily reflected the 
reclassifications of $800 million of notes from long-term debt to short-term debt, offset by the repayment of 
$750 million of floating rate notes during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 and a reduction of commercial 
paper borrowings.  Additional disclosures regarding our debt instruments are provided in Note 15 to the 
consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Cash and Short-term Investments

At September 30, 2017, total worldwide cash and short-term investments were $14.201 billion, of which 

$1.196 billion was held in jurisdictions outside of the United States. Total cash at September 30, 
2017 included net proceeds raised through public offerings of equity securities and debt transactions which 
occurred during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, as previously discussed. 

We regularly review the amount of cash and short-term investments held outside the United States and 

currently intend to use such amounts to fund our international operations and their growth initiatives. In 
addition, if these amounts were repatriated from foreign jurisdictions to the United States, there could be 
adverse tax consequences.

35

Credit Facilities

We have in place a $1.5 billion syndicated credit facility which can be used for general corporate 

purposes. There were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility at September 30, 2017. During the 
first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we extended the expiration date of this credit facility to January 2022 from the 
original expiration date of January 2021. We may issue up to $100 million in letters of credit under this facility 
and it also includes a provision that enables BD, subject to additional commitments made by the lenders, to 
access up to an additional $500 million in financing through the facility for a maximum aggregate commitment 
of $2 billion. The credit facility includes a single financial covenant that requires BD to maintain an interest 
expense coverage ratio of not less than 4-to-1 for the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters. We were in 
compliance with this covenant as of September 30, 2017. We also have informal lines of credit outside the 
United States.

The Company had no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2017.

The developments discussed below occurred in 2017 relative to our credit facilities in connection with the 

announcement of the acquisition of Bard.
Term loan and revolving credit facilities
 

In May 2017, we entered into a three-year $2.25 billion senior unsecured term loan facility.  The proceeds 
from this facility may only be used to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the Bard acquisition, as well 
as the fees and expenses incurred in connection with this acquisition.  Also in May 2017, we entered into a five-
year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that will provide borrowing of up to $2.25 billion when the 
facility becomes effective upon the closing of the Bard acquisition.  This facility will expire in May 2022. Upon 
the effective date of the facility, it will replace the $1.5 billion syndicated credit facility discussed further above.  
We will be able to issue up to $100 million in letters of credit under this new revolving credit facility and it also 
includes a provision that enables BD, subject to additional commitments made by the lenders, to access up to an 
additional $500 million in financing through the facility for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2.75 billion.  
We will use proceeds from this facility to fund general corporate needs and to redeem, repurchase or defease 
certain of Bard's outstanding senior unsecured notes that will be assumed upon the closing of the acquisition.

The agreements for both the new term loan and revolving credit facility contain the following financial 

covenants:  

•  We are required to maintain an interest expense coverage ratio of not less than 4-to-1 as of the last day 
of each fiscal quarter.  We were in compliance with this covenant relative to the term loan facility as of 
September 30, 2017.  This covenant becomes effective for the revolving credit facility upon the 
effective date of the facility.

•  We are required to have a leverage coverage ratio of no more than:

 

6-to-1 from the closing date of the Bard acquisition until and including the first fiscal quarter-
end thereafter;
5.75-to-1 for the subsequent four fiscal quarters thereafter;
5.25-to-1 for the subsequent four fiscal quarters thereafter;
4.5-to-1 for the subsequent four fiscal quarters thereafter;
4-to-1 for the subsequent four fiscal quarters thereafter;
3.75-to-1 thereafter.  

 
 
 
 
 

Bridge facility

Upon securing permanent financing, including the issuances of senior unsecured U.S. notes and equity 

securities in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, as previously discussed above, an agreement for fully 
committed bridge financing of $15.7 billion we had secured in concurrence with the announcement of the 
acquisition agreement was terminated.

36

Access to Capital and Credit Ratings

Our ability to generate cash flow from operations, issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and 

attract long-term capital on acceptable terms could be adversely affected in the event there was a material 
decline in the demand for our products, deterioration in our key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other 
significantly unfavorable changes in conditions.

Our corporate credit ratings with the rating agencies Standard & Poor's Ratings Services ("S&P"), 
Moody's Investor Service (Moody's) and Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") were as follows at September 30, 2017:

 
Ratings:

Senior Unsecured Debt
Commercial Paper

Outlook

S&P

  
  
  
  
   Negative

BBB+
A-2

   Moody’s
  
  
  
   Negative

Baa2
P-2

Fitch

BBB-

Stable

 Upon our announcement of the agreement to acquire Bard, S&P placed our corporate credit rating of 

BBB+ on CreditWatch. The BBB+ rating S&P assigned to our new term loan facility and the senior unsecured 
U.S. notes we issued in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 have also been placed on CreditWatch by the ratings 
agency. S&P has indicated that this placement will be resolved upon the acquisition's closing, which is expected 
to occur in the fourth calendar quarter of 2017, and that our corporate debt rating by S&P will be lowered one 
notch to BBB. S&P also assigned a BBB- rating to the previously discussed mandatory convertible preferred 
stock we issued in May 2017. 

Also upon our announcement of the agreement to acquire Bard, Moody's placed our Baa2 and P-2 ratings 

on review for downgrade and these ratings currently remain under review. Additionally, Moody's assigned a 
corporate credit rating of Ba1 to our new term loan facility and to all of the tranches of senior unsecured U.S. 
notes issued in the third quarter, except for the tranche of 2.133% notes due June 6, 2019, which was assigned a 
corporate credit rating of Baa2. Moody's assigned a corporate credit rating of Baa2 to euro-denominated notes 
we also issued in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. Moody's has placed the ratings assigned to the tranche of 
2.133% notes and the euro-denominated notes on review for downgrade. Moody's also assigned a Ba1 rating to 
the BD notes we are offering in exchange of exiting Bard notes. Upon the closing of the Bard acquisition, we 
expect Moody’s to downgrade our credit rating to below investment grade.

Additionally upon our announcement of the Bard agreement, Fitch assigned corporate debt ratings to BD 
for the first time and assigned BD a Long-term Issuer Default Rating of BBB- and an outlook of Stable. Fitch 
also assigned a BBB- rating to the euro-denominated notes we issued in the third quarter.

There were no changes to BD's long-term debt and commercial paper ratings during 2016.  Lower 
corporate debt ratings and further downgrades of our corporate credit ratings or other credit ratings may 
increase our cost of borrowing.  We believe that given our debt ratings, our financial management policies, our 
ability to generate cash flow and the non-cyclical, geographically diversified nature of our businesses, we would 
have access to additional short-term and long-term capital should the need arise. A rating reflects only the view 
of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Ratings can be revised upward or 
downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a 
change.
Contractual Obligations

In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make 

payments in the future. The table below sets forth BD’s significant contractual obligations and related scheduled 
payments as of September 30, 2017:

37

Total

2018

2019 to
2020

2021 to
2022

2023 and
Thereafter

 
Short-term debt
Long-term debt(A)
Operating leases
Purchase obligations(B)
Unrecognized tax benefits(C)

Total(D)

$

$

208
26,897
277
1,077
—
28,458

$

$

(Millions of dollars)

208
615
67
682
—
1,572

$

$

— $

— $

4,986
104
330
—
5,420

$

5,001
66
65
—
5,132

$

—
16,295
39
—
—
16,334

 

(A)  Long-term debt obligations include expected principal and interest obligations.
(B)  Purchase obligations are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and 

capital requirements.

(C)  Unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2017 of $349 million were all long-term in nature. Due to 
the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of these tax positions, the related liability has been 
excluded from the table.

(D)  Required funding obligations for 2018 relating to pension and other postretirement benefit plans are not 

expected to be material.

Critical Accounting Policies

The following discussion supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in Note 1 to 
the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  The 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to use estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent 
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. Some of those judgments can be 
subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. Management bases 
its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be 
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the 
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. For any given estimate 
or assumption made by management, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same 
facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. Actual results that differ from management’s 
estimates could have an unfavorable effect on our consolidated financial statements. Management believes the 
following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

Revenue Recognition

Some of our sales transactions qualify as multiple-element arrangements which require us to identify 
separate units of accounting within the arrangement and allocate the transaction consideration across these 
separate accounting units. For arrangements that include software and non-software elements, the transaction 
consideration is allocated to the software elements as a group as well as to the individual non-software elements 
that have been separately identified. The identification of accounting units and the allocation of total transaction 
consideration for multiple-element arrangements may be subjective and requires a degree of management 
judgment. Management’s judgments relative to multiple-element arrangements may affect the timing of revenue 
recognition.

Transaction consideration for separately identified non-software units of accounting within an 

arrangement is recognized upon the completion of each deliverable based on its relative selling price. When 
applying the relative selling price method, the selling price of each deliverable is determined based upon the 
following hierarchy of evidence: vendor-specific objective evidence, which is generally based upon historical 
prices in stand-alone transactions; third-party evidence, which is generally based on market data on sales of 
similar products and services, if available; and management’s best estimate of selling price. Management’s best 
estimate of selling price is generally based upon the following considerations: stand-alone sales prices, 

38

established price lists, costs to produce, profit margins for similar products, market conditions, and customer 
stratification.

For software and software-related products, we use the relative fair value method to allocate transaction 

consideration to each unit of accounting; whereby the evidence used in the determination of fair value estimates 
are based solely on vendor-specific objective evidence. To the extent that vendor specific objective evidence 
does not exist for delivered elements of the transaction, we apply the residual method.

The revenue allocated to equipment or instruments in multiple-element arrangements is recognized upon 

transfer of title and risk of loss to the customer. The revenue allocated to extended warranty contracts and 
software maintenance contracts is deferred and recognized as these deliverables are performed under the 
arrangement. The majority of deferred revenue relating to extended warranty contracts is generally recognized 
within a few years whereas deferred revenue relating to software maintenance contracts is generally recognized 
over a longer period.

Accounting for Sales-Type Leases

Our accounting for sales-type leases, which are primarily associated with dispensing products within our 
Medication Management Solutions unit, is based upon certain assumptions including the economic life of our 
leased products and the fair value of our leased products, which is used to determine the interest rate implicit to 
the lease. These assumptions affect that amount of gross investment in the lease, unearned income, and the sales 
price that is recognized relative to each sales-type lease transaction. The economic life of our leased products is 
based on the estimated period during which the leased product is expected to be economically usable, without 
limitation by the lease term, and includes an estimate of future technological advances. 

The fair value of our leased products is estimated on a quarterly basis, based upon transacted cash sales 

prices during the preceding 12-month period, and represents normal selling price, reflecting any volume or trade 
discounts that may apply. Because our products are sold as part of customized systems to a diverse range of 
customers, many of which are affiliated with a group purchasing organization or integrated delivery network, 
there is a wide range of negotiated cash selling prices for our products. Accordingly, we stratify our cash selling 
transactions based on product configuration and customer class to determine an estimate of fair value for each 
product specific, within determined customer classes. Based upon this stratification, we calculate the weighted 
average selling price of each configured product using the interquartile range methodology and remove outliers 
from the population of normal cash selling prices, which narrows the range of selling prices within each 
stratified customer class. The resulting weighted average selling price is the single point estimate of fair value 
that we use as the normal selling price and this fair value estimate is used to determine the implicit interest rate 
for each product subject to a sales-type lease arrangement. In certain instances, we do not have sufficient 
corresponding historical cash selling transactions to support fair values of specific combinations of product 
configurations and customer classes. In these instances, fair value is estimated by applying the average discount 
percentage given to the respective customer class, over the trailing 12 months, to the list price of the products 
whose fair value was not determined using the interquartile range methodology described above. The resulting 
fair value(s) is then used to derive the implicit rate of the lease.  The interest rate implicit to the lease is then 
used to determine the amount of revenue recognized at the inception of the lease and the revenue recognized 
over the life of the lease.

Our net investment in sales-type leases primarily arises from the leasing of dispensing equipment and as 

such, the methodology for determining the relating allowance for credit losses is based on the collective 
population and is not stratified by class or portfolio segment. The allowance for credit losses is based on 
historical experience loss rates as well as on management’s judgments regarding the potential impact of 
anticipated changes in business practices, market dynamics, and economic conditions. These assumptions are 
inherently subjective and it is possible that we will experience actual credit losses that are different from our 
current estimates.

In April 2017, in conjunction with the implementation of a new go-to-market business model for our 

dispensing business, we amended new and existing leases to provide a limited return option.  Prior to the 
amendment these leases were accounted for as sales-type leases in accordance with Accounting Standards 

39

Codification 840, Leases, as the typical non-cancellable lease term of 5 years exceeded 75% of the equipment’s 
estimated useful life and the present value of the minimum lease payments exceeded 90% of the equipment’s 
fair value.  As sales-type leases, we recognized revenue upon installation of equipment at a customer site based 
on the present value of the minimum lease payments.  As a result of the contract amendment, the amended lease 
term is shortened and as a result, the majority of leases no longer meet the criteria for recognition as sales-type 
leases.  Accordingly, the leases have been classified as operating leases as of the modification date and revenue 
is generally recognized ratably over the lease term.  

Accounting for Software Products

We sell and lease products with embedded software and as such, we must evaluate these products to 

determine if industry-specific revenue recognition requirements apply to these sales transactions. This 
evaluation process is often complex and subject to significant judgment. If software is considered not essential 
to the non-software elements of a product but is considered more than incidental to a product as a whole, the 
product’s software elements must be separated from its non-software elements under the requirements relating 
to multiple-element arrangements. The product’s software elements must be accounted for under software 
industry-specific revenue recognition requirements and the application of these requirements may significantly 
affect the timing and amount of revenue recognized.

While we have determined that the software embedded in the following product groupings is more than 
incidental to the products as a whole, the non-software elements (i.e., hardware) and software elements work 
together to deliver the essential functionality of these products as a whole. As such, the accounting for these 
product offerings does not fall within the scope of software industry-specific accounting requirements: 

• 

Infusion products (when sold with safety software, patient identification products and certain 
diagnostic equipment) within our Medication Management Solutions unit;

•  Dispensing products within our Medication Management Solutions unit;
•  Research and clinical instruments within our Biosciences unit.

Our standalone software application sales and any related post-contract support related to these sales are 

accounted for under the software industry-specific revenue recognition requirements.

Impairment of Assets

Goodwill and in-process research and development assets are subject to impairment reviews at least 

annually, or whenever indicators of impairment arise. Intangible assets with finite lives, including developed 
technology, and other long-lived assets, are periodically reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators 
are present.

We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or 

one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. Our reporting units generally represent one 
level below reporting segments and we aggregate components within an operating segment that have similar 
economic characteristics. Potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the fair value of a 
reporting unit with its carrying value. Our annual goodwill impairment test performed on July 1, 2017 did not 
result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. 

We generally use the income approach to derive the fair value for impairment assessments. This approach 

calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash 
flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. We selected this method because we believe the 
income approach most appropriately measures our income producing assets. This approach requires significant 
management judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working 
capital use, appropriate discount rates and other assumptions and estimates. The estimates and assumptions used 
are consistent with BD’s business plans. The use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or 
decrease the estimated fair value of the asset, and potentially result in different impacts to BD’s results of 
operations. Actual results may differ from management’s estimates.

40

Income Taxes

BD maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax 

asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of 
change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, management evaluates factors such as prior 
earnings history, expected future earnings, carry back and carry forward periods, and tax strategies that could 
potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset.

BD conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress 

in a number of tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we 
record accruals for uncertain tax positions based on the technical support for the positions, our past audit 
experience with similar situations, and the potential interest and penalties related to the matters. BD’s effective 
tax rate in any given period could be impacted if, upon resolution with taxing authorities, we prevailed in 
positions for which reserves have been established, or we were required to pay amounts in excess of established 
reserves.

BD has reviewed its needs in the U.S. for possible repatriation of undistributed earnings of its foreign 

subsidiaries and, with exception for certain countries, continues to invest foreign subsidiaries earnings outside 
of the U.S. to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment 
expenditure needs. Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are 
indefinitely reinvested. At September 30, 2017, the cumulative amount of such undistributed earnings 
indefinitely reinvested outside the United States was $9.6 billion. The determination of the amount of the 
unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the undistributed earnings is not practicable because of the 
complexities associated with its hypothetical calculation.

Contingencies

We are involved, both as a plaintiff and a defendant, in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary 

course of business, including, without limitation, product liability, antitrust and environmental matters, as 
further discussed in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data. We assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as 
well as potential ranges of probable losses. We establish accruals to the extent probable future losses are 
estimable (in the case of environmental matters, without considering possible third-party recoveries). A 
determination of the amount of accruals, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each 
individual issue and, when appropriate, is developed after consultation with outside counsel. The accruals may 
change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in our strategy in dealing with these 
matters.

Given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or 

range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. In view of 
these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent 
available, excess liability insurance. In the opinion of management, any such future charges, individually or in 
the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on BD’s consolidated results of operations and consolidated 
net cash flows.

Benefit Plans

We have significant net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit costs that are 
measured using actuarial valuations. These benefit costs include assumptions for the discount rate. Pension 
benefit costs also include an assumption for the expected return on plan assets. These assumptions have a 
significant effect on the amounts reported. In addition to the analysis below, see Note 8 to the consolidated 
financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional 
discussion.

The discount rate is selected each year based on investment grade bonds and other factors as of the 

measurement date (September 30). Specifically for the U.S. pension plan, we will use a discount rate of 3.73% 
for 2018, which was based on an actuarially-determined, company-specific yield curve to measure liabilities as 

41

of the measurement date.  To calculate the pension expense in 2018, we will apply the individual spot rates 
along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments in order 
to calculate interest cost and service cost. Additional disclosures regarding the method to be used in calculating 
the interest cost and service cost components of pension expense for 2018 are provided in Note 8 to the 
consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  The 
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, although reviewed each year, changes less 
frequently due to the long-term nature of the assumption. This assumption does not impact the measurement of 
assets or liabilities as of the measurement date; rather, it is used only in the calculation of pension expense. To 
determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider many factors, including our 
historical assumptions compared with actual results; benchmark data; expected returns on various plan asset 
classes, as well as current and expected asset allocations. We will use a long-term expected rate of return on 
plan assets assumption of 7.25% for the U.S. pension plan in 2018. We believe our discount rate and expected 
long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions are appropriate based upon the above factors.
Sensitivity to changes in key assumptions for our U.S. pension and other postretirement and 

postemployment plans are as follows:

•  Discount rate — A change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would 

have an estimated $5 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on the total U.S. net pension and other 
postretirement and postemployment benefit plan costs.  This estimate assumes no change in the shape or 
steepness of the company-specific yield curve used to plot the individual spot rates that will be applied 
to the future cash outflows for future benefit payments in order to calculate interest and service cost.

•  Expected return on plan assets — A change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held 
constant, would have an estimated $3 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on U.S. pension plan costs.

Share-Based Compensation

Compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions is recognized in net income using a fair 

value measurement method. All share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock 
options, are recognized in the statement of operations as compensation expense (based on their fair values) over 
the vesting period of the awards. We determine the fair value of certain share-based awards using a lattice-based 
binomial option valuation model that incorporates certain assumptions, such as the risk-free interest rate, 
expected volatility, expected dividend yield and expected life of the options. See Note 7 to the consolidated 
financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional 
discussion.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

BD and its representatives may from time to time make certain forward-looking statements in publicly 

released materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, press releases, and our reports to shareholders. Forward-looking statements may be 
identified by the use of words such as “plan,” “expect,” “believe,” “intend,” “will,”, “may”, “anticipate,” 
“estimate” and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things, discussions of future 
operations and financial performance (including volume growth, sales and earnings per share growth, and cash 
flows) and statements regarding our strategy for growth, future product development, regulatory approvals, 
competitive position and expenditures.  All statements that address our future operating performance or events 
or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements are, and will be, based on management’s then-current views and assumptions 

regarding future events, developments and operating performance, and speak only as of their dates. Investors 
should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual 
results could vary materially from our expectations and projections. Investors are therefore cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we undertake no obligation to update or 
revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, 

42

future events and developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulations.

The following are some important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our 

expectations in any forward-looking statements. For further discussion of certain of these factors, see Item 1A. 
Risk Factors.

•  Weakness in the global economy and financial markets, which could increase the cost of operating our 
business, weaken demand for our products and services, negatively impact the prices we can charge for 
our products and services, or impair our ability to produce our products.

•  Competitive factors that could adversely affect our operations, including new product introductions (for 

example, new forms of drug delivery) by our current or future competitors, increased pricing pressure 
due to the impact of low-cost manufacturers, patents attained by competitors (particularly as patents on 
our products expire), and new entrants into our markets.

•  The adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
•  Regional, national and foreign economic factors, including inflation, deflation, and fluctuations in 

interest rates, and their potential effect on our operating performance.

•  Our ability to achieve our projected level or mix of product sales, as our earnings forecasts are based on 

projected sales volumes and pricing of many product types, some of which are more profitable than 
others.

•  Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or adverse decisions relating to our products 

by such payers, which could reduce demand for our products or the price we can charge for such 
products.

•  The impact of the medical device excise tax under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the 

"PPACA") in the United States.  This tax has been suspended through December 31, 2017, and it is 
uncertain whether the suspension will be extended beyond that date. 

•  Healthcare reform in the U.S. or in other countries in which we do business that may involve changes in 

government pricing and reimbursement policies or other cost containment reforms.

•  Changes in domestic and foreign healthcare industry practices that result in a reduction in procedures 

using our products or increased pricing pressures, including the continued consolidation among 
healthcare providers and trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment.  

•  The impact of changes in U.S. federal laws and policy that could affect fiscal and tax policies, 

• 

• 

healthcare, and international trade agreements.
Fluctuations in the cost and availability of oil-based resins and other raw materials, as well as certain 
components, used in our products, the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and 
relationships (particularly with respect to sole-source suppliers), and the potential adverse effects of any 
disruption in the availability of such items.
Security breaches of our information technology  systems or our products, which could impair our 
ability to conduct business, result in the loss of BD trade secrets or otherwise compromise sensitive 
information of BD or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of customers' patients, or 
result in product efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products.

•  Difficulties inherent in product development, including the potential inability to successfully continue 

technological innovation, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals in the United 
States and abroad, obtain intellectual property protection for our products, obtain coverage and adequate 
reimbursement for new products, or gain and maintain market approval of products, as well as the 
possibility of infringement claims by competitors with respect to patents or other intellectual property 
rights, all of which can preclude or delay commercialization of a product.  Delays in obtaining 
necessary approvals or clearances from the FDA or other regulatory agencies or changes in the 

43

regulatory process may also delay product launches and increase development costs.

•  The impact of business combinations, including any volatility in earnings relating to acquisition-related 

costs, and our ability to successfully integrate any business we may acquire.

•  Our ability to penetrate or expand our operations in emerging markets, which depends on local 

economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to acquire or form strategic business 
alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities 
and distribution networks. Our international operations also increase our compliance risks, including 
risks under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws.
Political conditions in international markets, including civil unrest, terrorist activity, governmental 
changes, trade barriers, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders and governmental 
expropriation of assets.  This includes the possible impact of the June 2016 advisory referendum by 
British voters to exit the European Union, which has created uncertainties affecting business operations 
in the United Kingdom and the EU. 

•  Deficit reduction efforts or other actions that reduce the availability of government funding for 

healthcare and research, which could weaken demand for our products and result in additional pricing 
pressures, as well as create potential collection risks associated with such sales.
Fluctuations in university or U.S. and international governmental funding and policies for life sciences 
research.
Fluctuations in the demand for products we sell to pharmaceutical companies that are used to 
manufacture, or are sold with, the products of such companies, as a result of funding constraints, 
consolidation or otherwise.

•  The effects of events that adversely impact our ability to manufacture our products (particularly where 
production of a product line is concentrated in one or more plants) or our ability to source materials or 
components from suppliers (including sole-source suppliers) that are needed for such manufacturing.  In 
particular, damage to our manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico resulting from Hurricane Maria in 
September 2017 could adversely impact our revenue and earnings results for fiscal year 2018.
Pending and potential future litigation or other proceedings adverse to BD, including antitrust, product 
liability, environmental and patent infringement, and the availability or collectability of insurance 
relating to any such claims.

• 

•  New or changing laws and regulations affecting our domestic and foreign operations, or changes in 

enforcement practices, including laws relating to trade, monetary and fiscal policies, taxation (including 
tax reforms that could adversely impact multinational corporations), sales practices, environmental 
protection, price controls, and licensing and regulatory requirements for new products and products in 
the postmarketing phase. In particular, the U.S. and other countries may impose new requirements 
regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to re-register products 
already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products. Environmental laws, 
particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent 
throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate changes in our 
manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to BD.
Product efficacy or safety concerns regarding our products resulting in product recalls, regulatory action 
on the part of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or foreign counterparts, declining sales 
and product liability claims, and damage to our reputation.  As a result of the CareFusion acquisition, 
we are operating under a consent decree with the FDA relating to our U.S. infusion pump business. The 
consent decree authorizes the FDA, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease 
manufacturing and distributing products, recall products or take other actions, and we may be required 
to pay significant monetary damages if we fail to comply with any provision of the consent decree.

• 

• 

• 

• 

•  Risks relating to our acquisition of CareFusion, including our ability to continue to successfully 

44

combine and integrate the CareFusion operations in order to fully obtain the anticipated benefits and 
costs savings from the transaction.

•  Risks related to our pending acquisition of Bard, including:

  The failure to satisfy the conditions to completing the transaction, including obtaining required 

regulatory approvals.

  Conditions to obtaining regulatory approval that may place restrictions on the business of the 

combined company.

  Our failure to obtain the anticipated benefits and costs savings from the acquisition.
  The impact of the additional debt we incurred and the equity and equity-linked securities that we 

issued to finance the acquisition, including on our credit ratings and costs of borrowing.

•  The effect of adverse media exposure or other publicity regarding BD’s business or operations, 

including the effect on BD’s reputation or demand for its products.

•  The effect of market fluctuations on the value of assets in BD’s pension plans and on actuarial interest 
rate and asset return assumptions, which could require BD to make additional contributions to the plans 
or increase our pension plan expense.

•  Our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of restructuring programs, if any, that we may undertake.
• 
Issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the 
Securities and Exchange Commission.

The foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results 
described in any forward-looking statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or 
identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and 
uncertainties.
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

The information required by this item is included in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 

Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in Notes 1, 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial 
statements contained in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and is incorporated herein by 
reference.

45

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Management’s Responsibilities

Reports of Management

The following financial statements have been prepared by management in conformity with U.S. generally 
accepted accounting principles and include, where required, amounts based on the best estimates and judgments 
of management. The integrity and objectivity of data in the financial statements and elsewhere in this Annual 
Report are the responsibility of management.

In fulfilling its responsibilities for the integrity of the data presented and to safeguard the Company’s 

assets, management employs a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance, 
at appropriate cost, that the Company’s assets are protected and that transactions are appropriately authorized, 
recorded and summarized. This system of control is supported by the selection of qualified personnel, by 
organizational assignments that provide appropriate delegation of authority and division of responsibilities, and 
by the dissemination of written policies and procedures. This control structure is further reinforced by a 
program of internal audits, including a policy that requires responsive action by management.

The Board of Directors monitors the internal control system, including internal accounting and financial 

reporting controls, through its Audit Committee, which consists of eight independent Directors. The Audit 
Committee meets periodically with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and 
management to review the work of each and to satisfy itself that they are properly discharging their 
responsibilities. The independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors have full and free 
access to the Audit Committee and meet with its members, with and without management present, to discuss the 
scope and results of their audits including internal control, auditing and financial reporting matters.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 

reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Act of 1934. Management conducted an assessment 
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal 
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment and those criteria, management concluded that 
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2017.

The financial statements and internal control over financial reporting have been audited by Ernst & Young 

LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. Ernst & Young’s reports with respect to fairness of the 
presentation of the financial statements, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, are 
included herein.

/s/ Vincent A. Forlenza
Vincent A. Forlenza
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Christopher Reidy

  
   Christopher Reidy

Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Chief
Administrative Officer

  

/s/ John Gallagher

  
   John Gallagher

Senior Vice President, Corporate 
Finance, Controller and Treasurer

  

46

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Becton, Dickinson and Company

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Becton, Dickinson and Company as of 

September 30, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income and 
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2017. These financial statements are 
the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial 
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 

Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes 
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An 
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as 
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable 
basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the 

consolidated financial position of Becton, Dickinson and Company at September 30, 2017 and 2016, and the 
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
September 30, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 

Board (United States), Becton, Dickinson and Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of 
September 30, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated 
November 22, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

New York, New York
November 22, 2017

/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

47

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Becton, Dickinson and Company

We have audited Becton, Dickinson and Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of 

September 30, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). 
Becton, Dickinson and Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over 
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting 
included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our 
audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 

Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material 
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 

assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over 
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of 
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect 

misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that 
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, Becton, Dickinson and Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal 

control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2017, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 

Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Becton, Dickinson and Company as of September 30, 
2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income and cash flows for 
each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2017 of Becton, Dickinson and Company, and our 
report dated November 22, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

New York, New York
November 22, 2017

/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

48

Consolidated Statements of Income
Becton, Dickinson and Company

Years Ended September 30

2017

2016

2015

$

12,093

$

12,483

$

10,282

6,151
2,925
774
354
410
10,615
1,478
(521)
76
(57)
976
(124)
1,100
(70)
1,030

4.70

4.60

$

$

$

6,492
3,005
828
728
—
11,053
1,430
(388)
21
11
1,074
97
976
—
976

4.59

4.49

$

$

$

$

$

$

5,587
2,563
632
426
—
9,207
1,074
(371)
15
21
739
44
695
—
695

3.43

3.35

 

Millions of dollars, except per share amounts

Revenues

Cost of products sold
Selling and administrative expense
Research and development expense
Acquisitions and other restructurings
Other operating expense, net

Total Operating Costs and Expenses

Operating Income
Interest expense
Interest income
Other (expense) income, net
Income Before Income Taxes
Income tax (benefit) provision
Net Income
Preferred stock dividends
Net income applicable to common shareholders

Basic Earnings per Share

Diluted Earnings per Share

49

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Becton, Dickinson and Company

Years Ended September 30

 

Millions of dollars
Net Income
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans
Cash flow hedges

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
Comprehensive Income (Loss)

2017

2016

2015

1,100

$

976

$

11
179
17
206
1,306

$

(50)
(141)
1
(191)
786

$

695

(692)
(36)
(9)
(737)
(42)

$

$

50

 

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Becton, Dickinson and Company

September 30

Millions of dollars, except per share amounts and numbers of shares
Assets
Current Assets

Cash and equivalents
Short-term investments
Trade receivables, net
Current portion of net investment in sales-type leases
Inventories
Assets held for sale
Prepaid expenses and other

Total Current Assets

Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Goodwill
Customer Relationships, Net
Developed Technology, Net
Other Intangibles, Net
  Net Investment in Sales-Type Leases, Less Current Portion
Other Assets
Total Assets
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
Current Liabilities
Short-term debt
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Salaries, wages and related items
Income taxes
Liabilities held for sale

Total Current Liabilities

Long-Term Debt
Long-Term Employee Benefit Obligations
Deferred Income Taxes and Other
Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 5)
Shareholders’ Equity

Preferred stock
Common stock — $1 par value: authorized — 640,000,000 shares; issued
— 346,687,160 shares in 2017 and 332,662,160 shares in 2016.
Capital in excess of par value
Retained earnings
Deferred compensation
Common stock in treasury — at cost — 118,744,758 shares in 2017 and
119,370,934 shares in 2016.
Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total Shareholders’ Equity

Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

51

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

14,179
21
1,744
16
1,818
—
856
18,633
4,638
7,563
2,830
2,478
585
38
968
37,734

203
797
1,393
773
176
—
3,342
18,667
1,168
1,609

2

347
9,619
13,111
19

(8,427)
(1,723)
12,948
37,734

$

$

$

$

1,541
27
1,618
339
1,719
642
480
6,367
3,901
7,419
3,022
2,655
604
796
824
25,586

1,001
665
1,575
696
274
189
4,400
10,550
1,319
1,684

—

333
4,693
12,727
22

(8,212)
(1,929)
7,633
25,586

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Becton, Dickinson and Company

Years Ended September 30

2017

2016

2015

$

1,100

$

976

$

695

Millions of dollars
Operating Activities
Net income
Adjustments to net income to derive net cash provided by
operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization
Share-based compensation
Deferred income taxes
Change in operating assets and liabilities:

Trade receivables, net
Net investment in sales-type leases
Inventories
Prepaid expenses and other
Accounts payable, income taxes and other liabilities

Pension obligation
Excess tax benefits from payments under share-based
compensation plans
Lease contract modification-related charge
Other, net

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Investing Activities
Capital expenditures
Proceeds from (purchases of) investments, net
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired
Divestitures of businesses, net
Other, net
Net Cash Used for Investing Activities
Financing Activities
Change in short-term debt
Proceeds from long-term debt
Payments of debt
Proceeds from issuance of equity securities
Repurchase of common stock
Excess tax benefit from payments under share-based compensation
plans
Dividends paid
Other, net
Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents
Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Equivalents
Opening Cash and Equivalents
Closing Cash and Equivalents

$

52

1,088
174
(236)

(93)
14
(46)
(380)
134
84

77
748
(114)
2,550

(727)
13
(174)
165
(161)
(883)

(200)
11,462
(3,980)
4,827
(220)

—
(677)
(234)
10,977
(6)
12,638
1,541
14,179

1,114
196
(426)

(128)
51
69
39
368
(32)

—
—
332
2,559

(693)
(1)
—
158
(133)
(669)

(500)
—
(752)
—
—

86
(562)
(32)
(1,761)
(12)
117
1,424
1,541

$

$

891
166
(336)

(2)
28
200
(97)
145
28

—
—
11
1,730

(596)
840
(8,414)
—
(147)
(8,318)

497
6,164
(6)
—
—

48
(485)
(27)
6,190
(38)
(436)
1,861
1,424

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Millions of dollars, except per share amounts and numbers of shares

Becton, Dickinson and Company

Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of 

Becton, Dickinson and Company (the “Company”) have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally 
accepted accounting principles. Within the financial statements and tables presented, certain columns and rows 
may not add due to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. Percentages and earnings per share 
amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts.  Our fiscal year ends on September 30.

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the Company’s accounts and those of its majority-owned 

subsidiaries after the elimination of intercompany transactions. The Company has no material interests in 
variable interest entities.

Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents consist of all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at time of 

purchase.

Short-Term Investments

Short-term investments consist of time deposits with maturities greater than three months and less than 

one year when purchased.

Trade and Financing Receivables

The Company grants credit to customers in the normal course of business and the resulting trade 
receivables are stated at their net realizable value.  The allowance for doubtful accounts represents the 
Company’s estimate of probable credit losses relating to trade receivables and is determined based on historical 
experience and other specific account data. Amounts are written off against the allowances for doubtful 
accounts when the Company determines that a customer account is uncollectible.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of first-in, first-out cost or market.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. 

Depreciation and amortization are principally provided on the straight-line basis over estimated useful lives, 
which range from 20 to 45 years for buildings, four to 13 years for machinery and equipment and one to 12 
years for leasehold improvements. Depreciation and amortization expense was $406 million, $452 million and 
$417 million in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

The Company’s unamortized intangible assets include goodwill and in-process research and development 

assets which arise from acquisitions. The Company currently reviews all indefinite-lived assets, including 
goodwill, for impairment using quantitative models. Goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment at 
the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, 
referred to as a component. The Company’s reporting units generally represent one level below reporting 
segments, and components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics are 

53

aggregated. Potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit, 
estimated using an income approach, with its carrying value. The annual impairment review performed on July 
1, 2017 indicated that all identified reporting units’ fair values exceeded their respective carrying values.

The review for impairment of in-process research and development assets is performed by comparing the 
fair value of the technology or project assets, estimated using an income approach, with their carrying value. In-
process research and development assets are considered indefinite-lived assets and are reviewed at least 
annually for impairment until projects are completed or abandoned. Certain trademarks that are considered to 
generate cash flows indefinitely are also considered to be indefinite-lived intangible assets and these assets are 
also reviewed at least annually for impairment.

Amortized intangible assets include developed technology assets which arise from acquisitions. These 

assets represent acquired intellectual property that is already technologically feasible upon the acquisition date 
or acquired in-process research and development assets that are completed subsequent to acquisition. Developed 
technology assets are generally amortized over periods ranging from 15 to 20 years, using the straight-line 
method. Other intangibles with finite useful lives, which include patents, are amortized over periods principally 
ranging from one to 40 years, using the straight-line method. Finite-lived intangible assets, including developed 
technology assets, are periodically reviewed when impairment indicators are present to assess recoverability 
from future operations using undiscounted cash flows. The carrying values of these finite-lived assets are 
compared to the undiscounted cash flows they are expected to generate and an impairment loss is recognized in 
operating results to the extent any finite-lived intangible asset’s carrying value exceeds its calculated fair value.

Foreign Currency Translation

Generally, foreign subsidiaries’ functional currency is the local currency of operations and the net assets 
of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results that 
arise from such translation, as well as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of a long-term 
investment nature, are included in the foreign currency translation adjustments in Accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss).

Revenue Recognition

Revenue from product sales is typically recognized when all of the following criteria have been met: 

persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; product 
price is fixed or determinable; collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Certain sales 
arrangements contain multiple deliverables, including equipment and service deliverables, which requires the 
Company to determine the separate units of account.  If the deliverable meets the criteria of a separate unit of 
accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to each element based upon its relative selling price. In 
determining the best evidence of selling price of a unit of account the Company utilizes vendor-specific 
objective evidence (“VSOE”), which is the price the Company charges when the deliverable is sold separately. 
When VSOE is not available, management uses relevant third-party evidence (“TPE”) of selling price, if 
available. When neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exists, management uses its best estimate of selling 
price.

Revenue allocated to equipment deliverables is recognized upon customer acceptance, which occurs after 
the transfer of title and risk of loss to the customer and the completion of installation or training services. When 
related training services are considered inconsequential, delivery is deemed to occur upon the transfer of title 
and risk of loss, at which time revenue and the costs associated with installation and training are recognized.

For equipment lease revenue, transactions are evaluated and classified as either operating leases or sales-

type leases.  Lease income for products sold under sales-type leases is recognized as revenue upon the 
completion of installation activities in the amount of the present value of the minimum lease payments.  The 
financing component of sales-type leases is recorded as revenue over the lease term.  For products sold under 
operating leases, revenue is recognized at the contracted rate over the rental period, as defined within the 
customer agreement.

54

For products sold and leased with embedded software, if software is considered not essential to the non-
software elements of a product but is considered more than incidental to a product as a whole, the product’s 
software elements must be separated from its non-software elements under the requirements relating to 
multiple-element arrangements and accounted for under software industry-specific revenue recognition 
requirements.  However, if it is determined that the embedded software is more than incidental to the product as 
a whole but the non-software elements and software elements work together to deliver the essential 
functionality of the products as a whole, then the accounting for such product does not fall within the scope of 
software industry-specific accounting requirements.

The Company’s domestic businesses sell products primarily to distributors that resell the products to end-
user customers. Rebates are provided to distributors that sell to end-user customers at prices determined under a 
contract between the Company and the end-user customer. Provisions for rebates, as well as sales discounts and 
returns, are based upon estimates and are accounted for as a reduction of revenues when revenue is recognized.
 

Shipping and Handling Costs

Shipping and handling costs are included in Selling and administrative expense. Shipping expense was 

$365 million, $401 million and $351 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Derivative Financial Instruments

All derivatives are recorded in the balance sheet at fair value and changes in fair value are recognized 

currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met.  Any deferred gains or losses associated 
with derivative instruments are recognized in income in the period in which the underlying hedged transaction 
is recognized. Additional disclosures regarding the Company's accounting for derivative instruments are 
provided in Note 13.

Income Taxes

United States income taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries where such 

undistributed earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. Deferred taxes are provided for 
earnings of foreign subsidiaries when those earnings are not considered indefinitely reinvested. Income taxes 
are provided and tax credits are recognized based on tax laws enacted at the dates of the financial statements.

The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits 

in progress in a number of tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing 
positions, the Company records accruals for uncertain tax positions, based on the technical support for the 
positions, past audit experience with similar situations, and the potential interest and penalties related to the 
matters.

The Company maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a 

deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances are included in the tax provision in the 
period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, management evaluates factors 
such as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carryback and carryforward periods and tax strategies 
that could potentially enhance the likelihood of the realization of a deferred tax asset.  Additional disclosures 
regarding the Company's accounting for income taxes are provided in Note 16.

Earnings per Share

Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the 
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential 
dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into 
common stock.  In computing diluted earnings per share, only potential common shares that are dilutive (i.e., 
those that reduce earnings per share or increase loss per share) are included in the calculation.

55

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates or assumptions affect reported assets, 
liabilities, revenues and expenses as reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could 
differ from these estimates.

Note 2 — Accounting Changes

New Accounting Principle Adopted

On October 1, 2016, the Company prospectively adopted amended requirements issued by the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") relating to the timing of recognition and classification of share-based 
compensation award-related income tax effects.  Upon the settlement of awards during fiscal year 2017, the 
Company recorded tax benefits for the year ended of $77 million to Income tax provision (benefit) within its 
consolidated statement of income.  These tax benefits were recorded within Capital in excess of par value on 
the Company's consolidated balance sheet in the prior-year period.  Because these excess tax benefits are no 
longer recorded in Capital in excess of par value, the current period adjustment for the dilutive impact of share 
equivalents from share-based plans, which is used in the Company's computation of diluted earnings per share, 
increased by approximately 1 million shares.  Also per the amended guidance, the Company classified the $77 
million of excess tax benefits for the year ended September 30, 2017 on its consolidated statement of cash flows 
within Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities, rather than Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing 
Activities, which included the excess tax benefits for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The 
amended guidance allows entities to account for award forfeitures as they occur; however, the Company has 
elected to continue its determination of compensation cost recognized in each period based upon an estimate of 
expected future forfeitures.
New Accounting Principles Not Yet Adopted

In February 2016, the FASB issued a new lease accounting standard which requires lessees to recognize 

lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet. The new standard also requires expanded disclosures 
regarding leasing arrangements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this new lease accounting 
standard will have on its consolidated financial statements upon its adoption of the standard on October 1, 2019.
In May 2014, the FASB issued a new revenue recognition standard. Under this standard, revenue will be 

recognized upon the transfer of goods or services to customers and the amount of revenue recognized will 
reflect the consideration to which a reporting entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or 
services. The Company intends to adopt the standard, as required, on October 1, 2018 and recently completed 
an initial assessment to identify the potential areas of impact that this new revenue recognition standard will 
have on its consolidated financial statements.  As part of the initial assessment, the Company reviewed a 
representative sample of its contracts across its various businesses and geographies to identify potential 
differences that could result from applying the requirements of the new standard.  The analysis included 
identifying whether there may be differences in timing of revenue recognition under the new standard as well as 
assessing performance obligations, variable consideration, and contract costs. The Company has not yet 
estimated the impact of the new standard on the timing and pattern of its revenue recognition. The Company 
continues to evaluate the available adoption methods, and apprises its audit committee of the project status 
regularly.

56

Note 3 — Shareholders’ Equity

Changes in certain components of shareholders’ equity were as follows:

 

(Millions of dollars)
Balance at September 30, 2014
Net income
Cash dividends:
Common ($2.40 per share)
Common stock issued for:
Share-based compensation and
other plans, net
Acquisitions
Share-based compensation
Common stock held in trusts, net
Balance at September 30, 2015
Net income
Cash dividends:
Common ($2.64 per share)
Common stock issued for:
Share-based compensation and
other plans, net
Share-based compensation
Common stock held in trusts, net
Balance at September 30, 2016
Net income
Cash dividends:
Common ($2.92 per share)
  Preferred
Common stock issued for:
Public equity offerings
Share-based compensation and
other plans, net
Share-based compensation
Common stock held in trusts, net
Repurchase of common stock
Balance at September 30, 2017

Common
Stock  
Issued

at Par Value
$
333
—

Capital in
Excess of
Par Value
2,198
$
—

Retained
Earnings
$ 12,105
695

Deferred

Compensation
$
19
—

—

—
—
—
—
333
—

—

—
—
—
333
—

—
—

14

—
—
—
—
347

$

$

$

—

(485)

30
2,083
164
—
4,475
—

(2)
—
—
—
$ 12,314
976

—

(562)

27
191
—
4,693
—

—
—

4,810

(65)
180
—
—
9,619

(1)
—
—
$ 12,727
1,100

(645)
(70)

—

(1)
—
—
—
$ 13,111

$

$

$

$

$

$

—

1
—
—
—
20
—

—

2
—
—
22
—

—
—

—

(3)
—
—
—
19

Treasury Stock

Amount

Shares (in
thousands)
(140,770) $ (8,601)
—

—

—

—

2,839
15,959
—
5

(6)
368
—
—
(121,967) $ (8,239)
—

—

—

—

2,607
—
(11)

26
—
—
(119,371) $ (8,212)
—

—

—
—

—

—
—

—

1,908
—
7
(1,289)

6
—
—
(220)
(118,745) $ (8,427)

Common stock held in trusts represents rabbi trusts in connection with deferred compensation under the 

Company’s employee salary and bonus deferral plan and directors’ deferral plan.

Accelerated Share Repurchase Agreement  

Using proceeds received from the divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions business in the first quarter of 

fiscal year 2017, the Company repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of its common stock under an 

57

accelerated share repurchase agreement.  The repurchased shares were recorded as a $220 million increase to 
Common stock in treasury.

Common and Preferred Stock Offerings

In May 2017 and in connection with the Company's pending agreement to acquire C.R. Bard, Inc. 

("Bard"), which is further discussed in Note 9, the Company completed registered public offerings of equity 
securities including:

• 

• 

14.025 million shares of the Company's common stock for net proceeds of $2.4 billion (gross proceeds 
of $2.5 billion).
2.475 million shares of the Company's mandatory convertible preferred stock (ownership is held in the 
form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of preferred stock) for net 
proceeds of $2.4 billion (gross proceeds of $2.5 billion).  If and when declared, dividends on the 
mandatory convertible preferred stock will be payable on a cumulative basis at an annual rate of 
6.125% on the liquidation preference of $1,000 per preferred share ($50 per depositary share). The 
shares of preferred stock are convertible to a minimum of 11.7 million and up to a maximum of 14.0 
million shares of Company common stock at an exchange ratio that is based on the market price of the 
Company’s common stock at the date of conversion, and no later than the mandatory conversion date 
of May 1, 2020.

The Company will use the net proceeds from these offerings to finance a portion of the cash 

consideration payable upon the closing of the Bard acquisition, which the Company expects to occur in the 
fourth calendar quarter of 2017.  

The components and changes of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows:

Total
(1,001) $

$

Foreign
Currency
Translation

Benefit Plans

Cash Flow

Hedges

(270) $

(705) $

(Millions of dollars)
Balance at September 30, 2014
Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications,
net of taxes
Amounts reclassified into income, net of
taxes
Balance at September 30, 2015
Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications,
net of taxes
Amounts reclassified into income, net of
taxes
Balance at September 30, 2016
Other comprehensive income before
reclassifications, net of taxes
Amounts reclassified into income, net of
taxes
Balance at September 30, 2017

(787)

50

(692)

—

(80)

44

$

(1,738) $

(961) $

(741) $

(251)

60

(50)

—

(190)

48

$

(1,929) $

(1,011) $

(883) $

140

66

11

—

121

58

$

(1,723) $

(1,001) $

(703) $

(26)

(16)

6
(36)

(11)

12
(35)

8

8
(18)

The amount of foreign currency translation recognized in other comprehensive income during the year 
ended September 30, 2017 included net losses relating to net investment hedges, as further discussed in Note 
13.  The amount recognized in other comprehensive income during the year ended September 30, 2017 relating 
to cash flow hedges represented a net gain on forward starting interest rate swaps, which is further discussed in 
Note 13.

58

The tax impacts for amounts recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications were as 

follows:

(Millions of dollars)
Benefit Plans
Income tax (provision) benefit for net gains
(losses) recorded in other comprehensive income

Cash Flow Hedges
Income tax (provision) benefit for net gains
(losses) recorded in other comprehensive income

$

$

2017

2016

2015

(60) $

79

$

47

(5) $

7

$

10

Reclassifications out of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) relating to benefit plans and cash 

flow hedges in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial results

Note 4 — Earnings per Share

The weighted average common shares used in the computations of basic and diluted earnings per share 

(shares in thousands) for the years ended September 30 were as follows:

Average common shares outstanding
Dilutive share equivalents from share-based plans (A) (B)
Average common and common equivalent shares outstanding —
assuming dilution

2017
218,943
4,645

2016
212,702
4,834

2015
202,537
4,972

223,588

217,536

207,509

(A) 

(B) 

For the year ended September 30, 2017, 5 million dilutive share equivalents associated with mandatory 
convertible preferred stock issued during 2017, as further discussed in Note 3, were excluded from the 
diluted shares outstanding calculation because the result would have been antidilutive. For the years 
ended September 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 there were no options to purchase shares of common stock 
which were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation.
The adjustments to calculate diluted share equivalents from share-based plans in 2016 and 2015 
included excess tax benefits relating to share-based compensation awards. Upon the Company's 
adoption, as discussed in Note 2, of new accounting requirements relating to share-based compensation 
award-related income tax effects, the adjustment in 2017 excluded these excess tax benefits.

Note 5 — Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

Rental expense for all operating leases amounted to $110 million in 2017, $112 million in 2016 and $89 

million in 2015. Future minimum rental commitments on non-cancelable leases are as follows: 2018 — $67 
million; 2019 — $57 million; 2020 — $47 million; 2021 — $35 million; 2022 — $31 million and an aggregate 
of $39 million thereafter.

As of September 30, 2017, the Company has certain future purchase commitments aggregating to 

approximately $1.077 billion, which will be expended over the next several years.

59

Contingencies

Given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, the Company is not able, in all cases, to estimate the 

amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which the Company is 
a party. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the Company establishes accruals to 
the extent probable future losses are estimable (in the case of environmental matters, without considering 
possible third-party recoveries). In view of the uncertainties discussed below, the Company could incur charges 
in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, liability insurance. In the opinion of 
management, any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company’s consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows.

In June 2007, Retractable Technologies, Inc. (“RTI”) filed a complaint against the Company under the 

caption Retractable Technologies, Inc. vs. Becton Dickinson and Company (Civil Action No. 2:07-cv-250, U.S. 
District Court, Eastern District of Texas) alleging that the BD Integra™ syringes infringe patents licensed 
exclusively to RTI. In its complaint, RTI also alleged that the Company engaged in false advertising with 
respect to certain of the Company’s safety-engineered products in violation of the Lanham Act; acted to exclude 
RTI from various product markets and to maintain its market share through, among other things, exclusionary 
contracts in violation of state and federal antitrust laws; and engaged in unfair competition. In January 2008, the 
Court severed the patent and non-patent claims into separate cases, and stayed the non-patent claims during the 
pendency of the patent claims at the trial court level. On April 1, 2008, RTI filed a complaint against BD under 
the caption Retractable Technologies, Inc. and Thomas J. Shaw v. Becton Dickinson and Company (Civil 
Action No. 2:08-cv-141, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Texas) alleging that the BD Integra™ syringes 
infringe another patent licensed exclusively to RTI. On August 29, 2008, the Court ordered the consolidation of 
the patent cases.  RTI was subsequently awarded $5 million in damages at a jury trial with respect to the patent 
claims, which has been paid, and the patent cases are now concluded.  

On September 19, 2013, a jury returned a verdict against BD with respect to RTI’s Lanham Act claim and 

claim for attempted monopolization based on deception in the safety syringe market. The jury awarded 
RTI $113.5 million for its attempted monopolization claim (which would be trebled under the antitrust statute). 
The jury’s verdict rejected RTI’s monopolization claims in the markets for safety syringes, conventional 
syringes and safety IV catheters; its attempted monopolization claims in the markets for conventional syringes 
and safety IV catheters; and its claims for contractual restraint of trade and exclusive dealing in the markets for 
safety syringes, conventional syringes and safety IV catheters. In connection with the verdict, the Company 
recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately $341 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013. With respect 
to RTI's requested injunction relief, in November 2014, the Court granted RTI’s request that BD be ordered to 
issue certain corrective statements regarding its advertising and enjoined from making certain advertising 
claims. The Court denied RTI’s request for injunctive relief relating to BD’s contracting practices and BD’s 
safety syringe advertising, finding that RTI failed to prove that BD’s contracting practices violated the antitrust 
laws or that BD’s safety syringe advertising is false. On January 14, 2015, the Court granted in part and denied 
in part BD’s motion for a stay of the injunction. The Court held that, pending appeal, BD would not be required 
to send the corrective advertising notices to end-user customers, but only to employees, distributors and Group 
Purchasing Organizations. On January 15, 2015, the Court entered its Final Judgment in the case ordering that 
RTI recover $341 million for its attempted monopolization claim and $12 million for attorneys’ fees, and 
awarded pre and post-judgment interest and costs. On February 3, 2015, the Court of Appeals for the Fifth 
Circuit denied BD’s motion for a stay of the injunction pending the final appeal, and BD thereafter complied 
with the Court’s order.  On April 23, 2015, the Court granted BD’s motion to eliminate the award of pre-
judgment interest, and entered a new Final Judgment. BD thereafter appealed to the Court of Appeals 
challenging the entirety of the Final Judgment.  On December 2, 2016, the Court of Appeals issued an opinion 
reversing the judgment as to RTI’s attempted monopolization claim and rendered judgment on that claim in 
favor of BD.  As a result, the Company reversed $336 million of reserves associated with this judgment, which 
was recorded in Other operating (income) expense, net. The Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment for 
Lanham Act liability, and remanded the case to the district court to consider whether and if so how much profit 
should be disgorged by BD on that claim.  The Court of Appeals vacated and remanded the injunction ordered 
by the Court.  On January 31, 2017, RTI filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court.  

60

On March 20, 2017, the U.S. Supreme Court denied certiorari, and the district court thereafter heard RTI’s 
request for disgorgement.  On August 17, 2017, the district court entered judgment in favor of BD and ruled that 
RTI is not entitled to any award of money damages.  RTI has appealed this ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of 
Appeals.

On July 17, 2015, a class action complaint was filed against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the 
Southern District of Georgia. The plaintiffs, Glynn-Brunswick Hospital Authority, trading as Southeast Georgia 
Health System, and Southeast Georgia Health System, Inc., seek to represent a class of acute care purchasers of 
BD syringes and IV catheters. The complaint alleges that BD monopolized the markets for syringes and IV 
catheters through contracts, theft of technology, false advertising, acquisitions, and other conduct. The 
complaint seeks treble damages but does not specify the amount of alleged damages. The Company filed a 
motion to dismiss the complaint which was granted on January 29, 2016.  On September 23, 2016, the court 
denied plaintiffs’ motion to alter or amend the judgment to allow plaintiffs to file an amended complaint, and 
plaintiffs appealed that decision to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals.  The plaintiffs thereafter voluntarily 
dismissed their appeal, and the Court of Appeals dismissed the case on November 21, 2016.

The Company is also involved both as a plaintiff and a defendant in other legal proceedings and claims 

that arise in the ordinary course of business.  The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to the suits 
pending against the Company and is engaged in a vigorous defense of each of these matters.

The Company is a potentially responsible party to a number of federal administrative proceedings in the 
United States brought under the Comprehensive Environment Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also 
known as “Superfund,” and similar state laws. The affected sites are in varying stages of development. In some 
instances, the remedy has been completed, while in others, environmental studies are underway or commencing. 
For several sites, there are other potentially responsible parties that may be jointly or severally liable to pay all 
or part of cleanup costs.

61

Note 6 — Segment Data

The Company’s organizational structure is based upon two principal business segments: BD Medical 
(“Medical”) and BD Life Sciences (“Life Sciences”).  The Company’s two principal business segments are 
strategic businesses that are managed separately because each one develops, manufactures and markets distinct 
products and services.

BD Medical
BD Medical produces a broad array of medical technologies and devices that are used to help improve 

healthcare delivery in a wide range of settings. The primary customers served by BD Medical are hospitals and 
clinics; physicians’ office practices; consumers and retail pharmacies; governmental and nonprofit public health 
agencies; pharmaceutical companies; and healthcare workers. BD Medical consists of the following 
organizational units:

Organizational

Unit

Diabetes Care

Medication and
Procedural
Solutions

Medication
Management
Solutions

Pharmaceutical
Systems

Principal Product Lines

Syringes, pen needles and other products related to the injection or infusion of insulin
and other drugs used in the treatment of diabetes.
Needles, syringes and intravenous catheters for medication delivery (including safety-
engineered and auto-disable devices); prefilled IV flush syringes; regional anesthesia
needles and trays; sharps disposal containers; closed-system transfer devices; skin
antiseptic products; and surgical and laproscopic instrumentation.

Intravenous medication safety and infusion therapy delivery systems, including infusion
pumps and dedicated disposables; medication compounding workflow systems; and
automated medication dispensing;  automated supply management systems; medication
inventory optimization and tracking systems; and analytics related to all the above
products.
Prefillable drug delivery systems provided to pharmaceutical companies for use as
containers for injectable pharmaceutical products, which are then placed on the market as
drug/device combinations.

BD Life Sciences
BD Life Sciences provides products for the safe collection and transport of diagnostics specimens, and 

instruments and reagent systems to detect a broad range of infectious diseases, healthcare-associated infections 
(“HAIs”) and cancers.  In addition, BD Life Sciences produces research and clinical tools that facilitate the 
study of cells, and the components of cells, to gain a better understanding of normal and disease processes.  
That information is used to aid the discovery and development of new drugs and vaccines, and to improve the 
diagnosis and management of diseases.  The primary customers served by BD Life Sciences are hospitals, 
laboratories and clinics; blood banks; healthcare workers; public health agencies; physicians’ office practices; 
academic and government institutions; and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.  BD Life Sciences 
consists of the following organizational units:

62

Organizational

Unit

Preanalytical
Systems
Diagnostic
Systems

Biosciences

Principal Product Lines

Integrated systems for specimen collection; safety-engineered blood collection products
and systems.
Automated blood culturing and tuberculosis culturing systems; molecular testing systems
for infectious diseases and women’s health; microorganism identification and drug
susceptibility systems; liquid-based cytology systems for cervical cancer screening; rapid
diagnostic assays; microbiology laboratory automation; and plated media.

Fluorescence-activated cell sorters and analyzers; monoclonal antibodies and kits for
performing cell analysis; reagent systems for life science research; molecular indexing
and next-generation sequencing sample preparation for genomics research; clinical
oncology, immunological (HIV) and transplantation diagnostic/monitoring reagents and
analyzers; and cell culture media supplements for biopharmaceutical manufacturing.

The Company evaluates performance of its business segments and allocates resources to them 

Distribution of products is primarily through independent distribution channels, and directly to end-users 
by BD and independent sales representatives. No customer accounted for 10% or more of revenues in any of the 
three years presented.
 
primarily based upon operating income. Segment operating income represents revenues reduced by product 
costs and operating expenses. As more fully discussed in Note 10, the Company sold a 50.1% controlling 
financial interest in its Respiratory Solutions business, a component of the Medical segment, in October 2016. 
This transaction did not meet the criteria established for reporting discontinued operations and as such, results 
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included $822 million and $417 million, respectively, of 
revenues which did not occur in the current year.
 

63

(Millions of dollars)
Revenues (A)
Medical
Life Sciences
Total Revenues
Income Before Income Taxes
Medical
Life Sciences

Total Segment Operating Income
Acquisitions and other restructurings
Net interest expense
Other unallocated items (B)
Income Before Income Taxes
Segment Assets
Medical
Life Sciences
Total Segment Assets
Corporate and All Other (C)
Total Assets
Capital Expenditures
Medical
Life Sciences
Corporate and All Other
Total Capital Expenditures
Depreciation and Amortization
Medical
Life Sciences
Corporate and All Other
Total Depreciation and Amortization

2017

 

2016

 

2015

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

8,105
3,988
12,093

2,155
772
2,927
(354)
(445)
(1,152)

976   

18,332   
4,056   
22,388   
15,347   
37,734   

502   
212   
13   
727   

825   
254   
10   
1,088   

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

8,654
3,829
12,483

2,052
793
2,845
(728)
(367)
(676)
1,074

19,154   
3,848   
23,002   
2,584   
25,586   

482   
200   
12   
693   

857   
254   
3   
1,114   

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

6,460
3,822
10,282

1,530
839
2,368
(426)
(356)
(847)
739

20,055
3,932
23,987
2,491
26,478

414
168
14
596

619
256
17
891

(A)  Intersegment revenues are not material.
(B)  Primarily comprised of foreign exchange, corporate expenses, and share-based compensation 
expense. Results in 2017 included a $748 million non-cash charge resulting from a modification to the 
Company's dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers, as well as a $336 million reversal of 
certain reserves related to an appellate court decision which, among other things, reversed an unfavorable 
antitrust judgment in the RTI case. Additional disclosures regarding the legal matter and the lease 
contract modification are provided in Notes 5 and 17, respectively.  Results in 2015 reflected $293 
million in recognition of the fair value step-up adjustment recorded relative to CareFusion’s inventory on 
the acquisition date. 
(C)  Includes cash and investments and corporate assets.

Geographic Information

The countries in which the Company has local revenue-generating operations have been combined into 

the following geographic areas: the United States (including Puerto Rico); Europe; Greater Asia (which includes 

64

Japan and Asia Pacific); and Other, which is comprised of Latin America, Canada, and EMA (which includes 
the Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa).

Revenues to unaffiliated customers are generally based upon the source of the product shipment. Long-

lived assets, which include net property, plant and equipment, are based upon physical location.

(Millions of dollars)
Revenues
United States
Europe
Greater Asia
Other

Long-Lived Assets
United States
Europe
Greater Asia
Other
Corporate

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

$

6,504
2,588
1,744
1,257
12,093

13,151
4,421
578
584
366
19,101

$

$

$

$

6,893
2,674
1,692
1,225
12,483

14,075
3,747
586
483
329
19,220

$

$

$

$

5,069
2,434
1,545
1,234
10,282

15,513
3,908
573
494
332
20,819

Note 7 — Share-Based Compensation

The Company grants share-based awards under the 2004 Employee and Director Equity-Based 

Compensation Plan (“2004 Plan”), which provides long-term incentive compensation to employees and 
directors consisting of: stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), stock options, performance-based restricted stock 
units, time-vested restricted stock units and other stock awards.

The fair value of share-based payments is recognized as compensation expense in net income. The 
amounts and location of compensation cost relating to share-based payments included in the consolidated 
statements of income is as follows:

(Millions of dollars)
Cost of products sold
Selling and administrative expense
Research and development expense
Acquisitions and other restructurings

Tax benefit associated with share-based
compensation costs recognized

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

30
113
24
10
177

61

$

$

$

29
106
22
39
196

69

$

$

$

23
82
17
44
166

59

In 2015, certain pre-acquisition equity awards of CareFusion were converted into BD restricted stock 

awards or BD stock options with accelerated vesting terms at the acquisition date. In addition, as an incentive to 
encourage post-acquisition employee retention, certain pre-acquisition equity awards of CareFusion were 
converted into either BD restricted stock awards or BD stock options, as applicable, as of the acquisition date, 
with substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such CareFusion awards immediately 
prior to the acquisition date. The compensation expense associated with these replacement awards was recorded 
in Acquisitions and other restructurings.

65

Stock Appreciation Rights

SARs represent the right to receive, upon exercise, shares of common stock having a value equal to the 

difference between the market price of common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price on the date 
of grant. SARs vest over a four-year period and have a ten-year term. The fair value was estimated on the date 
of grant using a lattice-based binomial option valuation model that uses the following weighted-average 
assumptions:

Risk-free interest rate
Expected volatility
Expected dividend yield
Expected life
Fair value derived

2017
2.33%
20.0%
1.71%
7.5 years
$33.81

2016
2.17%
19.0%
1.76%
7.6 years
$27.69

2015
2.20%
19.0%
1.78%
7.6 years
$24.82

 

Expected volatility is based upon historical volatility for the Company’s common stock and other factors. 
The expected life of SARs granted is derived from the output of the lattice-based model, using assumed exercise 
rates based on historical exercise and termination patterns, and represents the period of time that SARs granted 
are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate used is based upon the published U.S. Treasury yield 
curve in effect at the time of grant for instruments with a similar life. The dividend yield is based upon the most 
recently declared quarterly dividend as of the grant date. The Company issued 793 thousand shares during 2017 
to satisfy the SARs exercised.

A summary of SARs outstanding as of September 30, 2017 and changes during the year then ended is as 

follows:

Balance at October 1
Granted
Exercised
Forfeited, canceled or expired
Balance at September 30
Vested and expected to vest at
September 30
Exercisable at September 30

SARs (in
thousands)

Weighted
Average

Exercise Price

7,027
996
(1,445)
(112)
6,466

6,215
3,952

$

$

$
$

103.83
170.69
83.81
142.04
117.94

116.54
96.00

A summary of SARs exercised 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:

Weighted
Average
Remaining

Contractual Term

(Years)

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

(Millions
of dollars)

6.24

6.16
4.98

$

$
$

504

493
395

(Millions of dollars)
Total intrinsic value of SARs exercised
Tax benefit realized from SAR exercises
Total fair value of SARs vested

2017

2016

2015

$
$
$

148
53
30

$
$
$

148
52
24

$
$
$

96
34
22

Stock Options

The Company has not granted stock options since 2005. As previously discussed, certain pre-acquisition 
equity awards of CareFusion were converted on March 17, 2015 into BD stock options with accelerated vesting 
terms.  A summary of these stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2017 and changes during the year 
then ended is as follows:

66

Balance at October 1
Exercised
Forfeited, canceled or expired
Balance at September 30
Vested at September 30
Exercisable at September 30

Stock

Options (in
thousands)

Weighted
Average

Exercise Price

495
(186)
(6)
303
303
303

$

$
$
$

79.99
77.66
81.30
81.40
81.40
81.40

A summary of options exercised 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:

Weighted Average

Remaining

Contractual Term

(Years)

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

(Millions
of dollars)

2.56
2.56
2.56

$
$
$

35
35
35

(Millions of dollars)
Cash received from stock option exercises
Tax benefit realized from stock option exercises
Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised
Total fair value of stock options vested

$
$
$
$

2017

2016

2015

14
8
20
2

$
$
$
$

50
17
51
11

$
$
$
$

75
20
52
59

 

Performance-Based and Time-Vested Restricted Stock Units

Performance-based restricted stock units cliff vest three years after the date of grant. These units are tied 

to the Company’s performance against pre-established targets over a three-year performance period. The 
performance measures for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 were relative total shareholder return (measures the 
Company’s stock performance during the performance period against that of peer companies) and average 
annual return on invested capital. Under the Company’s long-term incentive program, the actual payout under 
these awards may vary from zero to 200% of an employee’s target payout, based on the Company’s actual 
performance over the three-year performance period. The fair value is based on the market price of the 
Company’s stock on the date of grant. Compensation cost initially recognized assumes that the target payout 
level will be achieved and is adjusted for subsequent changes in the expected outcome of performance-related 
conditions.  For units for which the performance conditions are modified after the date of grant, any incremental 
increase in the fair value of the modified units, over the original units, is recorded as compensation expense on 
the date of the modification for vested units, or over the remaining performance period for units not yet vested.
Time-vested restricted stock unit awards granted after January 2015 vest on a graded basis over a three-
year period.  Time-vested restricted stock units granted before January 2015 cliff vest three years after the date 
of grant, except for certain key executives of the Company, including the executive officers, for which such 
units generally vest one year following the employee’s retirement. The related share-based compensation 
expense is recorded over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period or is based on retirement 
eligibility. The fair value of all time-vested restricted stock units is based on the market value of the Company’s 
stock on the date of grant.

67

A summary of restricted stock units outstanding as of September 30, 2017 and changes during the year 

then ended is as follows:

Performance-Based

Time-Vested

Stock Units 

(in

Weighted
Average 
Grant

Date Fair 

Stock Units 

(in

Weighted
Average 
Grant

Date Fair 

Value

Balance at October 1
Granted
Distributed
Forfeited or canceled
Balance at September 30
Expected to vest at September 30
(A)  Based on 200% of target payout.
(B)  Net of expected forfeited units and units in excess of the expected performance payout of 79 thousand 

$ 123.16
165.96
117.06
124.52
$ 142.06
$ 141.36

$ 148.27
174.92
134.19
139.93
$ 161.64
$ 159.22

thousands)
1,112
381
(145)
(268)
1,080 (A)
428 (B)

thousands)
2,584
845
(799)
(494)
2,136
2,052

Value

and 573 thousand shares, respectively.

The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during the years 2017, 2016 

and 2015 are as follows:

Weighted average grant date fair value
of units granted

$174.92

$153.73

$156.65

$165.96

$145.57

$136.30

Performance-Based

Time-Vested

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

The total fair value of stock units vested during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:

Performance-Based

Time-Vested

(Millions of dollars)
Total fair value of units vested

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

32

$

22

$

16

$

139

$

114

$

181

At September 30, 2017, the weighted average remaining vesting term of performance-based and time 

vested restricted stock units is 1.22  and 1 year, respectively.

Unrecognized Compensation Expense and Other Stock Plans

The amount of unrecognized compensation expense for all non-vested share-based awards as of 

September 30, 2017, is approximately $182 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-
average remaining life of approximately 1.93 years.  At September 30, 2017, 8.8 million shares were authorized 
for future grants under the 2004 Plan.  The Company has a policy of satisfying share-based payments through 
either open market purchases or shares held in treasury. At September 30, 2017, the Company has sufficient 
shares held in treasury to satisfy these payments.

At September 30, 2017 and 2016, awards for 29 thousand and 43 thousand shares, respectively, were 

outstanding under a plan, that was terminated in 2004, which allowed for grants of common shares to certain 
key employees.  The Company has a Directors’ Deferral Plan, which provides a means to defer director 
compensation, from time to time, on a deferred stock or cash basis. As of September 30, 2017, 130 thousand 
shares were held in trust, of which one thousand shares represented Directors’ compensation in 2017, in 
accordance with the provisions of the plan. Under this plan, which is unfunded, directors have an unsecured 
contractual commitment from the Company.  The Company also has a Deferred Compensation Plan that allows 

68

certain highly-compensated employees, including executive officers, to defer salary, annual incentive awards 
and certain equity-based compensation. As of September 30, 2017, 338 thousand shares were issuable under this 
plan.

Note 8 — Benefit Plans

The Company has defined benefit pension plans covering certain employees in the United States and 

certain international locations. The Company also provides certain postretirement healthcare and life insurance 
benefits to qualifying domestic retirees. Other postretirement benefit plans in international countries are not 
material. The measurement date used for the Company’s employee benefit plans is September 30.

Net pension and other postretirement cost for the years ended September 30 included the following 

components:

 
(Millions of dollars)
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of prior service credit
Amortization of loss
Settlements
Net pension and postretirement cost

Net pension cost attributable to
international plans

Pension Plans

Other Postretirement Benefits

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

110
61
(112)
(14)
92
—
138

43

$

$

$

81
72
(109)
(15)
77
7
113

35

$

$

$

77
87
(123)
(15)
68
—
93

$

$

32

3
4
—
(5)
2
—
4

$

$

3
5
—
(5)
2
—
5

$

$

3
7
—
(5)
3
—
9

The amounts provided above for amortization of prior service credit and amortization of loss represent the 

reclassifications of prior service credits and net actuarial losses that were recognized in Accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss) in prior periods.  The settlement loss recorded in 2016 primarily included lump 
sum benefit payments associated with the Company’s U.S. supplemental pension plan. The Company 
recognizes pension settlements when payments from the supplemental plan exceed the sum of service and 
interest cost components of net periodic pension cost associated with this plan for the fiscal year.
 

69

The change in benefit obligation, change in fair value of plan assets, funded status and amounts 

recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these plans were as follows:

 
(Millions of dollars)
Change in benefit obligation:
Beginning obligation
Service cost
Interest cost
Plan amendments
Benefits paid
Impact of divestitures
Actuarial (gain) loss
Settlements
Other, includes translation
Benefit obligation at September 30
Change in fair value of plan assets:
Beginning fair value
Actual return on plan assets
Employer contribution
Benefits paid
Impact of divestitures
Settlements
Other, includes translation
Plan assets at September 30
Funded Status at September 30:
Unfunded benefit obligation
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets at September 30:
Other
Salaries, wages and related items
Long-term Employee Benefit Obligations
Net amount recognized
Amounts recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes 
at September 30:
Prior service credit
Net actuarial loss
Net amount recognized

Pension Plans

2017

2016

Other Postretirement

Benefits

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

2,719
110
61
(1)
(123)
(19)
(134)
(1)
36
2,647

1,855
134
54
(123)
(13)
(1)
26
1,932

$

$

$

$

2,426
81
72
—
(116)
—
302
(15)
(30)
2,719

1,732
131
145
(116)
—
(15)
(21)
1,855

$

$

$

$

184
3
4
—
(16)
—
(15)
—
4
165

$

$

— $
—
—
—
—
—
—
— $

186
3
5
(1)
(17)
—
3
—
4
184

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

(715) $

(864) $

(165) $

(184)

$

9
(17)
(707)
(715) $

$

5
(12)
(857)
(864) $

— $
(14)
(150)
(165) $

—
(15)
(169)
(184)

74
(1,065)

87
(1,307)

$

(991) $ (1,221) $

28
(15)
14

$

33
(32)
1

International pension plan assets at fair value included in the preceding table were $678 million and $624 

million at September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The international pension plan projected benefit 
obligations were $917 million and $951 million at September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
 

70

Pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets and plans with projected 

benefit obligations in excess of plan assets consist of the following at September 30:

 
(Millions of dollars)
Projected benefit obligation
Accumulated benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets

Accumulated Benefit
Obligation Exceeds the
Fair Value of Plan Assets

Projected Benefit

Obligation Exceeds the
Fair Value of Plan Assets

2017
2,551
2,470
1,833

$
$
$

2016
2,616
2,529
1,757

$
$
$

2017
2,613

1,889

$

$

2016
2,682

1,813

$

$

The estimated net actuarial loss and prior service credit for pension benefits that will be amortized from 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net pension costs over the next fiscal year are expected to 
be $76 million and $13 million, respectively. The net actuarial loss for other postretirement benefits that will be 
amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net other postretirement costs over the 
next fiscal year is immaterial.  The estimated prior service credit that will be amortized from Accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss) into net other postretirement costs over the next fiscal year is expected to be $5 
million.

The weighted average assumptions used in determining pension plan information were as follows:

Net Cost
Discount rate:
U.S. plans (A)
International plans
Expected return on plan assets:
U.S. plans
International plans
Rate of compensation increase:
U.S. plans
International plans
Benefit Obligation
Discount rate:
U.S. plans
International plans
Rate of compensation increase:
U.S. plans
International plans

2017

2016

2015

3.42%
1.70

4.15%
2.84

4.15%
3.14

7.25
4.65

4.25
2.33

3.72
2.25

4.51
2.30

7.50
5.02

4.25
2.33

3.42
1.70

4.25
2.33

7.50
5.45

4.25
2.49

4.15
2.84

4.25
2.33

 

(A)  In 2015 the Company calculated the service and interest components utilizing a single weighted-average 
discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the 
period. Effective September 30, 2015, the Company elected to utilize an approach that discounts the 
individual expected cash flows using the applicable spot rates derived from the yield curve over the 
projected cash flow period.  The Company accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate 
that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle and as such, the change was accounted for 
prospectively.
At September 30, 2017 the assumed healthcare trend rates were 7.0%, gradually decreasing to an ultimate 

rate of 5.0% beginning in 2027. At September 30, 2016 the assumed healthcare trend rates were 6.6% pre and 
post age 65, gradually decreasing to an ultimate rate of 5.0% beginning in 2024. A one percentage point 

71

increase or decrease in assumed healthcare cost trend rates in each year would not materially impact the 
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of September 30, 2017 or the aggregate of the service cost and 
interest cost components of 2017 annual expense. 

Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets

The expected rate of return on plan assets is based upon expectations of long-term average rates of return 
to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In establishing this assumption, the Company considers 
many factors, including historical assumptions compared with actual results; benchmark data; expected returns 
on various plan asset classes, as well as current and expected asset allocations.

Expected Funding

The Company’s funding policy for its defined benefit pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to 
meet legal funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that may be appropriate considering the funded 
status of the plans, tax consequences, the cash flow generated by the Company and other factors. The Company 
made a discretionary contribution of $112 million to its U.S. pension plan in October 2017.  The Company does 
not anticipate any significant required contributions to its pension plans in 2018.

Expected benefit payments are as follows:

(Millions of dollars)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023-2027

Pension
Plans

Other

Postretirement

Benefits

$

$

173
158
159
163
165
859

14
14
14
13
13
56

Investments

The Company’s primary objective is to achieve returns sufficient to meet future benefit obligations. It 

seeks to generate above market returns by investing in more volatile asset classes such as equities while at the 
same time controlling risk through diversification in non-correlated asset classes and through allocations to 
more stable asset classes like fixed income.

U.S. Plans

The Company’s U.S. pension plans comprise 65% of total benefit plan investments, based on 

September 30, 2017 market values and have a target asset mix of 40% fixed income, 28% diversifying 
investments and 32% equities. This mix was established based on an analysis of projected benefit payments and 
estimates of long-term returns, volatilities and correlations for various asset classes. The asset allocations to 
diversifying investments include high-yield bonds, hedge funds, real estate, infrastructure, commodities, 
leveraged loans and emerging markets bonds.
  

The actual portfolio investment mix may, from time to time, deviate from the established target mix due 

to various factors such as normal market fluctuations, the reliance on estimates in connection with the 
determination of allocations and normal portfolio activity such as additions and withdrawals. Rebalancing of the 
asset portfolio on a quarterly basis is required to address any allocations that deviate from the established target 
allocations in excess of defined allowable ranges. The target allocations are subject to periodic review, including 
a review of the asset portfolio’s performance, by the named fiduciary of the plans. Any tactical deviations from 
the established asset mix require the approval of the named fiduciary.

The U.S. plans may enter into both exchange traded and non-exchange traded derivative transactions in 

order to manage interest rate exposure, volatility, term structure of interest rates, and sector and currency 

72

exposures within the fixed income portfolios. The Company has established minimum credit quality standards 
for counterparties in such transactions.

The following table provides the fair value measurements of U.S. plan assets, as well as the measurement 

techniques and inputs utilized to measure fair value of these assets, at September 30, 2017 and 2016. The 
categorization of fund investments is based upon the categorization of these funds’ underlying assets.

(Millions of dollars)

Fixed Income:
Mortgage and
asset-backed
securities
Corporate
bonds
Government
and agency-
U.S.
Government
and agency-
Foreign
Equity securities
Cash and cash
equivalents
Other
Fair value of
plan assets

Total U.S.
Plan Asset
Balances

2017

2016

Investments

Measured at Net
Asset Value (A)
2016
2017

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical

Assets (Level 1)
2016
2017

Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs (Level 2)
2016
2017

Significant
Unobservable
Inputs (Level 3)
2016
2017

$ 155

$ 169

$ — $ — $ — $ — $ 155

$ 169

$ — $ —

232

197

107

103

98
369

40
252

90
348

89
234

—

—

12
307

—
217

—

—

32
287

—
201

89

83

63
62

40
34

68

67

52
61

89
33

144

129

25

22
—

—
—

36

6
—

—
—

—

—

—
—

—
—

—

—

—
—

—
—

$1,254

$1,231

$ 537

$ 520

$ 371

$ 371

$ 346

$ 340

$ — $ —

 

(A)  As per applicable disclosure requirements, certain investments that were measured at net asset value 
per share or its equivalent have not been categorized within the fair value hierarchy.  Values of such 
assets are based on the corroborated net asset value provided by the fund administrator.

Fixed Income Securities

U.S. pension plan assets categorized above as fixed income securities include fund investments comprised 

of mortgage-backed, corporate, government and agency and asset-backed instruments. Mortgage-backed 
securities consist of residential mortgage pass-through certificates. Investments in corporate bonds are 
diversified across industry and sector and consist of investment-grade, as well as high-yield debt instruments. 
U.S. government investments consist of obligations of the U.S. Treasury, other U.S. government agencies, state 
governments and local municipalities. Assets categorized as foreign government and agency debt securities 
included investments in developed and emerging markets.

The values of fixed income investments classified within Level 1 are based on the closing price reported 
on the major market on which the investments are traded. A portion of the fixed income instruments classified 
within Level 2 are valued based upon estimated prices from independent vendors’ pricing models and these 
prices are derived from market observable sources including: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer 
quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers and other market-related data. 

Equity Securities

U.S. pension plan assets categorized as equity securities consist of fund investments in publicly-traded 

U.S. and non-U.S. equity securities. In order to achieve appropriate diversification, these portfolios are invested 

73

across market sectors, investment styles, capitalization weights and geographic regions. The values of equity 
securities classified within Level 1 are based on the closing price reported on the major market on which the 
investments are traded. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents

A portion of the U.S. plans’ assets consists of investments in cash and cash equivalents, primarily to 

accommodate liquidity requirements relating to trade settlement and benefit payment activity, and the values of 
these assets are based upon quoted market prices.

Other Securities

Other U.S. pension plan assets include fund investments comprised of underlying assets of real estate, 

infrastructure, commodities and hedge funds. The values of such instruments classified within Level 1 are based 
on the closing price reported on the major market on which the investments are traded. 

International Plans

International plan assets comprise 35% of the Company’s total benefit plan assets, based on market value 

at September 30, 2017. Such plans have local independent fiduciary committees, with responsibility for 
development and oversight of investment policy, including asset allocation decisions. In making such decisions, 
consideration is given to local regulations, investment practices and funding rules.

The following table provides the fair value measurements of international plan assets, as well as the 

measurement techniques and inputs utilized to measure fair value of these assets, at September 30, 2017 and 
2016.

(Millions of dollars)

Fixed Income:
Corporate
bonds
Government
and agency-
U.S.
Government
and agency-
Foreign
Other fixed
income

Equity securities
Cash and cash
equivalents
Real estate
Insurance
contracts
Other
Fair value of
plan assets

Total International

Plan Asset
Balances

2017

2016

Investments

Measured at Net
Asset Value (A)
2017
2016

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical

Assets (Level 1)
2017
2016

Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs (Level 2)
2017
2016

Significant
Unobservable
Inputs (Level 3)
2017
2016

$

14

$

34

$ — $ — $ — $ — $

13

$

34

$ — $ —

5

5

127

64
256

28
26

98
62

119

51
228

13
17

102
57

$ 678

$ 624

$

—

—

—
13

—
—

—
—

13

$

—

—

—
14

—
—

—
—

14

1

2

83

57
242

28
—

—
47

73

46
214

13
—

—
43

3

45

7
—

—
26

—
15

3

46

5
—

—
17

—
14

$ 459

$ 391

$ 108

$ 119

$

—

—

—
—

—
—

98
—

98

—

—

—
—

—
—

102
—

$ 102

74

(A)  As per applicable disclosure requirements, certain investments that were measured at net asset value 
per share or its equivalent have not been categorized within the fair value hierarchy.  Values of such 
assets are based on the corroborated net asset value provided by the fund administrator.

Fixed Income Securities

Fixed income investments held by international pension plans include corporate, U.S. government and 

non-U.S. government securities. The values of fixed income securities classified within Level 1 are based on the 
closing price reported on the major market on which the investments are traded. Values of investments classified 
within Level 2 are based upon estimated prices from independent vendors’ pricing models and these prices are 
derived from market observable sources.

Equity Securities

Equity securities included in the international plan assets consist of publicly-traded U.S. and non-U.S. 

equity securities. The values of equity securities classified within Level 1 are based on the closing price 
reported on the major market on which the investments are traded. 

Other Securities

The international plans hold a portion of assets in cash and cash equivalents, in order to accommodate 
liquidity requirements and the values are based upon quoted market prices. Real estate investments consist of 
investments in funds holding an interest in real properties and the corresponding values represent the estimated 
fair value based on the fair value of the underlying investment value or cost, adjusted for any accumulated 
earnings or losses. The values of insurance contracts approximately represent cash surrender value. Other 
investments include fund investments for which values are based upon either quoted market prices or market 
observable sources.

The following table summarizes the changes, for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, in the fair 

value of international pension assets measured using Level 3 inputs:

(Millions of dollars)
Balance at September 30, 2015
Actual return on plan assets:

Relating to assets held at September 30, 2015

Purchases, sales and settlements, net
Exchange rate changes
Balance at September 30, 2016
Actual return on plan assets:

Relating to assets held at September 30, 2016

Purchases, sales and settlements, net
Transfers in from other categories
Exchange rate changes
Balance at September 30, 2017

Insurance
Contracts

90

8
2
1
102

1
(11)
1
4
98

$

$

$

Savings Incentive Plan

The Company has voluntary defined contribution plans covering eligible employees in the United States 
which provide for a Company match. The cost of these plans was $67 million in 2017, $61 million in 2016 and 
$54 million in 2015. 

75

Note 9 – Acquisitions

Definitive Agreement to Acquire Bard

On April 23, 2017, the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement under which 
BD will acquire Bard for an implied value of $317.00 per Bard common share in cash and stock, for estimated 
total consideration of approximately $24 billion. The combination will create a highly differentiated medical 
technology company uniquely positioned to improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease for 
patients and healthcare providers. 

Under the terms of the transaction, Bard common shareholders will be entitled to receive 

approximately $222.93 in cash and 0.5077 shares of BD common stock per Bard share, or an implied value 
of $317.00 per Bard common share based on BD's closing price on April 21, 2017. At closing, Bard 
shareholders will own approximately 15 percent of the combined company. The Company will finance the cash 
portion of total consideration transferred with available cash, which will include $4.8 billion of net proceeds 
raised in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 through registered public offerings of equity securities and 
approximately $9.6 billion of net proceeds also raised in the third quarter through debt transactions. The total 
consideration transferred will also include an estimated $8 billion of BD common stock. The transaction is 
subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the fourth calendar 
quarter of 2017.
CareFusion Corporation
Overview of Transaction and Consideration Transferred 

On March 17, 2015, the Company acquired a 100% interest in CareFusion, a global medical technology 

company with a comprehensive portfolio of products in the areas of medication management, infection 
prevention, operating room and procedural effectiveness, and respiratory care, to create a global leader in 
medication management and patient safety solutions. The fair value of consideration transferred consisted of the 
components below. 

(Millions of dollars)
Cash consideration
Noncash consideration-fair value of shares issued
Noncash consideration-fair value of stock options and other equity awards
Total consideration transferred

$

$

10,085
2,269
184
12,538

Additional disclosures regarding the financing arrangements the Company entered into to fund the cash 

portion of the consideration transferred relative to this acquisition are provided in Note 15. 
Unaudited Pro Forma Information 

The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. 
The operating activities from the acquisition date through March 31, 2015 were not material to the Company’s 
consolidated results of operations.  As such, CareFusion’s operating results were included in the Company’s 
consolidated results of operations beginning on April 1, 2015.  Revenues and Operating Income are no longer 
specifically identifiable due to the progression of the Company's integration activities.  Revenues and Operating 
Income for the year ended September 30, 2015 included revenues and operating loss attributable to CareFusion 
of $2 billion and $242 million, respectively. 

76

The following table provides the pro forma results for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as if 

CareFusion had been acquired as of October 1, 2013.

(Millions of dollars, except per share data)

Revenues

Net Income

Diluted Earnings per Share

2016

2015

$

$

$

12,497

1,453

6.68

$

$

$

12,368

1,276

5.92

The pro forma net income amounts above reflect adjustments, which were adjusted for the applicable tax 
impact, including the following:  additional amortization and depreciation expense relating to assets acquired; 
interest and other financing costs relating to the acquisition transaction; and the elimination of one-time or 
nonrecurring items.  The pro forma results do not include any anticipated cost savings or other effects of the 
integration of CareFusion.  Accordingly, the pro forma results above are not necessarily indicative of the results 
that would have been if the acquisition had occurred on the dates indicated.
Other Transactions
Fiscal year 2017 acquisition of remaining interest in Caesarea Medical Electronics

Upon the Company's acquisition of CareFusion, it acquired a 40% ownership interest in Caesarea Medical 

Electronics ("CME"), an Israeli-based global infusion pump systems manufacturer. The Company previously 
accounted for this interest as an equity investment. On April 3, 2017, the Company acquired the remaining 60% 
ownership interest in CME.  This acquisition did not materially impact the Company's consolidated financial 
results.
Transaction and other Acquisition-Related Costs

The Company incurred integration, restructuring and transaction costs relating to acquisitions in 2017, 

2016 and 2015:

(Millions of dollars)
Integration costs
Restructuring costs
Transaction costs

$

2017

2016

2015

$

237
85
39

$

192
526
10

95
271
59

 The Company's integration costs incurred in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were substantially associated with the 
CareFusion acquisition and a small portion of costs incurred in 2017 related to the pending Bard acquisition.  
The restructuring costs incurred in 2017, 2016 and 2015, which related to CareFusion and other portfolio 
rationalization initiatives, are further discussed in Note 11.  Transaction costs, which primarily consisted of 
legal, advisory and other costs, were largely incurred in 2017 in connection with the pending agreement to 
acquire Bard and other portfolio rationalization initiatives. Transaction costs were also incurred in 2015 in 
connection with the CareFusion acquisition. The Company's integration, restructuring and transaction costs 
were primarily recorded as Acquisitions and other restructurings.  

Discussion regarding the financing costs relating to the pending Bard acquisition and the CareFusion 

acquisition, which were recorded as Interest expense, are provided in Note 15.

77

Note 10 — Divestiture
Respiratory Solutions

On October 3, 2016, the Company sold a 50.1% controlling financial interest in its Respiratory Solutions 

business, a component of the Medical segment, to form a venture, Vyaire Medical. The Company retained 
a 49.9% non-controlling interest in the new standalone entity. The buyer controls the operations and governance 
of the new entity. The Company accounts for its remaining interest in the new entity as an equity method 
investment and, beginning on January 1, 2017, records its share of the new entity's earnings or losses on a one-
quarter lag to Other income (expense), net. The Company has agreed to various contract manufacturing and 
certain logistical and transition services agreements with the new entity for a period of up to two years after the 
sale.  Assets and liabilities held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016 included assets 
and liabilities subject to this agreement of approximately $578 million and $189 million, respectively.  The 
historical financial results for the Respiratory Solutions business, which included approximately $822 
million and $417 million of revenues for years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, have not been 
classified as a discontinued operation. 

78

Note 11 — Business Restructuring Charges

In connection with the CareFusion acquisition and portfolio rationalization initiatives, the Company 

incurred restructuring costs which were recorded as Acquisitions and other restructurings. Additional 
disclosures regarding these restructuring activities and the related costs are provided in Notes 7, 9 and 10.  
Restructuring liability activity in 2017, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:

(Millions of dollars)
Balance at September 30, 2014
Assumed liability
Charged to expense
Cash payments
Non-cash settlements
Other adjustments
Balance at September 30, 2015
Charged to expense
Cash payments
Non-cash settlements
Other adjustments
Balance at September 30, 2016
Charged to expense
Cash payments
Non-cash settlements
Other adjustments
Balance at September 30, 2017

Employee
Termination

(A)

Other (B)

Total

$

$

$

$

$

— $
19
126
(74)
—
(9)
62
81
(76)
—
—
67
27
(45)
—
—
49

$

$

— $
—
146
(20)
(44)
(81)
— $
445
(72)
(39)
(332)
2
58
(12)
(9)
(33)
6

$

$

—
19
271
(94)
(44)
(91)
62
526
(148)
(39)
(332)
69
85
(57)
(9)
(33)
55

(A)  Expenses in fiscal year 2016 included $40 million relating to the CareFusion acquisition as well as $13 
million for employee termination costs resulting from the Company's transition of certain elements of its 
information technology function to an outsourced model as further disclosed below.  Expenses in fiscal 
year 2015 were primarily related to the CareFusion acquisition.

(B)  In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, the Company initiated a plan to transition certain elements of 
its global information technology function from Company-owned assets to an outsourced, cloud-based 
model.  Restructuring expenses recorded in 2015 included non-cash asset impairment charges relating to 
assets held for sale as a result of this plan.  In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company 
expanded the scope of this plan to include the transition of certain business information systems assets 
to a third-party and as a result, the Company recorded a $214 million non-cash charge to recognize the 
impairment of capitalized internal-use software assets held for sale.  Expenses in 2016 also included 
non-cash impairment charges of $81 million, after-tax, relating to the Company's disposition of certain 
non-core businesses, including the Company's sale of a majority interest in its Respiratory Solutions 
business during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, which is further discussed in Note 10. 

79

Note 12 — Intangible Assets

Intangible assets at September 30 consisted of:

 

(Millions of dollars)
Amortized intangible assets
Customer relationships
Developed technology
Product rights
Trademarks
Patents and other
Amortized intangible assets

Unamortized intangible assets
Acquired in-process research and development
Trademarks
Unamortized intangible assets

2017

2016

Gross

Carrying
Amount

Accumulated
Amortization

Gross

Carrying
Amount

Accumulated
Amortization

$

$

$

$

3,393
3,508
131
408
370
7,811

$

$

564
1,029
54
65
274
1,986

67
2
69

$

$

$

$

3,360
3,409
125
405
349
7,648

$

$

339
754
43
45
254
1,435

66
2
68

Intangible amortization expense was $533 million, $552 million and $346 million in 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization expense for the fiscal years ending September 30, 
2018 to 2022 are as follows: 2018 — $526 million; 2019 — $519 million; 2020 — $518 million; 2021 — $514 
million; 2022 — $503 million.

80

The following is a reconciliation of goodwill by business segment:

(Millions of dollars)
Goodwill as of September 30, 2015
Divestiture (A)
Purchase accounting adjustments (B)
Currency translation
Goodwill as of September 30, 2016
Acquisitions (C)
Divestiture (A)
Purchase accounting adjustments
Currency translation
Goodwill as of September 30, 2017

Medical

Life Sciences

Total

$

$

$

6,807
(32)
(79)
(8)
6,688
119
(25)
4
16
6,802

$

$

$

730
—
1
—
731
24
—
—
6
761

$

$

$

7,537
(32)
(78)
(8)
7,419
143
(25)
4
22
7,563

(A)  Represents goodwill derecognized upon the Company's sale of a 50.1% controlling financial interest in 

the Respiratory Solutions business, as further discussed in Note 10.

(B)  Primarily represents $94 million resulting from adjustments to the deferred tax liability accounts 

recorded upon the Company's acquisition of CareFusion.

(C)  Represents goodwill recognized upon the Company's acquisitions during the current year. Such 

acquisitions were not material individually or in the aggregate.

Note 13 — Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities

The Company uses derivative instruments to mitigate certain exposures. The Company does not enter into 

derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.  The effects these derivative instruments 
and hedged items have on financial position, financial performance, and cash flows are provided below.

Foreign Currency Risks and Related Strategies

The Company has foreign currency exposures throughout Europe, Greater Asia, Canada and Latin 

America. Transactional currency exposures that arise from entering into transactions, generally on an 
intercompany basis, in non-hyperinflationary countries that are denominated in currencies other than the 
functional currency are mitigated primarily through the use of forward contracts and currency options. Hedges 
of the transactional foreign exchange exposures resulting primarily from intercompany payables and receivables 
are undesignated hedges. As such, the gains or losses on these instruments are recognized immediately in 
income. These gains and losses are largely offset by gains and losses on the underlying hedged items, as well as 
the hedging costs associated with the derivative instruments.  The net amounts in 2017, 2016 and 2015, which 
are recognized in Other income (expense), net, were immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial results. 
The total notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding foreign exchange contracts as of September 30, 

2017 and 2016 were $2.5 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively.

In order to mitigate foreign currency exposure relating to its investments in certain foreign subsidiaries, 
the Company has designated $2 billion of euro-denominated debt, issued during the first and third quarters of 
fiscal year 2017, as net investment hedges. Accordingly, net gains or losses relating to this debt, which are 
attributable to changes in the euro to U.S. dollar spot exchange rate, are recorded as accumulated foreign 
currency translation in Other comprehensive income (loss). Recognition of hedge ineffectiveness into earnings 
will occur if the notional amount of the euro-denominated debt no longer matches the portion of the net 
investments in foreign subsidiaries which underlie the hedges. The Company's balance of Accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss) as of September 30, 2017 included net losses relating to these net investment 

81

hedges of $159 million. Additional disclosures regarding the Company's issuances of the euro-denominated 
debt in fiscal year 2017 are provided in Note 15.

Interest Rate Risks and Related Strategies

The Company’s primary interest rate exposure results from changes in U.S. dollar interest rates. The 

Company’s policy is to manage interest cost using a mix of fixed and variable rate debt. The Company 
periodically uses interest rate swaps to manage such exposures. Under these interest rate swaps, the Company 
exchanges, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by 
reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. These swaps are designated as either fair value or cash 
flow hedges.

For interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges (i.e., hedges against the exposure to changes in the 

fair value of an asset or a liability or an identified portion thereof that is attributable to a particular risk), 
changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps offset changes in the fair value of the fixed rate debt due to 
changes in market interest rates.

Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges (i.e., hedging the 

exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk) are offset by 
amounts recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss). If interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow 
hedges are terminated, the balance in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to those 
derivatives is reclassified into earnings over the remaining life of the hedged debt. The net realized loss related 
to terminated interest rate swaps expected to be reclassified and recorded in Interest expense within the next 12 
months is $4 million, net of tax.

At September 30, 2016, the total notional value of the Company's outstanding forward starting interest 

rate swaps, which were entered into to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate risk and were 
designated as cash flow hedges, was $500 million.  In the third quarter of 2017, prior to its issuance of senior 
unsecured U.S. notes during same quarter, the Company entered into additional forward starting interest rate 
swaps, which were also designated as cash flow hedges, with a notional amount of $1.75 billion.  The 
Company's recognition of unrealized and realized amounts, including net realized losses recognized upon the 
termination of all of the Company's outstanding interest rate hedges in the third quarter of 2017 concurrently 
with its issuance of the senior unsecured notes noted above, resulted in the Company's recognition of a net gain 
in other comprehensive income relating to interest rate hedges during the year ended September 30, 2017. 
Additional disclosures regarding the Company's issuance of notes are provided in Note 15 and additional 
disclosures regarding the net gain recognized on terminated cash flow hedges during 2017 are provided in Note 
3.

The total notional amount of the Company’s outstanding interest rate swaps designated as fair value 

hedges was $375 million at September 30, 2017 and 2016. The outstanding swaps represent fixed-to-floating 
interest rate swap agreements the Company entered into to convert the interest payments on $375 million of the 
Company’s 3.125% notes due 2021 from the fixed rate to a floating interest rate based on LIBOR. Changes in 
the fair value of the interest rate swaps offset changes in the fair value of the fixed rate debt. The (losses) gains 
recorded on these fair value hedges, which were offset by (gains) losses recorded to the underlying debt 
instruments, were immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial results.

Other Risk Exposures
The Company purchases resins, which are oil-based components used in the manufacture of certain 

products. Significant increases in world oil prices that lead to increases in resin purchase costs could impact 
future operating results. From time to time, the Company has managed price risks associated with these 
commodity purchases through commodity derivative forward contracts.  The Company had no outstanding 
commodity derivative forward contracts at September 30, 2017 and 2016.

82

Effects on Consolidated Balance Sheets

The location and amounts of derivative instrument fair values in the consolidated balance sheet are 
segregated below between designated, qualifying hedging instruments and ones that are not designated for 
hedge accounting.

(Millions of dollars)
Asset derivatives-designated for hedge accounting

Interest rate swaps

Asset derivatives-undesignated for hedge accounting

Forward exchange contracts

Total asset derivatives (A)

Liability derivatives-designated for hedge accounting

Interest rate swaps

Liability derivatives-undesignated for hedge accounting

Forward exchange contracts

Total liability derivatives (B)

(A)  All asset derivatives are included in Prepaid expenses and other.
(B)  All liability derivatives are included in Accrued expenses.

Effects on Consolidated Statements of Income

September 30,

2017

September 30,

2016

$

$

$

7

$

8
15

—

7
7

$

$

23

3
25

18

13
31

The amounts recognized in other comprehensive income during 2017, 2016 and 2015 relating to cash flow 
hedges were not material to the Company's consolidated financial results. The Company’s designated derivative 
instruments are highly effective. As such, there were no gains or losses, related to hedge ineffectiveness or 
amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness testing, recognized immediately in income relative to derivative 
contracts outstanding in the periods presented.

83

Note 14 — Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements

Recurring Fair Value Measurements

The fair values of financial instruments, including those not recognized on the statement of financial 

position at fair value, carried at September 30, 2017 and 2016 are classified in accordance with the fair value 
hierarchy in the following table:

 

 

Basis of Fair Value Measurement

Total

2017

2016

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical

Assets (Level 1)
2017
2016

Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs (Level 2)
2017
2016

Significant
Unobservable
Inputs (Level 3)
2017
2016

(Millions of dollars)

Assets
Institutional money
market investments
Interest rate swaps
Forward exchange
contracts

Total Assets

Liabilities
Interest rate swaps
Forward exchange
contracts
Contingent
consideration liabilities

Total Liabilities

$

$ — $ — $ — $ —
—

23

—

7

$ 2,026
7

8
$ 2,042

$

$

$ — $

7

13
20

$

224
23

3
249

18

13

54
86

$ 2,026
—

—
$ 2,026

$

$

224
—

—
224

8
15

$

$

$ — $ — $ — $

—

—

—

—

$ — $ — $

7

—
7

$

3
25

18

13

—
31

—

—
$ — $ —

$ — $ —

—

13
13

$

—

54
54

$

The Company’s institutional money market accounts permit daily redemption and the fair values of these 

investments are based upon the quoted prices in active markets provided by the holding financial institutions. 
The Company’s remaining cash equivalents were $12.153 billion and $1.317 billion at September 30, 2017 and 
2016, respectively. Short-term investments are held to their maturities and are carried at cost, which 
approximates fair value. The cash equivalents consist of liquid investments with a maturity of three months or 
less and the short-term investments consist of instruments with maturities greater than three months and less 
than one year.

The Company measures the fair value of forward exchange contracts and interest rate swaps based upon 

the present value of expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs including credit risk, 
interest rate yield curves, foreign currency spot prices and forward prices.

Long-term debt is recorded at amortized cost. The fair value of long-term debt is measured based upon 
quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments, which are considered Level 2 inputs in the fair value 
hierarchy. The fair value of long-term debt was $19.2 billion and $11.3 billion at September 30, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The fair value of the current portion of long-term debt was $206 million and $798 million at 
September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

The contingent consideration liabilities were recognized as part of the consideration transferred by the 
Company for certain acquisitions. The fair values of the contingent consideration liabilities were estimated 
using probability-weighted discounted cash flow models that were based upon the probabilities assigned with 
regard to achievement of the contingent events. The estimated fair values of the contingent consideration 
liabilities are remeasured each reporting period based upon increases or decreases in the probability of the 
contingent payments. The decrease to the total contingent consideration liability in fiscal year 2017 is primarily 

84

attributable to a $40 million payment of a contingent consideration liability recorded in connection with a 
previously closed acquisition.

The Company’s policy is to recognize any transfers into fair value measurement hierarchy levels and 

transfers out of levels at the beginning of each reporting period. There were no transfers in and out of Level 1, 
Level 2 or Level 3 measurements for the years ending September 30, 2017 and 2016.

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements

In fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded a charge of $214 million to impair capitalized internal-use 

software assets held for sale as a result of the Company's transition of certain elements of its information 
technology infrastructure to an outsourced model.  Impairment charges recorded in 2015 of $72 million 
primarily related to information technology assets held for sale as a result of these same transition efforts.  Also 
in fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded losses of $81 million on the held for sale assets of certain non-core 
businesses.  The amounts recognized in 2016 and 2015 were recorded to Acquisitions and other restructurings 
to adjust the carrying amount of assets held for sale to an estimate of the assets' fair values, less the estimated 
costs to sell these assets. The fair values of the assets adjusted in 2016 and 2015 were estimated, based upon a 
market participant's perspective, using a market approach and Level 2 inputs, including quoted prices for similar 
assets.

Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company maintains cash deposits in excess of government-provided insurance limits. Such cash 
deposits are exposed to loss in the event of nonperformance by financial institutions. Substantially all of the 
Company’s trade receivables are due from public and private entities involved in the healthcare industry. Due to 
the large size and diversity of the Company’s customer base, concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade 
receivables are limited. The Company does not normally require collateral. The Company is exposed to credit 
loss in the event of nonperformance by financial institutions with which it conducts business. However, this loss 
is limited to the amounts, if any, by which the obligations of the counterparty to the financial instrument 
contract exceed the obligations of the Company. The Company also minimizes exposure to credit risk by 
dealing with a diversified group of major financial institutions.

The Company continually evaluates its accounts receivables for potential collection risks particularly 

those resulting from sales to government-owned or government-supported healthcare facilities in certain 
countries as payment may be dependent upon the financial stability and creditworthiness of those countries’ 
national economies. The Company continually evaluates all governmental receivables for potential collection 
risks associated with the availability of government funding and reimbursement practices. The Company 
believes the current reserves related to all governmental receivables are adequate and that this concentration of 
credit risk will not have a material adverse impact on its financial position or liquidity. 

85

Note 15 — Debt
Short-term debt

Short-term debt at September 30 consisted of:

(Millions of dollars)
Commercial paper borrowings
Current portion of long-term debt
4.900% Notes due April 15, 2018
1.450% Notes due May 15, 2017
1.750% Notes due November 8, 2016
Other
Total short-term debt

(A)

$

$

2017

2016

— $

200
—
—
3
203

$

200

—
300
500
1
1,001

(A)  All or a portion of the aggregate principal amount outstanding was repurchased during the first quarter 

of 2017, as further discussed below.

The weighted average interest rates for short-term debt were 4.90% and 1.49% at September 30, 2017 and 

2016, respectively.

86

Long-term debt

Long-Term Debt at September 30 consisted of:

(Millions of dollars)
1.800% Notes due December 15, 2017
4.900% Notes due April 15, 2018
5.000% Notes due May 15, 2019
2.133% Notes due June 6, 2019
0.368% Notes due June 6, 2019
6.375% Notes due August 1, 2019
2.675% Notes due December 15, 2019
2.404% Notes due June 5, 2020
3.250% Notes due November 12, 2020
3.125% Notes due November 8, 2021
2.894% Notes due June 6, 2022
Floating Rate Notes due June 6, 2022
1.000% Notes due December 15, 2022
3.300% Notes due March 1, 2023
3.875% Notes due May 15, 2024
3.363% Notes due June 6, 2024
3.734% Notes due December 15, 2024
1.900% Notes due December 15, 2026
3.700% Notes due June 6, 2027
7.000% Debentures due August 1, 2027
6.700% Debentures due August 1, 2028
6.000% Notes due May 15, 2039
5.000% Notes due November 12, 2040
4.875% Notes due May 15, 2044
4.685% Notes due December 15, 2044
4.669% Notes due June 6, 2047
Other long-term debt
Total Long-Term Debt

(A) (C)

(A) (C)
(B)
(B)
(A) (C)
(A)
(B)

(B)
(B)
(D)
(C)
(A) (C)
(B)
(A)
(D)
(B)

(C)

(B)

2017

2016

—
—
—
723
823
—
1,121
996
698
1,003
1,791
497
586
296
182
1,736
1,367
585
2,381
166
164
246
296
331
1,189
1,484
3
18,667

$

1,248
201
498
—
—
776
1,245
—
698
1,018
—
—
—
304
417
—
1,740
—
—
168
167
246
297
333
1,190
—
4
10,550

$

(A)  All or a portion of the aggregate principal amount outstanding was repurchased during the first quarter 

of 2017, as further discussed below.

(B)  Notes issued during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, as further discussed below.
(C)  All or a portion of the aggregate principal amount outstanding was redeemed during the third quarter 

of 2017, as further discussed below.

(D)  Notes issued during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, as further discussed below.
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt including interest during the fiscal years ending 

September 30, 2018 to 2022 are as follows: 2018 — $823 million; 2019 — $2.2 billion; 2020 — $2.8 billion; 
2021 — $1.2 billion; 2022 — $3.8 billion.
Other current credit facilities

In January 2016, the Company replaced an existing $1 billion syndicated credit facility with a $1.5 billion 
syndicated credit facility. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company extended the expiration date 
of this credit facility to January 2022 from the original expiration date of January 2021.  There were no 

87

borrowings outstanding under this credit facility at September 30, 2017.  The credit facility, under which the 
Company may issue up to $100 million in letters of credit, can be used for general corporate purposes.  It 
includes a provision that enables BD, subject to additional commitments made by the lenders, to access up to an 
additional $500 million in financing through the facility for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2 billion. 
The credit facility includes a single financial covenant that requires BD to maintain an interest expense 
coverage ratio of not less than 4-to-1 for the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters. The Company was in 
compliance with this covenant as of September 30, 2017. The Company will replace this existing syndicated 
credit facility with a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility upon the closing of the Bard 
acquisition, as further discussed below.  In addition, the Company has informal lines of credit outside of the 
United States.
First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Debt-Related Transactions

In December 2016, the Company issued euro-denominated debt consisting of 500 million euros of 1.000% 

notes and 500 million euros of 1.900% notes. The Company used the net proceeds from this long-term debt 
offering, together with other sources of liquidity, to fund the Company's repurchase of certain of its senior notes 
outstanding. Under this cash tender offer, the Company repurchased all or a portion of the aggregate principal 
amounts of certain of its long-term notes outstanding, totaling $1.689 billion, at an aggregate market price of 
$1.764 billion. The carrying value of these long-term notes was $1.727 billion, and the Company recognized a 
loss on this debt extinguishment of $42 million, which was recorded in December 2016 as Other income 
(expense), net, on the Company’s consolidated statements of income.
Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Debt-Related Transactions

In connection with the Company's agreement to acquire Bard, as previously discussed in Note 9, the 

Company's capital structure was impacted in the third quarter by the debt-related transactions discussed below.

•  The Company entered into a three-year senior unsecured term loan facility of $2.25 billion.  The 

proceeds from this facility may only be used to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the Bard 
acquisition, as well as the fees and expenses incurred in connection with this acquisition, which is 
expected to close in the fourth calendar quarter of 2017.

•  The Company also entered into a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that will provide 

borrowing of up to $2.25 billion when the facility becomes effective upon the closing of the Bard 
acquisition.  The facility, which will expire in May 2022, will replace the syndicated credit facility the 
Company currently has in place, as discussed above.  The Company intends to use the new revolving 
facility to fund general corporate needs and to redeem, repurchase or defease certain of Bard's 
outstanding senior unsecured notes that will be assumed upon the closing of the acquisition.

•  The Company issued senior unsecured U.S. notes with an aggregate principal amount of $9.675 

billion.  If the Company's acquisition of Bard does not close by April 23, 2018, or if the agreement to 
acquire Bard is terminated prior to this date, the Company will be required to redeem all of the senior 
unsecured U.S. notes issued as detailed above, except for the notes which are due in 2019.  The notes 
would be redeemed at a special mandatory redemption price equal to 101% of their aggregate principal 
amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.

•  The Company issued Euro-denominated debt consisting of 700 million euros of 0.368% Notes due 

June 6, 2019.

•  The Company redeemed all or a portion of the aggregate principal amounts of certain of its long-term 
senior notes outstanding, totaling $1.717 billion, at an aggregate market price of $1.776 billion.  The 
carrying value of these long-term notes was $1.745 billion and the Company recognized a loss on this 
debt extinguishment of $31 million, which was recorded in June 2017 as Other income (expense), net, 
on the Company’s consolidated statements of income.

88

•  Upon securing the permanent financing arrangements discussed above, an agreement for $15.7 billion 

of fully committed bridge financing that was entered into concurrently with the execution of the 
agreement to acquire Bard was terminated.

Also in connection with the Company's agreement to acquire Bard, the Company commenced offers to 

exchange certain outstanding notes issued by Bard for a like-amount of new notes to be issued by the Company.  
The offers are conditioned upon the closing of the Bard acquisition and the expiration of these offers will be 
extended until the acquisition closes.  The aggregate principal amounts of Bard notes which have been validly 
tendered for notes issued by the Company since the offers were commenced in May are provided below.

(Millions of dollars)
4.400% Notes due January 15, 2021
3.000% Notes due May 15, 2026
6.700% Notes due December 1, 2026
Total

$

Aggregate
Principal 
Amount
500
500
150
1,150

$

Principal
Amount

Accepted for
Exchange

$

$

428
470
137
1,035

Capitalized interest

The Company capitalizes interest costs as a component of the cost of construction in progress. A summary 

of interest costs and payments for the years ended September 30 is as follows:

(Millions of dollars)
Charged to operations
Capitalized
Total interest costs
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized

2017

2016

2015

$

$
$

521
32
553
435

$

$
$

388
30
418
392

$

$
$

371
30
401
313

Note 16 — Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes the years ended September 30 consisted of:

(Millions of dollars)
Current:
Federal
State and local, including Puerto Rico
Foreign

Deferred:
Domestic
Foreign

Income tax provision

2017

2016

2015

(230) $
(20)
200
(50) $

(64) $
(10)
(74)
(124) $

312
17
286
616

$

$

(441) $
(78)
(519)
97

$

50
15
252
318

(238)
(37)
(274)
44

$

$

$

$

89

The components of Income Before Income Taxes for the years ended September 30 consisted of:

(Millions of dollars)
Domestic, including Puerto Rico
Foreign
Income Before Income Taxes

2017

2016

2015

$

$

(386) $
1,362
976

$

(232) $
1,306
1,074

$

(408)
1,147
739

The table below summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction 
in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such unrecognized tax benefits were settled. 
The Company believes it is reasonably possible that certain audits will close within the next twelve months but 
no significant increases or decreases in the amount of the unrecognized tax benefits are expected to result.

(Millions of dollars)
Balance at October 1
Increase due to acquisitions
Increase due to current year tax positions
Increase due to prior year tax positions
Decreases due to prior year tax positions
Decrease due to settlements with tax authorities
Decrease due to lapse of statute of limitations
Balance at September 30

2017

2016

2015

$

$

469
—
41
19
(30)
(145)
(5)
349

$

$

593
—
81
10
(3)
(147)
(65)
469

$

$

206
326
62
14
(2)
(10)
(3)
593

Upon the Company's acquisition of CareFusion, the Company became a party to a tax matters agreement 
with Cardinal Health resulting from Cardinal Health's spin-off of CareFusion in fiscal year 2010. Under the tax 
matters agreement, the Company is obligated to indemnify Cardinal Health for certain tax exposures and 
transaction taxes prior to CareFusion’s spin-off from Cardinal Health. The indemnification payable is 
approximately $134 million at September 30, 2017 and is included in Deferred Income Taxes and Other on the 
consolidated balance sheet.

At September 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, there are $415 million, $478 million and $620 million of 

unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. During the fiscal years ended 
September 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company reported interest and penalties associated with unrecognized 
tax benefits of $57 million, $(38) million and $5 million on the consolidated statements of income as a 
component of Income tax provision.

The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits 
in progress in a number of tax jurisdictions. While the IRS has completed its audit for the BD legacy fiscal year 
2014 and combined company fiscal year 2016, the IRS has recently commenced the audit for the CareFusion 
legacy fiscal year 2014 and short period 2015. For the BD legacy business, all years are effectively settled with 
the exception of 2015 for which the Company believes it is adequately reserved for any potential exposures.  
With the exception of the CareFusion legacy fiscal year 2010 audit, all other periods are at various stages of 
appeals or protests.  For the Company’s other major tax jurisdictions where it conducts business, the Company’s 
tax years are generally open after 2011.

90

Deferred income taxes at September 30 consisted of:

 
(Millions of dollars)
Compensation and benefits
Property and equipment
Intangibles
Loss and credit carryforwards
Other

Valuation allowance
Net (A)

2017

2016

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

$

$

618
—
—
1,098
531
2,247
(1,032)
1,216

$

$

— $
244
1,584
—
164
1,992
—
1,992

$

720
—
—
1,101
783
2,604
(997)
1,606

$

$

—
164
1,571
—
664
2,399
—
2,399

(A)  Net deferred tax assets are included in Other Assets and net deferred tax liabilities are included in 
Deferred Income Taxes and Other.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted on the balance sheet by separate tax jurisdictions. Deferred 

taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely reinvested. At 
September 30, 2017, the cumulative amount of such undistributed earnings indefinitely reinvested outside the 
United States was $9.6 billion. Determining the tax liability that would arise if these earnings were remitted is 
not practicable. Deferred taxes are provided for earnings outside the United States when those earnings are not 
considered indefinitely reinvested.

Generally, deferred tax assets have been established as a result of net operating losses and credit 

carryforwards with expiration dates from 2018 to an unlimited expiration date. Valuation allowances have been 
established as a result of an evaluation of the uncertainty associated with the realization of certain deferred tax 
assets on these losses and credit carryforwards. The valuation allowance for 2017 is primarily the result of 
foreign losses due to the Company’s global re-organization of its foreign entities and these generally have no 
expiration date. Valuation allowances are also maintained with respect to deferred tax assets for certain federal 
and state carryforwards that may not be realized and that principally expire in 2021.

A reconciliation of the federal statutory tax rate to the Company’s effective income tax rate was as 

follows:

Federal statutory tax rate
State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit
Effect of foreign and Puerto Rico earnings and foreign tax credits
Effect of Research Credits and Domestic Production Activities
Effect of change in accounting for excess tax benefit relating to
share-based compensation (see Note 2)
Other, net
Effective income tax rate

2017
35.0 %
(2.6)
(40.8)
(2.7)

(7.9)
6.3

(12.7)%

2016

2015

35.0%
1.5
(23.7)
(4.4)

—
0.7
9.1%

35.0%
(3.6)
(24.5)
(1.6)

—
0.6
5.9%

The approximate amounts of tax reductions related to tax holidays in various countries in which the 

Company does business were $144 million, $121 million and $103 million, in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. The benefit of the tax holiday on diluted earnings per share was approximately $0.64, $0.56, and 
$0.48 for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The tax holidays expire at various dates through 2026.
The Company made income tax payments, net of refunds, of $265 million in 2017, $218 million in 2016 

and $240 million in 2015.

91

Note 17 — Sales-Type Leases and Financing Receivables

In April 2017, in conjunction with the implementation of a new “go-to-market” business model for the 

Company's U.S. dispensing business within the Medication Management Solutions (“MMS”) unit of the 
Medical segment, the Company amended the terms of certain customer leases for dispensing equipment within 
the MMS unit. The modification provided customers the ability to reduce its dispensing asset base via a return 
provision, resulting in a more flexible lease term. Prior to the modification, these leases were accounted for as 
sales-type leases in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 840, "Leases", as the non-
cancellable lease term of 5 years exceeded 75% of the equipment’s estimated useful life and the present value of 
the minimum lease payments exceeded 90% of the equipment’s fair value. As a result of the lease modification, 
the Company was required to reassess the classification of the leases due to the amended lease term. 
Accordingly, most amended lease contracts were classified as operating leases beginning in April 2017. The 
change in lease classification resulted in a pre-tax charge to earnings in fiscal year 2017 of $748 million, which 
was recorded in Other operating (income) expense, net, relating to the derecognition of the net investment in 
sales-type leases of $1.065 billion, partially offset by the recognition of the underlying leased assets, 
as Property, Plant and Equipment, Net on the Company’s balance sheet, as of the effective date of $317 million. 
Beginning April 1, 2017, revenue associated with these modified contracts is recognized on a straight-line basis 
over the remaining lease term, along with depreciation on the reinstated leased assets.

The Company's consolidated financial results in 2017 were not materially impacted by the financing 

receivables remaining subsequent to the lease modification discussed above.

Note 18 — Supplemental Financial Information

Other Income (Expense), Net

(Millions of dollars)
Losses on debt extinguishment
Share of Vyaire Medical venture results, net of income from transition
services agreements
Other equity investment income
Losses on undesignated foreign exchange derivatives, net
Gains on previously held investments
Other
Other (expense) income, net

2017

2016

2015

$

(73)

$ — $ —

(3)
3
(11)
24
3
(57)

$

—
8
(3)
—
7
11

$

—
9
—
9
3
21

$

Additional disclosures regarding the losses recognized on the extinguishment of debt are provided in Note 

15. Additional disclosures regarding the Company's divestiture of the Respiratory Solutions business and the 
Vyaire Medical venture formed with this business are provided in Note 10. The Company recognized an 
acquisition-date accounting gain related to a previously-held equity method investment in an entity that the 
Company acquired during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. The Company also recognized such a gain in 
2015, when it acquired another entity in which an equity method investment was held prior to the acquisition 
date.

92

Trade Receivables, Net

The amounts recognized in 2017, 2016 and 2015 relating to allowances for doubtful accounts and cash 

discounts, which are netted against trade receivables, are provided in the following table:

$

$

$

$

(Millions of dollars)
Balance at September 30, 2014

Additions charged to costs and expenses
Deductions and other

Balance at September 30, 2015

Additions charged to costs and expenses
Deductions and other

Balance at September 30, 2016

Additions charged to costs and expenses
Deductions and other

Balance at September 30, 2017

(A)  Accounts written off.

Inventories

Inventories at September 30 consisted of:

(Millions of dollars)
Materials
Work in process
Finished products

Property, Plant and Equipment, Net

Property, Plant and Equipment, Net at September 30 consisted of:

(Millions of dollars)
Land
Buildings
Machinery, equipment and fixtures
Leasehold improvements

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

Allowance for

Doubtful
Accounts

 
30   
33   
(11) (A) 
53   
23   
(14) (A) 
61   
25   
(32) (A) 
54   

$

$

$

$

Allowance for

Cash

Discounts

12
47
(50)
9
37
(40)
6
43
(45)
4

$

$

$

$

Total

42
80
(61)
62
60
(55)
67
68
(76)
58

2017

2016

2017

313
271
1,234
1,818

146
2,496
6,584
163
9,389
4,752
4,638

$

$

$

$

2016

316
274
1,129
1,719

151
2,397
5,749
121
8,419
4,518
3,901

$

$

$

$

The increase in Machinery, equipment and fixtures included $317 million of assets recognized as 

Property, Plant and Equipment, Net on the Company’s balance sheet, resulting from a modification to the 
Company's dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers. Additional disclosures regarding this 
modification are provided in Note 17.

93

SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED)

Millions of dollars, except per share amounts
 
Revenues
Gross Profit
Net Income (Loss)
Earnings per Share:

Basic
Diluted

 
 
Revenues
Gross Profit
Net Income
Earnings per Share:

Basic
Diluted

$

$

1st

2nd

$

$

2,922
1,452
562

2.64
2.58

1st

2,986
1,408
229

1.08
1.06

$

$

2,969
1,432
344

1.61
1.58

2nd

3,067
1,484
338

1.59
1.56

$

$

2017
3rd

3,035
1,504
(132)

(0.75)
(0.75)

2016
3rd

3,198
1,547
390

1.83
1.80

$

$

4th

3,166
1,554
327

1.27
1.24

4th

3,231
1,552
19

0.09
0.09

Year

12,093
5,942
1,100

4.70
4.60

Year

12,483
5,991
976

4.59
4.49

Certain quarterly amounts may not add to the year-to-date totals due to rounding.  Earnings per share amounts 
are calculated from the underlying whole-dollar amounts. As of May 2017, the weighted average common 
shares used in the computations of basic and diluted earnings per share reflect shares issued in anticipation of 
the pending acquisition of Bard. Additional disclosures regarding this issuance of shares and the pending 
acquisition are provided in Notes 3 and 9.

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures.

An evaluation was conducted by BD’s management, with the participation of BD’s Chief Executive 

Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of BD’s disclosure controls 
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 
2017. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the 
design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were, as of the end of the period covered by 
this report, effective and designed to ensure that material information relating to BD and its consolidated 
subsidiaries would be made known to them by others within these entities. There were no changes in our 
internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017 identified in 
connection with the above-referenced evaluation that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to 
materially affect, BD’s internal control over financial reporting.  

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent 

Registered Public Accounting Firm are contained in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and 
are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9B.    Other Information.

None.

94

PART III

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The information relating to directors and the Audit Committee of the BD Board of Directors required by 

this item will be contained under the captions “Proposal 1. Election of Directors” and “Board of Directors - 
Committee Membership and Function - Audit Committee” in a definitive proxy statement involving the election 
of directors, which the registrant will file with the SEC not later than 120 days after September 30, 2017 (the 
“2018 Proxy Statement”), and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information relating to executive officers required by this item is included herein in Part I under the 

caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant.” 

Certain other information required by this item will be contained under the captions “Ownership of BD 

Common Stock - Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance”, “Corporate Governance - Director 
nomination process" and Corporate Governance - Code of Conduct” in BD’s 2018 Proxy Statement, and such 
information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11.    Executive Compensation.

The information required by this item will be contained under the captions “Board of Directors - 
Non Management Directors’ Compensation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Report of the 
Compensation and Management Development Committee,” “Compensation of Named Executive Officers” and 
“Board of Directors - Committee membership and function - Compensation and Management Development 
Committee” in BD’s 2018 Proxy Statement, and such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters.

The information required by this item will be contained under the caption “Ownership of BD Common 

Stock” in BD’s 2018 Proxy Statement, and such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The information required by this item will be contained under the caption “Corporate Governance - 

Director Independence; Policy Regarding Related Person Transactions” in BD’s 2018 Proxy Statement, and 
such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The information required by this item will be contained under the caption “Proposal 2. Ratification of 

Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in BD’s 2018 Proxy Statement, and such 
information is incorporated herein by reference.

95

Item 15.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

PART IV

(a)(1)  Financial Statements
The following consolidated financial statements of BD are included in Item 8 of this report:
• 
• 
• 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Statements of Income — Years ended September 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income — Years ended September 30, 2017, 2016 and 
2015
Consolidated Balance Sheets — September 30, 2017 and 2016
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows — Years ended September 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Statement Schedules

• 
• 
• 
(2) 
See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and 

Supplementary Data.
Exhibits

(3) 
See the Exhibit Index beginning on page 99 hereof for a list of all management contracts, compensatory 
plans and arrangements required by this item, and all other Exhibits filed or incorporated by reference as a part 
of this report.

96

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant 

has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY

SIGNATURES

By:

/s/    GARY DEFAZIO

 
  Gary DeFazio

Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary

Dated: November 22, 2017

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below  
on the 22nd day of November, 2017 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities 
indicated.

Name

/S/    VINCENT A. FORLENZA

Vincent A. Forlenza

/S/    CHRISTOPHER R. REIDY

Christopher R. Reidy

/S/    JOHN GALLAGHER

John Gallagher

Basil L. Anderson*

Catherine M. Burzik*

R. Andrew Eckert*

Claire M. Fraser*

Christopher Jones*

Marshall O. Larsen*

Gary A. Mecklenburg*

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
97

Capacity

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

and Chief Administrative Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance,

Controller and Treasurer

(Principal Accounting Officer)

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Name

James F. Orr*

Willard J. Overlock, Jr.*

Claire Pomeroy*

Rebecca W. Rimel*

Bertram L. Scott*

  

  

  

  

  

  

Capacity

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

*By:

/s/    GARY DEFAZIO

Gary DeFazio
Attorney-in-fact

98

Exhibit
Number
2(a)

2(b)

3(a)(i)

3(a)(ii)

3(b)

4(a)

4(b)

4(c)

4(d)

4(e)

4(f)

4(g)

4(h)

4(i)

4(j)

EXHIBIT INDEX

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

Description

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
April 23, 2017, among C.R. Bard, Inc., Becton,
Dickinson and Company and Lambda Corp.
Amendment No. 1, dated July 28, 2017, to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
April 23, 2017, among C.R. Bard, Inc., Becton,
Dickinson and Company and Lambda Corp.
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as
of January 29, 2013.

Certificate of Amendment of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, filed with the State
of New Jersey Department of Treasury and
effective May 15, 2017.
By-Laws, as amended and restated as of April
23, 2017.

Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1997, between
the registrant and The Bank of New York
Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to
JPMorgan Chase Bank)
Form of 7% Debentures due August 1, 2027.

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

Form of 6.70% Debentures due August 1, 2028.

Form of 4.90% Notes due April 15, 2018.

Form of 2.133% Notes due June 6, 2019.

Form of 2.675% Notes due December 15, 2019.

Form of 2.404% Notes due June 5, 2020.

Form of 3.25% Notes due November 12, 2020.

Form of 3.125% Notes due November 8, 2021.

Form of 2.894% Notes due June 6, 2022.

99

Method of Filing

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
to the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated April 24, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
to the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated July 28, 2017.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a)
to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended March
31, 2013.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
to the registrant’s registration statement
on Form 8-A filed on May 16, 2017.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
to the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated April 24, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)
to Form 8-K filed by the registrant on
July 31, 1997

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(d)
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on July 31, 1997.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(d)
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on July 29, 1999.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(i)
of the registrant's Annual Report on form
10-K for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on June 5, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on December 15, 2014.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on June 5, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on November 12, 2010.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on November 8, 2011.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on June 5, 2017.

Exhibit
Number
4(k)

  

Form of 3.363% Notes due June 6, 2024.

Description

  

Method of Filing

4(l)

Form of 3.734% Notes due December 15, 2024.

4(m)

Form of 3.700% Notes due June 6, 2027.

4(n)

4(o)

4(p)

4(q)

4(r)

4(s)

4(t)

4(u)

4(v)

4(w)

4(x)

10(a)(i)

Form of 6.00% Notes due May 15, 2039.

Form of 5.00% Notes due November 12, 2040.

Form of 4.685% Notes due December 15, 2044.

Form of 4.669% Notes due June 6, 2047.

Form of Floating Rate Notes due June 6, 2022.

Form of 3.300% Senior Notes due March 1,
2023.

Form of 3.875% Senior Notes due May 15,
2024.

Form of 4.875% Senior Notes due May 15,
2044.

Form of Certificate for the 6.125% Mandatory
Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A.

Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2017,
among Becton, Dickinson and Company and
Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust
Company, N.A., acting jointly as depositary and
Computershare Trust company, N.A., acting as
Registrar and Transfer Agent, on behalf of the
holders from time to time of the depositary
receipts described therein.
Form of Depositary Receipt for the Depositary
Shares.

Form of Employment Agreement with
executive officers relating to employment
following a change of control of the registrant
(with tax reimbursement provisions).*

  

  

100

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on June 5, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on December 15, 2014.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on June 5, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on May 13, 2009.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on November 12, 2010.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on December 15, 2014.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on June 5, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on June 5, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on April 29, 2015.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on April 29, 2015.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6
of the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on April 29, 2015.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
to the registrant’s registration statement
on Form 8-A filed on May 16, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3
to the registrant’s registration statement
on Form 8-A filed on May 16, 2017.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4
to the registrant’s registration statement
on Form 8-A filed on May 16, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)
to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended
December 31, 2008.

Exhibit
Number
10(a)(ii)

10(b)

10(c)

10(d)

10(e)

10(f)

10(g)(i)

10(g)(ii)

10(h)

10(i)

10(j)

10(k)

10(l)

10(m)

  
   Form of Employment Agreement with

Description

executive officers relating to employment
following a change of control of the registrant
(without tax reimbursement provisions).*
Stock Award Plan, as amended and restated as
of January 31, 2006.*

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and
restated January 24, 2017.*

Deferred Compensation and Retirement Benefit
Restoration Plan, as amended and restated as of
September 27, 2016.*

1996 Directors’ Deferral Plan, as amended and
restated as of November 25, 2014.*

Amended and Restated Aircraft Time Sharing
Agreement between Becton, Dickinson and
Company and Vincent A. Forlenza dated as of
March 21, 2012.*
2004 Employee and Director Equity-Based
Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as
of January 26, 2016.*
Terms of Awards under 2004 Employee and
Director Equity-Based Compensation Plan and
Stock Award Plan.*

Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated January 29,
2016 among the registrant and the banks named
therein (term has been extended to January 24,
2022).
364-Day Term Loan Agreement, dated
December 19, 2014, by and among Becton,
Dickinson and Company, as borrower, Goldman
Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, and
the lenders party thereto.
Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement.

Tax Matters Agreement, dated August 31, 2009,
by and between Cardinal Health, Inc. and
CareFusion Corporation.
Letter of Understanding dated March 28, 2016
between Becton, Dickinson and Company and
Alexandre Conroy.*

Three-Year Term Loan Agreement, dated as of
May 12, 2017, by and among Becton,
Dickinson and Company, the lenders party
thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative
agent.

101

  
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
  

  

  

  

Method of Filing

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)
(ii) to the registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2013.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)
to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended
December 31, 2005.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended March
31, 2017.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d)
to the registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to the registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K dated December 2, 2014.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K dated March 27, 2012.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to
the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-
K dated January 29, 2016.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g)
(ii) to the registrant’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to
the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-
K dated February 4, 2016.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed December 14, 2014.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the registrant’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on January 6, 2015.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
to Cardinal Health, Inc.’s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2009.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to
the registrant’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended
December 31, 2016.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed May 10, 2017.

Exhibit
Number
10(n)

21

23

24

31

32

101

Description

Credit Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2017, by
and among Becton, Dickinson and Company,
the banks and issuers of letters of credit party
thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative
agent.
Subsidiaries of the registrant.

Consent of independent registered public
accounting firm.

Power of Attorney.

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to SEC
Rule 13(a)-14(a).

Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the U.S. Code.

The following materials from this report,
formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business
Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated
Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the
Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v)
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
  

Method of Filing

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to the registrant’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed May 10, 2017.

   Filed with this report

   Filed with this report

   Filed with this report

   Filed with this report

   Filed with this report

   Filed with this report

* 

Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
Copies of any Exhibits not accompanying this Form 10-K are available at a charge of 10 cents per page 

by contacting: Investor Relations, Becton, Dickinson and Company, 1 Becton Drive, Franklin Lakes, New 
Jersey 07417-1880, Phone: 1-800-284-6845.

102

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

Corporate Officers 

Vincent A. Forlenza 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Pierre A. Boisier 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Quality Officer
James W. Borzi 
Executive Vice President,  
Global Operations and  
Chief Supply Chain Officer
Gary M. Cohen 
Executive Vice President, Global Health 
and President, BD Foundation
Alexandre Conroy 
President, Medication and  
Procedural Solutions
Gary M. DeFazio 
Senior Vice President, Corporate 
Secretary and Associate General 
Counsel
John E. Gallagher 
Senior Vice President, Corporate 
Finance, Controller and Treasurer

Board of Directors

Basil L. Anderson 1,2,4 
Retired Vice Chairman—Staples, Inc.
Catherine M. Burzik 1,5 
Former President and Chief Executive 
Officer — Kinetic Concepts, Inc.
R. Andrew Eckert 3,5 
President and Chief Executive Officer—
Acelity L.P. Inc.
Vincent A. Forlenza 4 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Claire M. Fraser, Ph.D. 3,5 
Director—Institute for Genome 
Sciences, University of Maryland School 
of Medicine

Roland Goette 
Executive Vice President and  
President, EMEA
David W. Highet 
Senior Vice President, Chief Intellectual 
Property Counsel and Assistant 
Secretary
James Lim 
Executive Vice President and  
President, Greater Asia
Alberto Mas 
Executive Vice President and  
President, Life Sciences Segment
George J. Parr 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Marketing Officer
Linda J. Peters 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Regulatory Officer
Aaron Pettit 
Senior Vice President and  
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer

Richard Pierle 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Information Officer
Thomas E. Polen 
President
Christopher R. Reidy 
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer
Antoinette F. Segreto 
Senior Vice President, Taxes
Nabil Shabshab 
President, Diabetes Care and  
Digital Health
Ellen R. Strahlman 
Executive Vice President, Research and 
Development and Chief Medical Officer
Linda M. Tharby 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Human Resource Officer

Christopher Jones 1,4,5 
Retired Chief Executive Officer— 
JWT Worldwide
Marshall O. Larsen 2,3,4 
Retired Chairman, President and Chief 
Executive Officer—Goodrich 
Corporation
Gary A. Mecklenburg 2,3 
Retired President and Chief Executive 
Officer—Northwestern Memorial 
HealthCare
James F. Orr 2,3 
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer—Convergys Corporation

Willard J. Overlock, Jr. 1,4,5 
Retired Partner—Goldman, Sachs & 
Company
Claire Pomeroy, M.D. 3,5 
President—The Albert and Mary Lasker 
Foundation
Rebecca W. Rimel 1,5 
President and Chief Executive Officer—
The Pew Charitable Trusts
Bertram L. Scott 1,2 
Senior Vice President of Population 
Health—Novant Health

Committees appointed by the Board of Directors

1. Audit Committee
2. Compensation and Management Development Committee
3. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
4. Executive Committee
5. Science, Marketing, Innovation and Technology Committee

BD would like to thank Basil Anderson 
and James Orr for their years of 
dedicated service as they retire from  
the Board of Directors in 2018. For  
more than a decade, their leadership  
has helped shape BD into the global 
healthcare leader that we know today.

Corporate information

Annual meeting 
Tuesday, January 23, 2018 at 1:00 p.m. 
Four Seasons Hotel New York 
57 East 57th Street 
New York, NY 10022
This annual report is not a 
solicitation of proxies.

Transfer agent and registrar 
Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
By regular mail
P.O. Box 505000 
Louisville, KY 40233-5000
By overnight mail
462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600 
Louisville, KY 40202 
Toll free: 877.498.8861 
Toll: 781.575.2879 
www.computershare.com

Direct stock purchase plan 
The Direct Stock Purchase Plan established 
through Computershare Trust Company, 
N.A., enhances the services provided  
to existing shareholders and facilitates  
initial investments in BD shares. Plan 
documentation and additional information 
may be obtained by calling Computershare 
Trust Company, N.A., at 877.498.8861, or  
by accessing the “Buy stock direct” feature 
located within the Investor Centre of 
Computershare’s website at  
www.computershare.com.
NYSE Symbol: BDX

Independent auditors 
Ernst & Young LLP
5 Times Square 
New York, NY 10036-6530 
Phone: 212.773.3000 
www.ey.com

Shareholder information 
As of November 30, 2017, BD had  
13,044 shareholders of record. The  
BD Statement of Corporate Governance 
Principles, the BD Code of Conduct, the 
charters of the BD Committees of the  
Board of Directors, BD reports and 
statements filed with or furnished to  
the Securities and Exchange Commission 
and other information are posted on the  
BD website at bd.com/investors.
Shareholders may receive, without charge, 
printed copies of these documents, 
including the BD 2017 Annual Report on 
Form 10-K, including the financial 
statements and related schedules, 
by contacting:

Investor relations 
BD 
1 Becton Drive 
Franklin Lakes, NJ 07417-1880 
Phone: 800.284.6845 
bd.com

Comparison of five-year cumulative total return

1. Becton, Dickinson and Company 
2. The S&P 500 Index 
3. The S&P 500 Health Care Equipment Index*
The graph below presents a comparison of 
cumulative total return to shareholders for 
the five-year period ended September 30, 
2017, for BD, the S&P 500 Index and the 
S&P 500 Health Care Equipment Index.

Cumulative total return to shareholders is 
measured by dividing total dividends 
(assuming dividend reinvestment) plus per 
share price change for the period by the 
share price at the beginning of the 
measurement period. The BD cumulative 

shareholder return is based on an 
investment of $100 on September 30, 2012, 
and is compared to the cumulative total 
return of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 
500 Health Care Equipment Index over the 
same period with a like amount invested.

Becton, Dickinson and 
Company
S&P 500 Index
S&P 500 Health Care 
Equipment Index

*Source: Thomson Reuters

March

2013
June
September

December

March

2014
June
September

December

March

2015
June
September

December

March

2016
June
September

December

March

2017
June
September

%

270

250

230

210

190

170

150

130

110

90

2012

September

December

C132107

Franklin Lakes, NJ, 07417, U.S.
bd.com

© 2017 BD. BD, the BD Logo and all other trademarks are property of Becton, Dickinson and Company.

