Car max, I nC. an n UaL r E POrT FI SCaL YEar 2018 

188 

locations 
nationwide
(and growing!)

CarMax MarKets
`  Existing Television Markets 
`   New Television Markets  

Opening in Fiscal 2019

(Size of markers is based on  
number of CarMax stores in  
each market)

CarMax Used Car stores

AlAbAmA
Birmingham
Dothan
Huntsville
Mobile/Pensacola (2)
Montgomery*
ArizonA
Phoenix (2)
Tucson
CAliforniA
Bakersfield
Fresno
Los Angeles (12)
Sacramento (4)
San Diego (2)
San Francisco (5)
ColorAdo
Colorado Springs
Denver (5)
ConneCtiCut
Hartford /New Haven (3)

floridA
Ft. Myers (2)
Gainesville
Jacksonville (2)
Miami* (6)
Orlando* (4)
Tallahassee
Tampa (2)
GeorGiA
Atlanta (6)
Augusta
Columbus
Macon* 
Savannah
idAho
Boise
illinois
Bloomington
Champaign
Chicago (8)
indiAnA
Indianapolis
iowA
Des Moines
KAnsAs
Kansas City (2)
Wichita

KentuCKY
Lexington
Louisville
louisiAnA
Baton Rouge
Lafayette*
New Orleans*
Shreveport*
mAine
Portland
mArYlAnd
Salisbury
mAssAChusetts
Boston (4)
miChiGAn
Grand Rapids
minnesotA
Minneapolis/St. Paul (2)
mississippi
Jackson
Tupelo
missouri
St. Louis (3)
nebrAsKA
Omaha

nevAdA
Las Vegas (3)
Reno
new mexiCo
Albuquerque* (2)
new YorK
Albany
Buffalo*
Rochester
north CArolinA
Charlotte (4)
Greensboro (2)
Greenville*
Raleigh (3)
Wilmington*
ohio
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus (2)
Dayton
oKlAhomA
Oklahoma City* (2)
Tulsa
oreGon
Portland* (3)

pennsYlvAniA
Lancaster (2)
Philadelphia (5)
rhode islAnd 
Providence (2)
south CArolinA
Charleston
Columbia
Greenville
Myrtle Beach
tennessee
Bristol
Chattanooga
Jackson
Knoxville
Memphis
Nashville (3)
texAs
Austin (2)
Corpus Christi*
Dallas / Fort Worth* (6)
El Paso
Houston (6)
San Antonio (2)
Tyler
utAh
Salt Lake City

virGiniA
Charlottesville
Harrisonburg
Lynchburg
Norfolk / Virginia Beach (2)
Richmond (2)
wAshinGton
Seattle (3)
Spokane
wAshinGton, d.C. / 
bAltimore (9)

wisConsin
Madison
Milwaukee (2)

* Opening in fiscal 2019  
(including one store each in 
Albuquerque, Dallas/Fort Worth, 
Miami, Oklahoma City, Orlando 
and Portland)

2018 Letter to Shareholders 
 
As we approach CarMax’s 25th anniversary this September, I’ve been reflecting on all that we have accomplished.  
CarMax was founded to drive integrity in the automotive industry by being honest and transparent in every interaction.  
We have fundamentally changed the way Americans buy used cars and have provided rewarding career opportunities to 
tens of thousands of associates.  I’m proud of what we’ve achieved and remain excited for the future ahead.  
 
During fiscal 2018, we grew total revenues by 8% to $17.1 billion, and we increased earnings per diluted share by over 
10% to $3.60.  We grew retail units by more than 7% to 722,000 vehicles, including a 2% increase in comparable store 
used units.  Throughout the year, sales benefited from strong in-store execution, supported by continued improvements to 
our website and digital customer experience.  
 
We also sold 409,000 vehicles at our wholesale auctions, an increase of 4% compared with fiscal 2017, due primarily to 
increases in our appraisal buy rate and our store base.  CarMax Auto Finance (CAF) income increased 14% to 
$421 million, a result of the growth in our receivables portfolio and a lower provision for loan losses.  While we 
experienced rising losses in the previous year, fiscal 2018 was characterized by losses generally consistent with our 
expectations.  
 
We opened 15 stores during fiscal 2018, and we ended the year with 188 used car stores.  This year, we entered the 
Seattle market with our first two stores, and added two new stores in the San Francisco market.  In addition, we opened 
six stores in what we define as smaller markets, with metropolitan statistical areas of less than 600,000 people.  We plan 
to open another 15 stores during fiscal 2019, including entering the New Orleans market. 
 
Customer Experience Leader. CarMax continues to lead the industry by making the entire customer experience more 
simple and seamless.  We’re pleased with the progress we’ve made advancing our digital experience for customers and 
our technology capabilities for associates. This year, we’ve significantly improved this experience by offering personalized 
vehicle recommendations, launching high-quality 360-degree interior photos, and making the online financing application 
process easier and faster.  In addition, we continue to test a new online appraisal offering, and have further developed 
alternative methods for delivering the vehicle on the customer’s terms, including launching expedited pick up in two 
markets and continuing to test and enhance our home delivery offering in Charlotte, NC. 
 
This year we’ve also focused on associate-enabling technologies, and launched a new enterprise-wide customer 
relationship management platform that delivers a unified view of our customers’ shopping and selling history across all 
locations.  We also rolled out our new mobile appraisal platform for buyers to nearly all stores.  The platform enables 
buyers to be more efficient and effective, which reduces appraisal time.  
 
We will continue to focus on meeting the customer on their terms whether it is in the store, online, or a combination of the 
two.  Our associates, national footprint, brand strength, infrastructure, inventory scale, and continued investments in 
technology and digital capabilities, position us to continue to lead the used car industry. 
 
Associate First. CarMax associates continue to thrive in our collaborative, people-first culture dedicated to doing what’s 
right for our customers, each other and our communities.  For the 14th consecutive year, CarMax was recognized by 
FORTUNE magazine as one of its “100 Best Companies to Work For,” this year ranking number 34 on the list.  This 
recognition is a direct result of the unique culture created by our phenomenal associates who care for and support one 
another every day. 
 
As a dynamic growth company, developing associates is critical to our success.  This year, we’ve focused on diversifying 
the abilities of our workforce by encouraging associates to explore cross-functional training and career opportunities that 
may be outside of their typical department.  This allows associates to learn and diversify their skill sets, fuel store growth, 
and drive innovation on behalf of the customer.  We continue to improve our management development program, through 
which we identify and develop potential managers to lead store teams.  Additionally, last year we launched a leadership 
development program to identify and develop high potential regional and director level leaders for future growth.  
Participants receive targeted development and learn skills directly from our senior leadership team.  
 
Financial Highlights 
 
(Dollars in millions except per share data) 
Operating Results 
 
 
 
 
Other Information 
 
 
 

Net sales and operating revenues 
Net earnings 
Diluted net earnings per share 

Capital expenditures 
Used car stores, at end of year 
Associates, at end of year 

  $ 14,268.7
597.4
  $ 
  $ 
2.73
 
 
  $ 
 
 
   

Fiscal Years Ended February 28 or 29

$15,149.7 
623.4 
$
$
3.03 

$17,120.2
664.1
$
$
3.60

$15,875.1
627.0
$
$
3.26

$12,574.3
492.6
$
$
2.16

(29.0)%
8.7%
3.1%

% Change
‘18 vs. ‘17

315.6 
158 
22,429 

296.8
188
25,110

310.3
131
20,171

309.8
144
22,064

418.1
173
24,344

7.8%
5.9%
10.4%

2015 

2016 

2018

2017

2014

$

$

$

$

 

1 

CarMax, Inc.   Fiscal 2018 

 
To thank associates for their hard work and dedication in fiscal 2018, we leveraged the recently passed tax cuts to provide 
one-time bonuses to most hourly and commissioned full-time and part-time associates.  About 80% of associates received 
the bonus, varying from $200 up to $1,500 based on length of service with the company.  
 
Delivering Value to Shareholders. During fiscal 2018, CarMax continued to return capital to shareholders under the 
stock buyback program we launched in 2012.  We repurchased 8.9 million shares during the year, bringing us to a 
cumulative total of more than 65 million shares at a cost of $3.5 billion.  
 
CarMax Cares. We’re committed to Driving What’s Possible for our customers, our associates, and our communities.  We 
invest where we live and work because when our communities thrive, so do our associates and our company.  Since 
2003, CarMax and The CarMax Foundation have donated more than $50 million to the causes that matter to our 
associates.  The Foundation brings to life our commitment to our communities through investments directly connected to 
organizations that our associates are passionate about with an emphasis on children’s education, leadership and healthy 
living.  A highlight last year was the growth of our volunteer team-builder program.  We donated more than $1.2 million to 
nonprofit organizations as a result of more than 1,600 projects with associates from 100% of our locations.  
 
Unfortunately, last year, we saw an unprecedented number of natural disasters that impacted many of our associates.  
CarMax is committed to preparing ahead of disasters so we can support our communities and associates when help is 
needed most.  Our investments in the Red Cross and the CarMax Associate Disaster Fund are designed to do just that.  
In fiscal 2018, the Associate Fund awarded more than 1,200 grants to assist associates recovering from hurricanes 
Harvey and Irma, California wildfires, as well as other unexpected tragedies.  
 
We’re proud to continue to connect the military and their families to career opportunities and community support. Last 
year, we extended our partnerships with Hiring Our Heroes, a program of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation, 
and The Mission Continues, furthering our investments in programs that are making a positive impact on the lives of 
veterans across the country. 
 
Thank you. None of this would be possible without our more than 25,000 associates nationwide who are CarMax’s true 
differentiator and competitive advantage.  Thank you to our associates who provide an unparalleled customer experience 
and take great care of our communities and each other.  I’m proud to work with each one of you who make CarMax better 
every day.  
 
Several members of our Board of Directors will be stepping down this year, including some who have served as early as 
CarMax’s separation from Circuit City in 2002.  I’d like to thank Jeff Garten, Bob Grafton, Ed Grubb and Alan Colberg for 
their shared insights and years of service on the Board.  
 
I would also like to express appreciation from all of us at CarMax to our customers, communities and shareholders.  
Thank you for your continued loyalty and trust.   
 

 

 
Bill Nash 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
April 24, 2018 
 
 

Total Used Units Sold

 

FY18
FY17
FY16
FY15
FY14

FY18
FY17
FY16
FY15
FY14

721,512

671,294

619,936

582,282

526,929

Total Wholesale Units Sold

408,509

391,686
394,437

376,186

342,576

CarMax, Inc.   Fiscal 2018 

   

   

2 

Comparable Store Used Unit Sales

(% change)

2.0%

2.4%

FY18
FY17
FY16
FY15
FY14

4.3%

4.4%

12.2%

Return on Invested Capital *

(unleveraged, excluding non‐recourse debt)
13.9%
14.2%

FY18
FY17
FY16
FY15
FY14
*Return on invested capital is a non‐GAAP measure.  For a reconciliation to 
comparable GAAP measures, see page 81 of this annual report. 

15.3%
15.3%

13.5%

 

 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 

OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018 

OR

   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _____ to _____

Commission File Number: 1-31420
CARMAX, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

VIRGINIA

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

 

12800 TUCKAHOE CREEK PARKWAY, RICHMOND, VIRGINIA

(Address of principal executive offices)

54-1821055
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

23238
(Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (804) 747-0422

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock, par value $0.50

Name of each exchange on which registered

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

 No 

1

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such 
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every 
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months 
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes 

 No 

Yes 

 No 

 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will 
not be contained, to the best of the registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference 
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller 
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller 
reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
Non-accelerated filer 

 (do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Accelerated filer 
Smaller reporting company 
Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for 
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes 

 No 

 

The aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates as of August 31, 2017, computed by reference 
to the closing price of the registrant’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on that date, was $12,214,839,459.

On March 31, 2018, there were 178,676,159 outstanding shares of CarMax, Inc. common stock.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the CarMax, Inc. Notice of 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference 
in Part III of this Form 10-K.

2

 

Item 1.
Item 1A.
Item 1B.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.
 

Item 5.

Item 6.
Item 7.
Item 7A.
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A.
Item 9B.

Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.

Item 13.
Item 14.

Item 15.
Item 16.
 

CARMAX, INC.

FORM 10-K

FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2018 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

 

  Business
 Risk Factors
 Unresolved Staff Comments
  Properties
  Legal Proceedings
  Mine Safety Disclosures
  Executive Officers of the Company

 

PART I

PART II

Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
 
of Equity Securities
  Selected Financial Data
  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
  Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
 Controls and Procedures
 Other Information

PART III

  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
  Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
 
Matters
  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
  Principal Accountant Fees and Services

  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Form 10-K Summary
 Signatures

PART IV

3

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 

 

Page 
No.

5
10
15
16
17
17
17

19
21
22
38
39
75
75
75

75
76

76
76
76

76
79
80

PART I

In this document, “we,” “our,” “us,” “CarMax” and “the company” refer to CarMax, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless 
the context requires otherwise.

FORWARD-LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K and, in particular, the description of our business set forth in Item 1 and our Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in Item 7 contain forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), including statements regarding:

•  Our projected future sales growth, comparable store sales growth, margins, tax rates, earnings, CarMax Auto Finance income 

and earnings per share. 

•  Our expectations of factors that could affect CarMax Auto Finance income. 

•  Our expected future expenditures, cash needs, and financing sources. 

•  Our expected capital structure, stock repurchases and indebtedness.

•  The projected number, timing and cost of new store openings. 

•  Our gross profit margin, inventory levels and ability to leverage selling, general and administrative and other fixed costs. 

•  Our sales and marketing plans. 

•  The capabilities of our proprietary information technology systems and other systems. 

•  Our assessment of the potential outcome and financial impact of litigation and the potential impact of unasserted claims. 

•  Our assessment of competitors and potential competitors.

•  Our expectations for growth in our markets and in the used vehicle retail sector. 

•  Our assessment of the effect of recent legislation and accounting pronouncements.

 

In addition, any statements contained in or incorporated by reference into this report that are not statements of historical fact should 
be  considered  forward-looking  statements.  You  can  identify  these  forward-looking  statements  by  the  use  of  words  such  as 
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “outlook,” “plan,” “predict,” “should,” “will” and other 
similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative.  We cannot guarantee that we will achieve the plans, intentions or 
expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements.  There are a number of important risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those indicated by our forward-looking statements.  These risks and uncertainties include, 
without limitation, those set forth in Item 1A under the heading “Risk Factors.”  We caution investors not to place undue reliance 
on any forward-looking statements as these statements speak only as of the date when made.  We disclaim any intent or obligation 
to update any forward-looking statements made in this report.

4

Item 1.  Business.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

CarMax Background
CarMax, Inc. delivers an unrivaled customer experience by offering a broad selection of quality used vehicles and related products 
and services at low, no-haggle prices using a customer-friendly sales process in an attractive, modern sales facility, as well as 
through carmax.com and our mobile apps.  By focusing on customer service, associate development and efficient execution, we 
are the nation’s largest retailer of used cars, selling 721,512 used vehicles at retail during the fiscal year ended February 28, 
2018.  In addition, we are one of the nation’s largest operators of wholesale vehicle auctions and one of the nation’s largest providers 
of used vehicle financing.

CarMax was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1996.  CarMax, Inc. is a holding company and our 
operations are conducted through our subsidiaries.  Under the ownership of Circuit City Stores, Inc. (“Circuit City”), we began 
operations in 1993 with the opening of our first CarMax store in Richmond, Virginia.  On October 1, 2002, the CarMax business 
was  separated  from  Circuit  City  through  a  tax-free  transaction,  becoming  an  independent,  publicly  traded  company.  As  of 
February 28, 2018, we operated 188 used car stores in 91 U.S. television markets.  Our home office is located at 12800 Tuckahoe 
Creek Parkway, Richmond, Virginia.

CarMax Business
We  operate in  two  reportable segments:  CarMax Sales  Operations and  CarMax Auto  Finance  (“CAF”).  Our  CarMax  Sales 
Operations segment consists of all aspects of our auto merchandising and service operations, excluding financing provided by 
CAF.  Our CAF segment consists solely of our own finance operation that provides financing to customers buying retail vehicles 
from CarMax.

CarMax Sales Operations.  Our CarMax Sales Operations segment sells used vehicles, purchases used vehicles from customers 
and other sources, sells related products and services, and arranges financing options for customers, all for fixed, no-haggle prices. 
We enable our customers to separately evaluate each component of the sales process based on comprehensive information about 
the terms and associated prices of each component. Customers can accept or decline any individual element of the offer without 
affecting the price or terms of any other component of the offer.

Purchasing a Vehicle: 
The vehicle purchase process in a CarMax store differs fundamentally from the traditional auto retail experience.  Our no-haggle 
pricing removes a frequent customer frustration with the purchase process and allows customers to shop for vehicles the same 
way they shop for items at other “big-box” retailers.  In addition, our sales consultants are generally paid commissions on a fixed 
dollars-per-unit standard, thereby earning the same commission regardless of the vehicle being sold, the amount a customer finances 
or the related interest rate. This pay structure aligns our sales associates’ interests with those of our customers, in contrast to other 
dealerships where sales and finance personnel may receive higher commissions for negotiating higher prices and interest rates, 
or steering customers to vehicles with higher gross profits.

We recondition every used vehicle we retail to meet our CarMax Quality Certified standards, and each vehicle must pass an 
inspection before being offered for sale.  We stand behind every used vehicle we sell with a 5-day, money-back guarantee and at 
least a 30-day limited warranty.  Our CarMax Quality Certified standards were developed internally by CarMax and are not 
affiliated with any third party or original equipment manufacturer program.

We maximize customer choice by offering a large selection of inventory on our lots and by making our nationwide inventory of 
approximately 70,000 vehicles as of February 28, 2018, available for viewing on carmax.com, as well as our mobile apps.  Upon 
request by a customer, we will transfer virtually any used vehicle in this inventory to a local store.  This allows a single CarMax 
store to offer access to a much larger selection of vehicles than any traditional auto retailer.  In fiscal 2018, approximately 30%
of our vehicles sold were transferred at customer request.

In addition to retailing used vehicles, we sell new vehicles at two locations under franchise agreements.

Selling us a Vehicle:
We have separated the practice of trading in a used vehicle in conjunction with the purchase of another vehicle into two distinct 
and independent transactions.  We will appraise a customer’s vehicle free of charge and make a written, guaranteed offer to buy 
that vehicle regardless of whether the owner is purchasing a vehicle from us.  This no-haggle offer is good for seven days. 

5

Based on age, mileage or condition, fewer than half of the vehicles acquired through our in-store appraisal process meet our retail 
standards.  Those  vehicles  that  do  not  meet  our  retail  standards  are  sold  to  licensed  dealers  through  our  on-site  wholesale 
auctions.  Unlike many other auto auctions, we own all the vehicles that we sell in our auctions, which allows us to maintain a 
high auction sales rate. This high sales rate, combined with dealer-friendly practices, makes our auctions an attractive source of 
vehicles for licensed dealers.    As of February 28, 2018, we conducted wholesale auctions at 73 of our 188 stores.  During fiscal 
2018, we sold 408,509 wholesale vehicles through these on-site auctions with an average auction sales rate of approximately 95%.

Financing a Vehicle: 
The availability of on-the-spot financing is a critical component of the vehicle purchase process, and having an array of finance 
sources increases approvals, expands finance opportunities for our customers and mitigates risk to CarMax.  Our finance program 
provides access to credit for customers across a wide range of the credit spectrum through both CAF and third-party providers.  We 
believe that our processes and systems, transparency of pricing, and vehicle quality, as well as the integrity of the information 
collected at the time the customer applies for credit, allow CAF and our third-party providers to make underwriting decisions in 
a unique and advantageous environment distinct from the traditional auto retail environment.  All finance offers, whether from 
CAF or our third-party providers, are backed by a 3-day payoff option, which allows customers to refinance their loan with another 
finance provider within three business days at no charge. 

Related Products and Services:    
We provide customers with a range of other related products and services, including extended protection plan (“EPP”) products 
and  vehicle  repair  service.  EPP  products  include extended  service  plans  (“ESPs”) and guaranteed  asset  protection  (“GAP”), 
which is designed to cover the unpaid balance on an auto loan in the event of a total loss of the vehicle or unrecovered theft.  Our 
ESP customers have access to vehicle repair service at each CarMax store and at thousands of independent and franchised service 
providers.  We believe that the broad scope of our ESPs helps promote customer satisfaction and loyalty, and thus increases the 
likelihood of repeat and referral business.  In fiscal 2018, approximately 60% of the customers who purchased a retail used vehicle 
also purchased an ESP and approximately 20% purchased GAP.

CarMax Auto Finance.  CAF provides financing solely to customers buying retail vehicles from CarMax.  CAF allows us to 
manage our reliance on third-party finance providers and to leverage knowledge of our business to provide qualifying customers 
a competitive financing option.  CAF utilizes proprietary scoring models based upon the credit history and other credit data of the 
customer along with CAF’s historical experience to predict the likelihood of customer repayment.  Because CAF offers financing 
solely through CarMax stores, our scoring models are optimized for the CarMax channel.  We believe CAF enables us to capture 
additional profits, cash flows and sales.  After the effect of 3-day payoffs and vehicle returns, CAF financed 43.1% of our retail 
used vehicle unit sales in fiscal 2018.

CAF also services all auto loans it originates and is responsible for providing billing statements, collecting payments, maintaining 
contact with delinquent customers, and arranging for the repossession of vehicles securing defaulted loans.  As of February 28, 
2018, CAF serviced approximately 895,000 customer accounts in its $11.62 billion portfolio of managed receivables.

Competition 
CarMax Sales Operations.  The U.S. used car marketplace is highly fragmented, and we face competition from franchised dealers, 
who sell both new and used vehicles; independent used car dealers; online and mobile sales platforms; and private parties.   According 
to industry sources, as of December 31, 2017, there were approximately 18,000 franchised dealers in the U.S., who we consider 
to be our primary retail competitors, as they sell the majority of late-model used vehicles.  Competition in our industry is increasingly 
affected by the use of web-based marketing and other web-based tools for both consumers and the dealers with whom we compete.

Based on industry data, there were approximately 40 million used cars sold in the U.S. in calendar 2017, of which approximately 
22 million were estimated to be 0- to 10-year old vehicles.  While we are the largest retailer of used vehicles in the U.S., in calendar 
2017, we estimate we sold approximately 4.6% of the age 0- to 10-year old vehicles sold in the television markets in which we 
operate, an increase of almost 7% over calendar 2016.  Our market share is generally the highest in markets in which we have 
been established for many years.  Entering new markets could have a dampening effect on our market share given that our initial 
market share in new markets is generally much lower than our average.  On a nationwide basis, we estimate we sold approximately 
3% of the age 0- to 10-year old vehicles sold in calendar year 2017.  

We believe that our principal competitive advantages in used vehicle retailing include our ability to provide a high degree of 
customer satisfaction with the car-buying experience by virtue of our low, no-haggle prices and our customer-friendly sales process; 
our breadth of selection of the most popular makes and models available on site and via carmax.com and our mobile apps; the 
quality of our vehicles; our proprietary information systems; the transparency and availability of CAF and third-party financing; 
the  locations  of  our  retail  stores;  and  our  commitment  to  evolving  our  car-buying  experience  to  meet  customers’  changing 
expectations.  In addition, we believe our willingness to appraise and purchase a customer’s vehicle, whether or not the customer 

6

is buying a car from us, provides a competitive sourcing advantage for retail vehicles.  Our high volume of appraisal purchases 
supplies not only a large portion of our retail inventory, but also provides the scale that enables us to conduct our own wholesale 
auctions to dispose of vehicles that do not meet our retail standards.

Our wholesale auctions compete with other automotive auction houses.  In contrast to the highly fragmented used vehicle retail 
market, the automotive auction market has two primary competitors: Manheim, a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises, and KAR Auction 
Services, Inc., which together represent an estimated 70% of the North American wholesale car auction market.  These competitors 
auction vehicles of all ages, while CarMax’s auctions predominantly sell older, higher mileage vehicles.   

CarMax Auto  Finance.   CAF  operates  and  is  a  significant  participant  in  the  auto  finance  sector  of  the  consumer  finance 
market.  This sector is primarily comprised of banks, captive finance divisions of new car manufacturers, credit unions and 
independent  finance  companies.  According  to  industry  sources,  this  sector  represented  more  than  $1  trillion  in  outstanding 
receivables as of December 31, 2017.  CAF’s primary competitors are banks and credit unions that offer direct financing to 
customers purchasing used cars.  

We believe that CAF’s principal competitive advantage is its strategic position as the primary finance source in CarMax stores 
and that CAF’s primary driver for growth is the growth in CarMax’s retail used unit sales.  We periodically test different credit 
offers and closely monitor acceptance rates and the effect on sales to assess market competitiveness.  We also monitor 3-day 
payoffs, as the percentage of customers exercising this option can be an indication of the competitiveness of our offer.

Products and Services
Retail Merchandising.  We offer customers a broad selection of makes and models of used vehicles, including domestic, imported 
and luxury vehicles, at competitive prices.  Our focus is vehicles that are 0 to 10 years old; these vehicles generally range in price 
from $11,000 to $35,000.  The mix of our used vehicle inventory by make, model and age will vary from time to time, depending 
on consumer preferences, seasonality and market availability.

Wholesale Auctions.  The typical vehicle sold at our wholesale auctions is approximately 10 years old and has more than 100,000 
miles.  We provide condition disclosures on each vehicle, including those for vehicles with major mechanical issues, possible 
frame or flood damage, branded titles, salvage history and unknown true mileage.  Professional, licensed auctioneers conduct our 
auctions.  Dealers pay a fee to us based on the sales price of the vehicles they purchase.  Our auctions are generally held on a 
weekly or bi-weekly basis. 

Extended Protection Plans.  At the time of sale, we offer customers EPP products.  We receive revenue for selling these plans on 
behalf of unrelated third parties, who are the primary obligors.  We have no contractual liability to customers for claims under 
these agreements.  The ESPs we currently offer on all used retail vehicles provide coverage up to 60 months (subject to mileage 
limitations).  GAP covers the customer for the term of their finance contract.  The EPPs that we sell (other than manufacturer 
programs on new car sales) have been designed to our specifications and are administered by the third parties through private-
label  arrangements.   Periodically,  we  may  receive  retrospective  commissions  based  upon  the  performance  of  the  policies 
administered by the third parties. 

 

Reconditioning and Service.  An integral part of our used car consumer offer is the reconditioning process designed to make sure 
every car meets our internal standards before it can become a CarMax Quality Certified vehicle.  This process includes an inspection 
of the engine and all major systems.  Based on this inspection, we determine the reconditioning necessary to bring the vehicle up 
to our internal quality standards.  Many of our stores depend upon nearby, typically larger, CarMax stores for reconditioning, 
which increases efficiency and reduces overhead.  We perform most routine mechanical and minor body repairs in-house; however, 
for some reconditioning services, including but not limited to services related to manufacturer’s warranties, we engage third parties 
specializing in those services.  CarMax does not have manufacturer authorization to complete recall-related repairs, and some 
vehicles CarMax sells may have unrepaired safety recalls.  However, we review any unrepaired safety recall information, as 
reported by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, with our used vehicle customers before purchase.

In addition, all CarMax used car stores provide vehicle repair service, including repairs of vehicles covered by the ESPs we sell. 

Customer Credit.  We offer financing alternatives for retail customers across a wide range of the credit spectrum through CAF 
and  arrangements  with  several  financial  institutions.  Vehicles  are  financed  using  retail  installment  contracts  secured  by  the 
vehicle.  As of February 28, 2018, our third-party finance providers included Ally Financial, American Credit Acceptance, Capital 
One Auto Finance, Chase Auto Finance, Exeter Finance Corp., Santander Consumer USA, Wells Fargo Dealer Services and 
Westlake Financial Services.  We have no recourse liability for credit losses on retail installment contracts arranged and held by 
third-party providers, and we periodically test additional third-party providers. 

7

Generally, credit applications submitted by customers to CarMax are initially reviewed by CAF using our proprietary underwriting 
standards.  Based on that review, CAF makes financing offers designed to create a loan portfolio that meets our targeted risk profile 
in the aggregate.  Applications that CAF declines or approves with conditions are generally evaluated by other third-party finance 
providers.  Third-party providers generally either pay us or are paid a fixed, pre-negotiated fee per contract.  We refer to the 
providers who generally pay us a fee or to whom no fee is paid as Tier 2 providers and we refer to providers to whom we pay a 
fee as Tier 3 providers.  We are willing to pay a fee to Tier 3 providers because we believe their participation provides us with 
incremental sales by enabling customers to secure financing that they may not otherwise be able to obtain.  All fees either received 
or paid are pre-negotiated at a fixed amount and do not vary based on the amount financed, the interest rate, the term of the loan 
or the loan-to-value ratio.  CAF also provides financing for a small percentage of customers who would typically be financed by 
a Tier 3 provider.

We do not offer financing to dealers purchasing vehicles at our wholesale auctions.  However, we have made arrangements to 
have third-party financing available to our auction customers.

Suppliers for Used Vehicles 
We acquire a significant percentage of our retail used vehicle inventory directly from consumers through our appraisal process, 
as well as through local, regional and online auctions. While in any individual period conditions may vary, over the past 10 fiscal 
years, 38% to 52% of our retail inventory has been acquired through our appraisal process annually.  We also, to a lesser extent, 
acquire used vehicle inventory from wholesalers, franchised and independent dealers and fleet owners, such as leasing companies 
and rental companies.  The used vehicle inventory we acquire directly from consumers through our appraisal process helps provide 
an inventory of makes and models that reflects consumer preferences in each market. 

The supply of late-model used vehicles is influenced by a variety of factors, including the total number of vehicles in operation; 
the volume of new vehicle sales, which in turn generate used car trade-ins; and the number of used vehicles sold or remarketed 
through  retail  channels,  wholesale  transactions  and  at  automotive  auctions.  According  to  industry  sources,  there  were 
approximately 270 million light vehicles in operation in the U.S. as of December 31, 2017.  During calendar year 2017, it is 
estimated that approximately 17 million new cars and 40 million used cars were sold at retail, many of which were accompanied 
by trade-ins, and approximately 20 million wholesale vehicles were sold at auctions and through other non-traditional channels.

Based on the large number of vehicles remarketed each year, consumer acceptance of our in-store appraisal process, our experience 
and success in acquiring vehicles from auctions and other sources, and the large size of the U.S. auction market relative to our 
needs, we believe that sources of used vehicles will continue to be sufficient to meet our current and future needs.

Seasonality
Historically, our business has been seasonal.  Our stores typically experience their strongest traffic and sales in the spring and 
summer quarters.  Sales are typically slowest in the fall quarter.  We typically experience an increase in traffic and sales in February 
and March, coinciding with federal income tax refund season.

Systems
Our business is supported by proprietary digital and mobile technologies that provide enhanced customer experience while enabling 
highly integrated automation of all operating functions, including credit processing and supply chain management.  Buyers and 
sales consultants are equipped with mobile and centralized tools that allow them to access real-time information to better serve 
our customers.  Our proprietary store technology provides our management with real-time information about many aspects of 
store operations, such as inventory management, pricing, vehicle transfers, wholesale auctions and sales consultant productivity.

Our proprietary centralized inventory management and pricing system tracks each vehicle throughout the sales process and allows 
us to buy the mix of makes, models, age, mileage and price points tailored to customer buying preferences at each CarMax 
location.  Leveraging our more than twenty years of experience buying and selling millions of used vehicles, our system generates 
recommended initial retail price points, as well as retail price markdowns for specific vehicles based on algorithms that take into 
account factors that include sales history, consumer interest and seasonal patterns.  We believe this systematic approach to vehicle 
pricing allows us to optimize inventory turns, which reduces the depreciation risk inherent in used cars and helps us to achieve 
our targeted gross profit dollars per unit.  Because of the pricing discipline afforded by our inventory management and pricing 
system, generally more than 99% of our entire used car inventory offered at retail is sold at retail.

Marketing and Advertising
Our marketing strategies are focused on developing awareness of the advantages of shopping at our stores and on carmax.com 
and on attracting customers who are already considering buying or selling a vehicle.  These strategies are implemented through 
a broad range of media types.  Our website and related mobile apps are marketing tools for communicating the CarMax consumer 
offer in detail, sophisticated search engines for finding the right vehicle and sales channels for customers who prefer to conduct 

8

part of the shopping and sales process online.  Our website and mobile apps also include a variety of other customer service 
features, including the ability to initiate vehicle transfers, schedule appointments and apply for financing pre-approval.  Information 
on the thousands of cars available in our nationwide inventory is updated several times per day.  Our survey data indicates that 
during fiscal 2018, approximately 90% of customers who purchased a vehicle from us had first visited us online.

Associates
On February 28, 2018, we had a total of 25,110 full- and part-time associates, including 18,637 hourly and salaried associates and 
6,473 sales associates, who predominantly worked on a commission basis.  We employ additional associates during peak selling 
seasons.  We believe we have created a unique corporate culture and maintain good employee relations.  No associate is subject 
to a collective bargaining agreement.  We focus on developing our associates and providing them with the information and resources 
they need to offer exceptional customer service and have been recognized for the success of our efforts by a number of external 
organizations.

Intellectual Property
Our brand image is a critical element of our business strategy.  Our principal trademarks, including CarMax and the related family 
of marks, have been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

Laws and Regulations
Vehicle Dealer and Other Laws and Regulations.  We operate in a highly regulated industry.  In every state in which we operate, 
we must obtain licenses and permits to conduct business, including dealer, service, sales and finance licenses issued by state and 
local regulatory authorities.  A wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the manner in which we conduct 
business, including advertising, sales, financing and employment practices.  These laws include consumer protection laws and 
privacy laws, as well as other laws and regulations applicable to new and used motor vehicle dealers.  These laws also include 
federal and state wage-hour, anti-discrimination and other employment practices laws.  Our financing activities with customers 
are subject to federal truth-in-lending, consumer leasing, equal credit opportunity and fair credit reporting laws and regulations, 
as well as state and local motor vehicle finance, collection, repossession and installment finance laws.  Our activities are subject 
to enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission and other federal and state regulators, and our financing activities are also subject 
to enforcement by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”).

 

The CFPB has supervisory authority over large nonbank auto finance companies, including CarMax’s CAF segment.  The CFPB 
can use this authority to conduct supervisory examinations to ensure compliance with various federal consumer protection laws. 

Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by individuals or governmental authorities 
and could expose us to significant damages or other penalties, including revocation or suspension of the licenses necessary to 
conduct business and fines.

Environmental Laws and Regulations.  We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations that pertain to 
the environment.  Our business involves the use, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, including motor oil, 
gasoline, solvents, lubricants, paints and other substances.  We are subject to compliance with regulations concerning, among other 
things, the operation of underground and above-ground gasoline storage tanks, gasoline dispensing equipment, above-ground oil 
tanks and automotive paint booths.

Financial Information
For financial information on our segments, see Item 6. Selected Financial Data, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS AND OTHER INFORMATION

The following items are available free of charge on our website through the “Corporate Governance” link on our investor information 
home page at investors.carmax.com, shortly after we file them with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “SEC”): annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements on 
Schedule 14A, and any amendments to those reports.  The following documents are also available free of charge on our website: 
Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct, and the charters of the Audit, Nominating and Governance, and 
Compensation and Personnel Committees.  We publish any changes to these documents on our website.  We also promptly disclose 
reportable waivers of the Code of Business Conduct on our website.  The contents of our website are not, however, part of this 
report.

9

Printed copies of these documents are also available to any shareholder, without charge, upon written request to our corporate 
secretary at the address set forth on the cover page of this report.

Item 1A.  Risk Factors.

We are subject to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are described below.  Our business, sales, results of operations 
and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.

We operate in a highly competitive industry.  Failure to develop and execute strategies to remain the nation’s preferred retailer 
of used vehicles and to adapt to the increasing use of the internet to market, buy, sell and finance used vehicles could adversely 
affect our business, sales and results of operations.

Automotive retailing is a highly competitive and highly fragmented business.  Our competition includes publicly and privately 
owned new and used car dealers and online and mobile sales platforms, as well as millions of private individuals.   Competitors 
buy and sell the same or similar makes of vehicles that we offer in the same or similar markets at competitive prices.  New car 
dealers in particular, including publicly traded auto retailers, have increased their sales of used vehicles in recent years.  These 
new car dealers also leverage their franchise relationships with automotive manufacturers to brand certain used cars as “certified 
pre-owned,” which could provide those competitors with an advantage over CarMax.   

 

Retail Competition.  Some of our competitors have announced plans for rapid expansion, including into markets with CarMax 
locations, and some of them have begun to execute those plans.  Some of our competitors have also replicated or attempted to 
replicate portions of the consumer offer that we pioneered when we opened our first used car store in 1993, including our use of 
low, no-haggle prices and our commitment to buy a customer’s vehicle even if they do not purchase one from us.  If we fail to 
respond effectively to our retail competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 

Online Sales and Facilitation.  The increasing use of the internet to market, buy and sell used vehicles and to provide vehicle 
financing could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.  Emerging competitors using online focused 
business models, both for direct sales and consumer-to-consumer facilitation, could materially impact our current business model.  
The online availability of used vehicle information, including pricing information, could make it more difficult for us to differentiate 
our customer offering from competitors’ offerings, could result in lower-than-expected retail margins, and could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. In addition, our competitive standing is affected by companies, 
including search engines and online classified sites, that are not direct competitors but that may direct online traffic to the websites 
of competing automotive retailers.  The increasing activities of these companies could make it more difficult for carmax.com to 
attract traffic.  These companies could also make it more difficult for CarMax to otherwise market its vehicles online.

The increasing use of the internet to facilitate consumers’ sales or trade-ins of their current vehicles could have a material adverse 
effect on our ability to source vehicles through our appraisal process, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our 
vehicle acquisition costs and results of operations.  For example, certain websites provide online appraisal tools to consumers that 
generate offers and facilitate purchases by dealers other than CarMax. 

In addition to the direct competition and increasing use of the internet described above, there are companies that sell software and 
data solutions to new and used car dealers to enable those dealers to, among other things, more efficiently source and price 
inventory.  Although these companies do not compete with CarMax, the increasing use of such products by dealers who compete 
with CarMax could reduce the relative competitive advantage of CarMax’s internally developed proprietary systems.

If we fail to respond effectively to competitive pressures or to changes in the used vehicle marketplace, it could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

CAF Competition.  Our CAF segment is subject to competition from various financial institutions, including banks and credit 
unions, which provide vehicle financing to consumers.  If we were unable to continue providing competitive finance offers to our 
customers through CAF, it could result in a greater percentage of sales financed through our third-party finance providers, which 
are generally less profitable to CarMax, or through other outside financing sources.  Moreover, if CAF competitors are able to 
attract potential customers before they visit CarMax, whether through competitive finance offers or ease of customer experience, 
they may be directed to retail options other than CarMax.  Accordingly, if CAF was unable to continue making competitive finance 
offers to our customers, or our finance competitors are able to successfully attract and redirect a disproportionate number of our 
potential customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

Evolving Marketplace.  The marketplace for used vehicles may be impacted by the significant, and likely accelerating, changes 
to the broader automotive industry.  Technological changes, including the development of autonomous vehicles, new products 

10

and services, new business models and new methods of travel could reduce automotive retail demand or disrupt our current business 
model.  If we fail to respond effectively to the evolving marketplace, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales 
and results of operations.

CarMax was founded on the fundamental principle of integrity.  Failure to maintain a reputation of integrity and to otherwise 
maintain and enhance our brand could adversely affect our business, sales and results of operations.

Our reputation as a company that is founded on the fundamental principle of integrity is critical to our success. Our reputation as 
a retailer offering low, no-haggle prices, a broad selection of CarMax Quality Certified used vehicles and superior customer service 
is also critical to our success.  If we fail to maintain the high standards on which our reputation is built, or if an event occurs that 
damages this reputation, it could adversely affect consumer demand and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and 
results of operations.  Such an event could include an isolated incident at a single store, particularly if such incident results in 
adverse publicity, governmental investigations, or litigation and could involve, among other things, our sales process, our provision 
of financing, our reconditioning process, or our treatment of customers.  Even the perception of a decrease in the quality of our 
brand could impact results. 

The use of social media increases the speed with which information and opinions can be shared and thus the speed with which 
reputation can be affected.  We monitor social media and attempt to address customer concerns, provide accurate information and 
protect our reputation, but there can be no guarantee that our efforts will succeed.  If we fail to correct or mitigate misinformation 
or negative information, including information spread through social media or traditional media channels, about the vehicles we 
offer, our customer experience, or any aspect of our brand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results 
of operations.

The automotive retail industry in general and our business in particular are sensitive to economic conditions.  These conditions 
could adversely affect our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to national and regional U.S. economic conditions.  These conditions include, but are not limited to, recession, 
inflation,  interest  rates,  unemployment  levels,  the  state  of  the  housing  market,  gasoline  prices,  consumer  credit  availability, 
consumer credit delinquency and loss rates, personal discretionary spending levels, and consumer sentiment about the economy 
in general. These conditions and the economy in general could be affected by significant national or international events such as 
acts of terrorism.  When these economic conditions worsen or stagnate, it can have a material adverse effect on consumer demand 
for vehicles generally, on demand from particular consumer categories or demand for particular vehicle types.  It can also negatively 
impact availability of credit to finance vehicle purchases for all or certain categories of consumers.  This could result in lower 
sales, decreased margins on units sold, and decreased profits for our CAF segment. Worsening or stagnating economic conditions 
can also have a material adverse effect on the supply of late-model used vehicles, as automotive manufacturers produce fewer 
new vehicles and consumers retain their current vehicles for longer periods of time. This could result in increased costs to acquire 
used vehicle inventory and decreased margins on units sold.

Any significant change or deterioration in economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results 
of operations and financial condition.

Our business is dependent upon capital to fund growth and to support the activities of our CAF segment.  Changes in capital 
and credit markets could adversely affect our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition.

Changes in the availability or cost of capital and working capital financing, including the long-term financing to support the 
expansion  of  our  store  base  and  sales  growth  in  existing  stores,  could  adversely  affect  sales,  operating  strategies  and  store 
growth.  Although, in recent years, internally generated cash flows have been sufficient to fund our growth, there can be no 
assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows sufficient to fund our growth.  Failure to do so—or our decision to put our 
cash to other uses—would make us more dependent on external sources of financing to fund our growth.

Changes in the availability or cost of the long-term financing to support the origination of auto loan receivables through CAF 
could adversely affect sales and results of operations.  We use a securitization program to fund the majority of the auto loan 
receivables originated by CAF.  Changes in the condition of the asset-backed securitization market could lead us to incur higher 
costs to access funds in this market or require us to seek alternative means to finance CAF’s loan originations.  In the event that 
this market ceased to exist and there were no immediate alternative funding sources available, we might be forced to curtail our 
lending practices for some period of time.  The impact of reducing or curtailing CAF’s loan originations could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

11

 

 

Our revolving credit facility, term loan, senior unsecured notes and certain securitization and sale-leaseback agreements contain 
covenants and performance triggers.  Any failure to comply with these covenants or performance triggers could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facility.  If our 
ability to secure funds from the facility were significantly impaired, our access to working capital would be impacted, our ability 
to maintain appropriate inventory levels could be affected and these conditions—especially if coupled with a failure to generate 
significant cash flows—could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition.

Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our more than 25,000 associates.

 

 

Our associates are the driving force behind our success.  We believe that one of the things that sets CarMax apart is a culture 
centered on valuing all associates.  In addition, our strategic initiatives require management, employees and contractors to adapt 
and learn new skills and capabilities.  Our failure to maintain this culture or to continue recruiting, developing and retaining the 
associates that drive our success could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.  Our ability 
to recruit associates while controlling related costs is subject to numerous external and internal factors, including unemployment 
levels, prevailing wage rates, our growth plans, changes in employment legislation, and competition for qualified employees in 
the industry and regions in which we operate, and for qualified service technicians in particular.  Our ability to recruit associates 
while controlling related costs is also subject to our ability to maintain positive associate relations.  If we are unable to do so, or 
if, despite our efforts, we become subject to successful unionization efforts, it could increase costs, limit our ability to respond to 
competitive threats and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

Our success also depends upon the continued contributions of our store, region and corporate management teams.  Consequently, 
the loss of the services of any of these associates could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of 
operations.  In addition, an inability to build our management bench strength to support store growth could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

We collect sensitive confidential information from our customers.  A breach of this confidentiality, whether due to a cyber-
security or other incident, could result in harm to our customers and damage to our brand.

We collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer information in the normal course of business and may share 
that  information  with  our  third-party  service  providers.  This  information  includes  the  information  customers  provide  when 
purchasing a vehicle and applying for vehicle financing.  We also collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential associate 
information in the normal course of business and may share that information with our third-party service providers.  Although we 
have taken measures designed to safeguard such information and have received assurances from our third-party providers, our 
facilities and systems, and those of third-party providers, could be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of 
vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events.  Numerous national 
retailers have disclosed security breaches involving sophisticated cyber-attacks that were not recognized or detected until after 
such retailers had been affected, notwithstanding the preventive measures such retailers had in place.  Any security breach involving 
the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer or associate information, whether experienced 
by us or by our third-party service providers, and whether due to an external cyber-security incident, a programming error, or other 
cause, could damage our reputation, expose us to mitigation costs and the risks of private litigation and government enforcement, 
disrupt our business and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.  In addition, our 
failure to respond quickly and appropriately to such a security breach could exacerbate the consequences of the breach.

Our business is sensitive to changes in the prices of new and used vehicles.

Any significant changes in retail prices for new and used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of 
operations.  For example, if retail prices for used vehicles rise relative to retail prices for new vehicles, it could make buying a 
new vehicle more attractive to our customers than buying a used vehicle, which could have a material adverse effect on sales and 
results of operations and could result in decreased used margins.  Manufacturer incentives could contribute to narrowing this price 
gap.  In addition, any significant changes in wholesale prices for used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our results 
of operations by reducing wholesale margins.

We may experience greater credit losses in CAF’s portfolio of auto loan receivables than anticipated.

We are exposed to the risk that our customers who finance their purchases through CAF will be unable or unwilling to repay their 
loans according to their terms and that the vehicle collateral securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to ensure 
full repayment.  Credit losses are inherent in CAF’s business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

12

We make various assumptions and judgments about CAF’s portfolio of auto loan receivables and provide an allowance for loan 
losses based on a number of factors.  Although management will establish an allowance for loan losses it believes is appropriate, 
this allowance may not be adequate.  For example, if economic conditions were to deteriorate unexpectedly, additional loan losses 
not incorporated in the existing allowance for loan losses may occur.  Losses in excess of the existing allowance for loan losses 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our business is dependent upon access to vehicle inventory.  Obstacles to acquiring inventory—whether because of supply, 
competition, or other factors—or a failure to expeditiously liquidate that inventory could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, sales and results of operations.

A reduction in the availability of or access to sources of inventory could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and 
results of operations.  Although the supply of late-model used vehicles has been increasing, there can be no assurance that this 
trend will continue or that it will benefit CarMax.

We source a significant percentage of our vehicles though our appraisal process and these vehicles are generally more profitable 
for CarMax.  Accordingly, if we fail to adjust appraisal offers to stay in line with broader market trade-in offer trends, or fail to 
recognize those trends, it could adversely affect our ability to acquire inventory.  It could also force us to purchase a greater 
percentage of our inventory from third-party auctions, which is generally less profitable for CarMax.  Our ability to source vehicles 
through our appraisal process could also be affected by competition, both from new and used car dealers directly and through 
third-party websites driving appraisal traffic to those dealers.  See the risk factor above titled “We operate in a highly competitive
industry” for discussion of this risk.  Our ability to source vehicles from third-party auctions could be affected by an increase in 
the number of closed auctions that are open only to new car dealers who have franchise relationships with automotive manufacturers.

Used vehicle inventory is subject to depreciation risk.  Accordingly, if we develop excess inventory, the inability to liquidate such 
inventory at prices that allow us to meet margin targets or to recover our costs could have a material adverse effect on our results 
of operations.     

We rely on third-party finance providers to finance a significant portion of our customers’ vehicle purchases.  Accordingly, 
our sales and results of operations are partially dependent on the actions of these third parties.

We provide financing to qualified customers through CAF and a number of third-party finance providers.  If one or more of these 
third-party providers cease to provide financing to our customers, provide financing to fewer customers or no longer provide 
financing on competitive terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.  Additionally, 
if we were unable to replace the current third-party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could 
also have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

We rely on third-party providers to supply EPP products to our customers. Accordingly, our sales and results of operations are 
partially dependent on the actions of these third-parties.

We receive revenue for selling EPP products on behalf of unrelated third-parties, who are the primary obligors. The third parties 
that provide ESPs are The Warranty Group, CNA National Warranty Corporation and Fidelity Warranty Services. The third party 
that provides GAP products is Safe-Guard Products International LLC. If one or more of these third-party providers cease to 
provide EPP products, make changes to their products or no longer provide their products on competitive terms, it could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Additionally, if we were unable to replace the current third-
party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could also have a material adverse effect on our 
business, sales and results of operations.

We  operate  in  a  highly  regulated  industry  and  are  subject  to  a  wide  range  of  federal,  state  and  local  laws  and 
regulations.  Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply, could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, sales, results of operations and financial condition.
 
We are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations.  Our sale of used vehicles is subject to state and 
local licensing requirements, federal and state laws regulating vehicle advertising, and state laws regulating vehicle sales and 
service.  Our provision of vehicle financing is subject to federal and state laws regulating the provision of consumer finance.  Our 
facilities and business operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health and safety.  In 
addition to these laws and regulations that apply specifically to our business, we are also subject to laws and regulations affecting 
public companies and large employers generally, including federal employment practices, securities and tax laws.  For additional 
discussion of these laws and regulations, see the section of this Form 10-K titled “Business – Laws and Regulations.”

13

The violation of any of these laws or regulations could result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties or in a cease-and-desist 
order against our business operations, any of which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, 
sales and results of operations.  We have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenses and other costs to 
comply with these laws and regulations. 

Changes in federal labor policy could lead to increased unionization efforts, which could increase labor costs, disrupt store 
operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

Private plaintiffs and federal, state and local regulatory and law enforcement authorities continue to scrutinize advertising, sales, 
financing and insurance activities in the sale and leasing of motor vehicles.  If, as a result, other automotive retailers adopt more 
transparent, consumer-oriented business practices, our differentiation versus those retailers could be reduced.  See the risk factor 
titled “We operate in a highly competitive industry” for discussion of this risk.

Our failure to manage our growth and the related challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and 
results of operations.

Our growth is dependent both on opening stores in new and existing markets and continued sales growth in our existing stores.  
The expansion of our store base places significant demands on our management team, our associates and our information systems.  If 
we fail to effectively or efficiently manage our new store growth, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales 
and results of operations.  Sales growth in our existing stores requires that we continue to effectively execute our business strategies 
and implement new and ongoing initiatives to elevate the experience of our customers.  The expansion of our store base and 
implementation of new initiatives also requires us to recruit and retain the associates necessary to support that expansion.  See the 
risk factor above titled “Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our more than 25,000 associates” for discussion 
of this risk.  The expansion of our store base also requires real estate.  Our inability to acquire or lease suitable real estate at 
favorable terms could limit our expansion and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

If we are forced to curtail or stop new store growth or the implementation of our customer experience initiatives, it could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

We rely on sophisticated information systems to run our business.  The failure of these systems, or the inability to enhance our 
capabilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

Our business is dependent upon the integrity and efficient operation of our information systems.  In particular, we rely on our 
information systems to manage sales, inventory, our customer-facing websites and applications (carmax.com, CarMax mobile 
apps,  and  carmaxauctions.com),  consumer  financing  and  customer  information.  The  failure  of  these  systems  to  perform  as 
designed, the failure to maintain or update these systems as necessary, or the inability to enhance our information technology 
capabilities, could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 

In addition, despite our ongoing efforts to maintain and enhance the integrity and security of these systems, we could be subjected 
to attacks by hackers, including denial-of-service attacks directed at our websites or other system breaches or malfunctions due 
to associate error or misconduct or other disruptions.  Such incidents could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect 
on sales and results of operations.  See the risk factor above titled “We collect sensitive confidential information from our customers” 
for the risks associated with a breach of confidential customer or associate information.

We are subject to various legal proceedings.  If the outcomes of these proceedings are adverse to CarMax, it could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to various litigation matters from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results 
of operations and financial condition.  Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by 
individuals,  either  individually  or  through  class  actions,  or  by  governmental  entities  in  civil  or  criminal  investigations  and 
proceedings.  These claims could be asserted under a variety of laws including, but not limited to, consumer finance laws, consumer 
protection  laws,  intellectual  property  laws,  privacy  laws,  labor  and  employment  laws,  securities  laws  and  employee  benefit 
laws.  These actions could expose us to adverse publicity and to substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive 
relief and criminal and civil fines and penalties including, but not limited to, suspension or revocation of licenses to conduct 
business.

14

Our business is sensitive to conditions affecting automotive manufacturers, including manufacturer recalls.

Adverse conditions affecting one or more automotive manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results 
of operations and could impact the supply of vehicles, including the supply of late-model used vehicles.  In addition, manufacturer 
recalls are a common occurrence that have accelerated in frequency and scope in recent years.  Because we do not have manufacturer 
authorization to complete recall-related repairs, some vehicles we sell may have unrepaired safety recalls.  Such recalls, and our 
lack of authorization to make recall-related repairs, could adversely affect used vehicle sales or valuations, could cause us to 
temporarily remove vehicles from inventory, could force us to incur increased costs and could expose us to litigation and adverse 
publicity related to the sale of recalled vehicles, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of 
operations.

Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to management’s accounting judgments and estimates, as well 
as changes in accounting policies.

The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of 
CarMax’s assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and earnings. If these estimates or assumptions are incorrect, it could have a 
material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We have identified several accounting policies as being 
“critical” to the fair presentation of our financial condition and results of operations because they involve major aspects of our 
business and require us to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain.  These policies are described in Item 7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the notes to consolidated financial 
statements included in Item 8.

The implementation of new accounting requirements or other changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles could have 
a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition.

We rely on third-party vendors for key components of our business.

Many components of our business, including data management, key operational processes, and critical customer systems are 
provided by third parties.  We carefully select our third-party vendors, but we do not control their actions.  If our vendors fail to 
perform as we expect, our operations and reputation could suffer if the failure harms the vendors’ ability to serve us and our 
customers.  The use of third-party vendors represents an unavoidable inherent risk to our company that could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations.

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations.

We generally realize a higher proportion of revenue and operating profit during the first and second fiscal quarters.  If conditions 
arise that impair vehicle sales during the first or second fiscal quarters, these conditions could have a disproportionately large 
adverse effect on our annual results of operations.

Our business is sensitive to weather events.

The occurrence of severe weather events, such as rain, hail, snow, wind, storms, hurricanes, extended periods of unusually cold 
weather or natural disasters, could cause store closures or affect the timing of consumer demand, either of which could adversely 
affect consumer traffic and could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations in a given period.

We are subject to local conditions in the geographic areas in which we are concentrated.

Our  performance  is  subject  to  local  economic,  competitive  and  other  conditions  prevailing  in  geographic  areas  where  we 
operate.  Since a large portion of our sales is generated in the Southeastern U.S., California, Texas and Washington, D.C./Baltimore, 
our results of operations depend substantially on general economic conditions and consumer spending habits in these markets.  In 
the event that any of these geographic areas experience a downturn in economic conditions, it could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, sales and results of operations.

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

15

Item 2.  Properties.

We conduct our retail vehicle operations primarily in two formats – production and non-production stores.  Production stores are 
those locations at which vehicle reconditioning is performed.  Production stores have more service bays and require additional 
space for reconditioning activities and, therefore, are generally larger than non-production stores.  In determining whether to 
construct a production or a non-production store on a given site, we take several factors into account, including the anticipated 
long-term regional reconditioning needs and the available acreage of the sites in that market.  As a result, some stores that are 
constructed to accommodate reconditioning activities may initially be operated as non-production stores until we expand our 
presence in that market.  We also have production and non-production stores that operate in Metropolitan Statistical Areas (“MSAs”) 
of less than 600,000 people, which we define as small markets.  Some of these stores also have a smaller footprint compared with 
our stores in larger markets.

USED CAR STORES BY FORMAT AS OF FEBRUARY 28, 2018 

Store count
Store location size
Stores located in small MSAs

Production Stores

Non-production Stores

94

94

generally 10 - 25 acres

generally 4 - 12 acres

9

27

As of February 28, 2018, we operated 73 wholesale auctions, most of which were located at production stores.  Stores at which 
auctions are conducted generally have additional space to store wholesale inventory.  

USED CAR STORES BY STATE AS OF FEBRUARY 28, 2018 

State
Alabama
Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi

Count

State

Count

4 Missouri
3 Nebraska
25 Nevada
6 New Hampshire
3 New Jersey
1 New Mexico
17 New York
9 North Carolina
1 Ohio
9 Oklahoma
2 Oregon
Pennsylvania
1
Rhode Island
2
South Carolina
2
Tennessee
1
1
Texas
7 Utah
4 Virginia
1 Washington
2 Wisconsin
2

Total

16

3
1
4
1
2
1
2
9
5
2
2
4
1
4
8
17
1
10
4
4
188

Of the 188 used car stores open as of February 28, 2018, 111 were located on owned sites and 77 were located on leased sites. 
The leases are classified as follows:

Land-only leases
Land and building leases
Total leased sites

21
56
77

As of February 28, 2018, we leased our CAF office buildings in Atlanta, Georgia and other ancillary properties to support our 
corporate and store operations.  We own our home office building in Richmond, Virginia, and land associated with planned future 
store openings. 

Expansion
Since opening our first used car store in 1993, we have grown organically, through the construction and opening of company-
operated stores.  We do not franchise our operations.  As of February 28, 2018, we operated in 91 U.S. television markets, which 
covered approximately 73% of the U.S. population.  We believe that both further expansion of our store base and increases in 
market share will provide a foundation for future sales and earnings growth.  In fiscal 2019, we plan to open 15 stores.  In fiscal 
2020, we plan to open between 13 and 16 stores.  

For additional details on our future expansion plans, see “PLANNED FUTURE ACTIVITIES,” included in Part II, Item 7 of this 
Form 10-K.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings. 

Information in response to this Item is included in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.

None.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
 
The following table identifies our current executive officers.  We are not aware of any family relationships among any of our 
executive officers or between any of our executive officers and any directors.  All executive officers are elected annually and serve 
for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify.  The next election of officers will occur in June 2018.

Name
William D. Nash………………………..….……...........
Thomas W. Reedy……………………….…..….............
William C. Wood, Jr.……………….……..…….............
Edwin J. Hill……………………....……………............
James Lyski………………….……..……………..........
Eric M. Margolin………………….……..………..........
Diane L. Cafritz……………………....…………….......
Jon G. Daniels………………….……..…………...........
Shamim Mohammad………………….……..…...….....
Darren C. Newberry.........................................................
C. Joseph Wilson.............................................................

Age
48
54
51
58
55
65
47
46
49
48
45

Office
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Transformation
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Senior Vice President, Store Operations
Senior Vice President, Store Strategy and Logistics

 

Mr. Nash joined CarMax in 1997 as auction manager.  In 2007, he was promoted to vice president and later, senior vice president 
of merchandising, a position he held until 2011, when he was named senior vice president, human resources and administrative 
services.  In 2012, he was promoted to executive vice president, human resources and administrative services.  In February 2016, 
he was promoted to president, and in September 2016, he was promoted to chief executive officer and named to the board of 
directors.  Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Nash worked at Circuit City.

17

Mr. Reedy joined CarMax in 2003 as its vice president and treasurer and, in January 2010, was promoted to senior vice president, 
finance.  In October 2010, Mr. Reedy was promoted to senior vice president and chief financial officer.  In 2012, he was promoted 
to  executive  vice  president  and  chief  financial  officer.  Prior  to  joining  CarMax,  Mr.  Reedy  was  vice  president,  corporate 
development and treasurer of Gateway, Inc., a technology retail company.

Mr. Wood joined CarMax in 1993 as a buyer-in-training.  He has served as buyer, purchasing manager, district manager, regional 
director and director of buyer development.  He was promoted to vice president, merchandising in 1998, vice president of sales 
operations in 2007, senior vice president, sales in 2010, senior vice president, stores in 2011 and executive vice president, stores 
in 2012.  In 2016, he was promoted to executive vice president and chief operating officer.  Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Wood 
worked at Circuit City.  As previously announced, Mr. Wood intends to retire from his position by the end of Summer 2018.

Mr. Hill joined CarMax in 1995 as director of service operations.  In 2001, Mr. Hill was promoted to vice president of service 
operations, and, in 2010, he was promoted to senior vice president of service operations, a position he held until 2013, when he 
was promoted to senior vice president, strategy and business transformation.  In 2016, Mr. Hill was promoted to executive vice 
president, strategy and business transformation.  Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Hill was vice president of advanced programs at 
Reveo, Inc. and vice president of operations at Hypres.  As previously announced, Mr. Hill will succeed Mr. Wood as chief operating 
officer following Mr. Wood’s retirement.

Mr. Lyski joined CarMax in August 2014 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer.  In 2017, he was promoted to 
executive vice president and chief marketing officer.  Prior to joining CarMax, he served as chief marketing officer of The Scotts 
Miracle-Gro Company from 2011 to 2014 and as chief marketing officer at Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company from 2006 
to 2010.  In addition, Mr. Lyski has held marketing leadership positions at Cigna Healthcare Inc. and FedEx Corporation.

Mr. Margolin joined CarMax in 2007 as senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary.  In 2016, Mr. Margolin 
was promoted to executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary.  Prior to joining CarMax, he was senior vice 
president, general counsel and corporate secretary with Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and, before that, vice president, general counsel 
and corporate secretary with Tire Kingdom, Inc.

Ms. Cafritz joined CarMax in 2003 as assistant general counsel. She was promoted to associate general counsel, director in 2005, 
deputy general counsel, assistant vice president in 2010, and vice president in 2014.  During her tenure in the CarMax legal 
department, Ms. Cafritz managed commercial and consumer litigation, was responsible for operational regulatory guidance and 
led CarMax’s government affairs program.  In 2017, Ms. Cafritz was named senior vice president and chief human resources 
officer. Prior to joining CarMax, Ms. Cafritz was a partner at McDermott, Will & Emery.

Mr. Daniels joined CarMax in 2008 as vice president, risk and analytics.  In 2014, he was promoted to senior vice president, 
CarMax Auto Finance.  Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Daniels served as group director, credit risk management of HSBC and vice 
president of Metris.

Mr. Mohammad joined CarMax in 2012 as vice president of application development and IT planning. In 2014, he was promoted 
to senior vice president and chief information officer. Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Mohammad was vice president of information 
technology at BJ’s Wholesale Club from 2006 to 2012 and held various positions at Blockbuster and TravelCLICK.

Mr. Newberry joined CarMax in March 2004 as location general manager-in-training in the Los Angeles region and was promoted 
to location general manager of the Duarte, California store in 2006.  He was subsequently promoted to positions of increasing 
responsibility, including regional vice president general manager in 2013 and vice president, regional sales in 2016.  In 2017, he 
was promoted to senior vice president, store operations.  Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Newberry served as store manager and area 
manager for Bed, Bath and Beyond from 1994 to 2004.

Mr. Wilson joined CarMax in May 1995 as a buyer-in-training at the Raleigh, North Carolina store, where he was subsequently 
promoted to buyer and then senior buyer.  Mr. Wilson later served as purchasing manager at two CarMax stores in southern Florida 
before being promoted to regional vice president of merchandising.  He was promoted to assistant vice president, auction services 
and merchandising development in 2008, vice president, auction services and merchandising development in 2013, and then vice 
president, merchandising operations in 2016.  In 2017, Mr. Wilson was promoted to senior vice president, store strategy and 
logistics.

18

PART II

Item  5.  Market  for  the  Registrant’s  Common  Equity,  Related  Stockholder  Matters  and  Issuer  Purchases  of  Equity 
Securities.

Our common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol KMX.  We are authorized to 
issue up to 350,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock.  As of February 28, 2018, there 
were 179,747,894 shares of CarMax common stock outstanding and we had approximately 3,600 shareholders of record.  As of 
that date, there were no preferred shares outstanding.

The following table presents the quarterly high and low sales prices per share for our common stock for each quarter during the 
last two fiscal years, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange composite tape. 

 
Fiscal 2018

High
Low

Fiscal 2017

High
Low

1st Quarter

2nd Quarter

3rd Quarter

4th Quarter

 

 

66.44
54.29

55.99
46.09

$
$

$
$

 

 

67.47
58.34

60.53
45.06

$
$

$
$

 

 

77.64
66.63

60.81
47.50

$
$

$
$

 

 

72.88
59.70

69.11
57.76

$
$

$
$

We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable 
future. We anticipate that for the foreseeable future any cash flow generated from our operations will be used to fund our existing 
operations, capital expenditures and share repurchase program.

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we sold no CarMax equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table provides information relating to the company’s repurchase of common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 
2018.  The table does not include transactions related to employee equity awards or the exercise of employee stock options.

Period

December 1-31, 2017
January 1-31, 2018
February 1-28, 2018
Total

Total Number

of Shares
Purchased

656,072
521,407
743,500
1,920,979

Average
Price Paid
per Share
$
66.75
69.98
$
$
63.88
 

Total Number

of Shares Purchased
as Part of Publicly

Announced Programs

Approximate
Dollar Value
of Shares that
May Yet Be

Purchased Under
the Programs (1) 

656,072
521,407
743,500
1,920,979

$
$
$
 

1,100,824,006
1,064,334,301
1,016,837,733

 

(1)  On October 22, 2014, we announced that the board had authorized the repurchase of up to $2 billion of our common stock, expiring on 
December 31, 2016.  On June 28, 2016, we announced that the board had further authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $750 million
of our common stock.  At the same time, the board removed the expiration date of the outstanding repurchase authorizations.   Purchases 
may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions at management’s discretion and the timing and amount of repurchases 
are determined based on share price, market conditions, legal requirements and other factors.  Shares repurchased are deemed authorized 
but unissued shares of common stock. 

19

Performance Graph
The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus dividends, as applicable) on 
our common stock for the last five fiscal years with the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Retailing 
Index.  The graph assumes an original investment of $100 in CarMax common stock and in each index on February 28, 2013, and 
the reinvestment of all dividends, as applicable.

 
 
CarMax
S&P 500 Index
S&P 500 Retailing Index

2013
100.00
100.00
100.00

$
$
$

2014
126.09
125.37
134.34

$
$
$

As of February 28 or 29

2015
174.72
144.81
162.52

$
$
$

2016
120.44
135.85
174.30

$
$
$

2017
168.03
169.78
210.93

$
$
$

2018
161.21
198.81
296.58

$
$
$

 

20

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data. 

(Dollars and shares in millions, except per share or per unit data)
Income statement information

Used vehicle sales
Wholesale vehicle sales
Net sales and operating revenues
Gross profit
CarMax Auto Finance income
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Interest expense
Net earnings

Share and per share information

Weighted average diluted shares outstanding
Diluted net earnings per share

Balance sheet information
Auto loan receivables, net
Total assets
Total current liabilities
Total notes payable and other debt:

Non-recourse notes payable
Other

Unit sales information
Used vehicle units sold
Wholesale vehicle units sold

Per unit information

Used vehicle gross profit
Wholesale vehicle gross profit
SG&A per used unit

Percent changes in

Comparable store used vehicle unit sales
Total used vehicle unit sales
Wholesale vehicle unit sales

CarMax Auto Finance information

CAF total interest margin (1)

Other information

Used car stores
Associates

 
$

 

$
 
$

 

 

 
$

 

 

FY18

FY17

FY16

FY15

FY14

14,392.4
2,181.2
17,120.2
2,328.9
421.2
1,617.1
70.7
664.1

184.5
3.60

11,535.7
17,486.3
1,174.1

11,622.4
1,496.0

721,512
408,509

2,173
961
2,241

2.0%
7.5
4.3

5.7%

 
$

 

$
 
$

 

 

 
$

 

 

13,270.7
2,082.5
15,875.1
2,183.3
369.0
1,488.5
56.4
627.0

192.2
3.26

10,596.1
16,279.4
1,105.8

10,720.9
1,448.8

671,294
391,686

2,163
926
2,217

4.3%
8.3
(0.7)

5.8%

 
$

 

$
 
$

 

 

 
$

 

 

12,439.4
2,188.3
15,149.7
2,018.8
392.0
1,351.9
36.4
623.4

205.5
3.03

9,536.9
14,459.9
1,005.2

9,507.2
1,129.0

619,936
394,437

2,159
984
2,181

2.4%
6.5
4.9

6.1%

 
$ 11,674.5
2,049.1
14,268.7
1,887.5
367.3
1,257.7
24.5
597.4

 

 
$ 10,306.3
1,823.4
12,574.3
1,648.7
336.2
1,155.2
30.8
492.6

 

218.7
2.73

8,435.5
13,177.6
997.2

8,451.1
637.5

582,282
376,186

2,179
970
2,160

4.4%
10.5
9.8

6.5%

227.6
2.16

7,147.8
11,688.5
875.5

7,229.8
334.9

526,929
342,576

2,171
916
2,192

12.2%
17.7
5.5

6.9%

$
 
$

 

 

 
$

 

 

$
 
$

 

 

 
$

 

 

188
25,110

173
24,344

158
22,429

144
22,064

131
20,171

(1)   Represents CAF total interest margin (which reflects the spread between interest and fees charged to consumers and our funding costs) as 

a percentage of total average managed receivables.

21

Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is provided 
as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying 
notes  presented  in  Item  8.  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data.  Note  references  are  to  the  notes  to 
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8.  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current 
year’s presentation.  All references to net earnings per share are to diluted net earnings per share.  Amounts and percentages may 
not total due to rounding.

OVERVIEW

See Part I, Item 1 for a detailed description and discussion of the company’s business.
 
CarMax is the nation’s largest retailer of used vehicles.  We operate in two reportable segments:  CarMax Sales Operations and 
CarMax Auto Finance (“CAF”).  Our CarMax Sales Operations segment consists of all aspects of our auto merchandising and 
service operations, excluding financing provided by CAF.  Our CAF segment consists solely of our own finance operation that 
provides financing to customers buying retail vehicles from CarMax.

CarMax Sales Operations
Our sales operations segment consists of retail sales of used vehicles and related products and services, such as wholesale vehicle 
sales; the sale of extended protection plan (“EPP”) products, which include extended service plans (“ESPs”) and guaranteed asset 
protection (“GAP”); and vehicle repair service.  We offer low, no-haggle prices; a broad selection of CarMax Quality Certified 
used vehicles; value-added EPP products; and superior customer service.  Our website and related mobile apps are tools for 
communicating the CarMax consumer offer in detail; sophisticated search engines for finding the right vehicle; and sales channels 
for customers who prefer to conduct part of the shopping and sales process online.  

Our customers finance the majority of the retail vehicles purchased from us, and availability of on-the-spot financing is a critical 
component of the sales process.  We provide financing to qualified retail customers through CAF and our arrangements with 
industry-leading third-party finance providers.  All of the finance offers, whether by CAF or our third-party providers, are backed 
by a 3-day payoff option.

As of February 28, 2018, we operated 188 used car stores in 91 U.S. television markets.  As of that date, we also conducted 
wholesale auctions at 73 used car stores and we operated 2 new car franchises.  

CarMax Auto Finance
In addition to third-party finance providers, we provide vehicle financing through CAF, which offers financing solely to customers 
buying retail vehicles from CarMax.  CAF allows us to manage our reliance on third-party finance providers and to leverage 
knowledge of our business to provide qualifying customers a competitive financing option.  As a result, we believe CAF enables 
us to capture additional profits, cash flows and sales.  CAF income primarily reflects the interest and fee income generated by the 
auto loan receivables less the interest expense associated with the debt issued to fund these receivables, a provision for estimated 
loan losses and direct expenses.  CAF income does not include any allocation of indirect costs.  After the effect of 3-day payoffs 
and vehicle returns, CAF financed 43.1% of our retail used vehicle unit sales in fiscal 2018.  As of February 28, 2018, CAF serviced 
approximately 895,000 customer accounts in its $11.62 billion portfolio of managed receivables. 

Management regularly analyzes CAF’s operating results by assessing the competitiveness of our consumer offer, profitability, the 
performance of the auto loan receivables, including trends in credit losses and delinquencies, and CAF direct expenses. 

Revenues and Profitability
During fiscal 2018, net sales and operating revenues increased 7.8% and net earnings increased 5.9%.  The 10.4% increase in 
earnings per share reflected the increase in net earnings and the effect of our ongoing share repurchase program.  Net earnings 
was impacted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“2017 Tax Act”).  

Our primary source of revenue and net earnings is the retail sale of used vehicles.  During fiscal 2018, we sold 721,512 used cars, 
representing 84.1% of our net sales and operating revenues and 67.3% of our gross profit.  Used vehicle revenues grew 8.5% and 
used vehicle gross profits improved 8.0%, primarily due to a 7.5% increase in total used unit sales, which included a 2.0% increase 
in comparable store used units. 

Wholesale sales are also a significant contributor to our revenues and net earnings.  During fiscal 2018, we sold 408,509 wholesale 
vehicles, representing 12.7% of our net sales and operating revenues and 16.9% of our gross profit.  Wholesale vehicle revenues 

22

grew 4.7% and wholesale vehicle gross profits improved 8.2% due to the combination of a 4.3% increase in unit sales and a 3.8%
increase in wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit. 

During fiscal 2018, other sales and revenues, which include revenue earned on the sale of EPP products, net third-party finance 
fees, and service department and new car sales, represented 3.2% of our net sales and operating revenues and 15.8% of our gross 
profit.  Other sales and revenues increased 4.7% primarily reflecting improvements in EPP revenues, partially offset by a decline 
in net third-party finance fees.  Other gross profit remained consistent with the prior year, as decreases in service profits and net 
third-party finance fees were largely offset by the increase in EPP revenues.

Income from our CAF segment totaled $421.2 million in fiscal 2018, up 14.1% compared with fiscal 2017.  The increase in CAF 
income was primarily due to an increase in average managed receivables and a decline in the provision for loan losses, partially 
offset by a lower total interest margin percentage.

During fiscal 2018, selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses increased 8.6% to $1.62 billion, primarily reflecting 
the 9% increase in our store base since the beginning of fiscal 2018, as well as an increase in the accrual for corporate incentive 
pay and spending on strategic initiatives, partially offset by a decrease in share-based compensation.

The effective income tax rate was 37.6% in fiscal 2018 compared with 37.7% in fiscal 2017.  The current year’s effective tax rate 
was affected by an $11.9 million increase in tax expense as a result of the enactment of the 2017 Tax Act, including:

•  The $32.7 million increase in tax expense associated with the revaluation of our net deferred tax asset, which increased 

our effective tax rate by 3.1 percentage points.

•  The $20.8 million decrease in tax expense primarily resulting from the reduction in the federal statutory tax rate, effective 

January 1, 2018, which reduced our effective tax rate by 2.0 percentage points.

Liquidity
Our primary ongoing sources of liquidity include funds provided by operations, proceeds from non-recourse funding vehicles, and 
borrowings under our revolving credit facility or through other financing sources.  During fiscal 2018, net cash used in operations 
totaled $80.6 million.  This amount, combined with $902.2 million of net issuances of non-recourse notes payable, resulted in 
$821.6 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities, a non-GAAP measure.  This liquidity, together with borrowing 
under our revolving credit facility, was primarily used to fund the 8.9 million common shares repurchased under our share repurchase 
program and our store growth. 

When considering cash provided by operating activities, management does not include increases in auto loan receivables that have 
been funded with non-recourse notes payable, which are separately reflected as cash provided by financing activities. For a 
reconciliation of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities to net cash used in operating activities, the most directly 
comparable  GAAP  financial  measure,  see  “Reconciliation  of  Adjusted  Net  Cash  from  Operating  Activities”  included  in 
“FINANCIAL CONDITION – Liquidity and Capital Resources.”

Future Outlook
Our long-term strategy is to complete the rollout of our retail concept and to increase our share of used vehicle unit sales in each 
of the markets in which we operate. We believe that, over the long term, used vehicle unit sales are the primary driver for earnings 
growth. We also believe that increased used vehicle unit sales will drive increased sales of wholesale vehicles and ancillary products 
and, over time, increased CAF income. 

As of February 28, 2018, we had used car stores located in 91 television markets, which covered approximately 73% of the U.S. 
population.  Completing our rollout requires a disciplined approach to opening stores in new markets and expanding our presence 
in existing markets.  The format and operating models utilized in stores are continuously evaluated and may change or evolve over 
time based upon market and consumer expectations.  We opened 15 stores in fiscal 2018 and plan to open 15 stores in fiscal 2019
and between 13 and 16 stores in fiscal 2020.  For a detailed list of stores we plan to open in fiscal 2019, see the table included in 
“PLANNED FUTURE ACTIVITIES.” 

In calendar 2017, we estimate we sold approximately 4.6% of the age 0- to 10-year old vehicles sold in the television markets 
in which we operate. Our strategy to increase our share of each of these markets includes focusing on:

•  Delivering an unrivaled customer experience both in stores and online.
•  Connecting the digital and physical customer experiences to enhance the car buying and selling process. 
•  Hiring and developing an engaged and skilled workforce.
• 

Improving efficiency to drive out waste.

23

•  Leveraging data and advanced analytics to continuously improve our processes and systems.

We are investing in various strategic initiatives to increase innovation, specifically with regards to customer facing and customer 
enabling technologies.  We have implemented new enterprise-wide customer relationship management and mobile appraisal 
technologies.  We also continue to invest in search engine optimization and enhance our online financing and online appraisal 
processes.  Our use of data is a core component of these initiatives and continues to be a strategic asset for us as we leverage data 
in new ways to enhance customer experience and increase operational efficiencies. 

While we execute our long-term strategy, there are trends and factors that could impact our strategic approach or our results in the 
short and medium term.  A significant portion of our used vehicle inventory is sourced from local, regional and online wholesale 
auto auctions.  Wholesale vehicle prices are influenced by a variety of factors, including the supply of vehicles available at auction 
relative to dealer demand.  Industry sources predict that there will be a continued influx in off-lease vehicles in coming years, 
which has and could continue to increase the volume of late-model vehicles available at auction relative to dealer demand.  While 
conditions in any one quarter may vary, this has and could continue to reduce wholesale auction prices and our vehicle acquisition 
costs.  It could also impact CAF recovery rates.

The federal statutory tax rate associated with the 2017 Tax Act, which was enacted in our fourth quarter, is expected to result in 
future benefits to our financial results and cash flows.  While the exact amount of those future benefits has not yet been determined, 
we currently intend to use those benefits to invest in our associates and business, including our digital and technology capabilities.  
We expect that, after these investments, 70% to 85% of the benefit from the lower tax rate will impact our net earnings.  While in 
any individual period conditions may vary, over the long term we would expect to begin leveraging our SG&A expenses when 
comparable store used unit sales growth is in the mid-single digit range.  In the near term, while we are investing more heavily in 
strategic initiatives, we believe the SG&A leverage point is likely at the higher end of this range. 

For additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our Company, see “Risk Factors,” included in Part I, Item 1A of 
this Form 10-K.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Our results of operations and financial condition as reflected in the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  Preparation of financial statements requires management to make 
estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the disclosures of contingent 
assets  and  liabilities.  We  use  our  historical  experience  and  other  relevant  factors  when  developing  our  estimates  and 
assumptions.  We regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions.  Note 2 includes a discussion of significant accounting 
policies.  The accounting policies discussed below are the ones we consider critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial 
statements because their application places the most significant demands on our judgment.  Our financial results might have been 
different if different assumptions had been used or other conditions had prevailed.

Financing and Securitization Transactions
We maintain a revolving funding program composed of three warehouse facilities (“warehouse facilities”) that we use to fund auto 
loan receivables originated by CAF.  We typically elect to fund these receivables through an asset-backed term funding transaction, 
such as a term securitization or alternative funding arrangement, at a later date.  We recognize transfers of auto loan receivables 
into the warehouse facilities and asset-backed term funding transactions, including term securitizations (together, “non-recourse 
funding vehicles”), as secured borrowings, which result in recording the auto loan receivables and the related non-recourse notes 
payable on our consolidated balance sheets.  CAF income included in the consolidated statements of earnings primarily reflects 
the interest and fee income generated by the auto loan receivables less the interest expense associated with the debt issued to fund 
these receivables, a provision for estimated loan losses and direct CAF expenses.

See Notes 2(F), 2(H) and 4 for additional information on securitizations and auto loan receivables.

Allowance for Loan Losses  
The allowance for loan losses represents an estimate of the amount of net losses inherent in our portfolio of managed receivables 
as of the applicable reporting date.  Such losses are expected to become evident during the following 12 months.  Because net loss 
performance can vary substantially over time, estimating net losses requires assumptions about matters that are uncertain.

The allowance for loan losses is estimated using a combination of analytical models and management judgment. These models 
are primarily based on the composition of the portfolio of managed receivables (including month of origination and actual prior 
performance of the receivables), historical loss trends and forecasted forward loss curves.  For receivables that have less than 12 
months of performance history, the estimate also takes into account the credit grades of the receivables and historical losses by 

24

credit grade to supplement actual loss data in estimating future performance.  Once the receivables have 12 months of performance 
history, the estimate reflects actual loss experience of those receivables to date along with forward loss curves to predict future 
performance.  The forward loss curves are constructed using historical performance data and show the average timing of losses 
over the course of a receivable’s life.

Estimates from these models rely on historical performance information and may not fully reflect losses inherent in the present 
portfolio.  Therefore, management also considers recent trends in delinquencies and defaults, recovery rates and the economic 
environment in assessing the models used in estimating the allowance for loan losses, and may adjust the allowance for loan losses 
to reflect factors that may not be captured in the models.  In addition, management periodically considers whether the use of 
additional metrics would result in improved model performance and revises the models when appropriate.

Determining the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses requires management to exercise judgment about matters that 
are inherently uncertain, including the timing and distribution of net losses that could materially affect the allowance for loan 
losses and, therefore, net earnings.  To the extent that actual performance differs from our estimates, additional provision for credit 
losses may be required that would reduce net earnings.  A 10% change in the estimated loss rates would have changed the allowance 
for loan losses by approximately $12.9 million as of February 28, 2018.

See Notes 2(H) and 4 for additional information on the allowance for loan losses.

Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when the earnings process is complete, generally either at the time of sale to a customer or upon delivery 
to a customer.  As part of our customer service strategy, we guarantee the retail vehicles we sell with a 5 day, money-back 
guarantee.  We record a reserve for estimated returns based on historical experience and trends, and results could be affected if 
future vehicle returns differ from historical averages.

We also sell ESPs and GAP on behalf of unrelated third parties, who are the primary obligors, to customers who purchase a retail 
vehicle. The ESPs we currently offer on all used vehicles provide coverage up to 60 months (subject to mileage limitations), while 
GAP covers the customer for the term of their finance contract.  We recognize revenue, on a net basis, at the time of sale.  We also 
record a reserve for estimated contract cancellations.  Periodically, we may receive retrospective commissions based upon the 
performance  of  the  policies  administered  by  the  third  parties.  These  additional  amounts  are  recognized  as  revenue  when 
received.  The reserve for cancellations is evaluated for each product and is based on forecasted forward cancellation curves 
utilizing historical experience, recent trends and credit mix of the customer base.  Our risk related to contract cancellations is 
limited to the revenue that we receive.  Cancellations fluctuate depending on the volume of EPP sales, customer financing default 
or prepayment rates, and shifts in customer behavior related to changes in the coverage or term of the product.  Results could be 
affected if actual events differ from our estimates.  A 10% change in the estimated cancellation rates would have changed cancellation 
reserves by approximately $10.5 million as of February 28, 2018.  See Note 8 for additional information on cancellation reserves.

Customers applying for financing who are not approved or are conditionally approved by CAF are generally evaluated by other 
third-party finance providers.  These providers generally either pay us or are paid a fixed, pre-negotiated fee per contract.  We 
recognize these fees at the time of sale.

We collect sales taxes and other taxes from customers on behalf of governmental authorities at the time of sale.  These taxes are 
accounted for on a net basis and are not included in net sales and operating revenues or cost of sales.

25

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – CARMAX SALES OPERATIONS
 
NET SALES AND OPERATING REVENUES
 
(In millions)
Used vehicle sales
Wholesale vehicle sales
Other sales and revenues:
Extended protection plan revenues
Third-party finance fees, net
Other
Total other sales and revenues
Total net sales and operating revenues

336.4
(49.9)
260.2
546.7
17,120.2

2018
14,392.4
2,181.2

$

$

 

 

Change

8.5 % $
4.7 %

 

10.1 %
(29.9)%
2.1 %
4.7 %
7.8 % $

Years Ended February 28 or 29

 

2017
13,270.7
2,082.5

305.5
(38.4)
254.9
522.0
15,875.1

Change

6.7 % $
(4.8)%

 

14.1 %
37.6 %
(19.3)%
— %
4.8 % $

2016
12,439.4
2,188.3

267.8
(61.5)
315.7
522.0
15,149.7

UNIT SALES
 

Used vehicles
Wholesale vehicles
 

AVERAGE SELLING PRICES
 

Used vehicles
Wholesale vehicles

 

 

2018
721,512
408,509

Years Ended February 28 or 29
Change
Change

2017

7.5% 671,294
4.3% 391,686

8.3 %
(0.7)%

2016
619,936
394,437

2018
19,757
5,102

$
$

Years Ended February 28 or 29
Change
Change

0.9 % $
(0.1)% $

2017
19,586
5,106

(1.7)% $
(4.1)% $

2016
19,917
5,327

COMPARABLE STORE USED VEHICLE SALES CHANGES
 
 
Used vehicle units
Used vehicle dollars

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

2.0%
2.9%

4.3%
2.7%

2.4%
2.5%

Stores are added to the comparable store base beginning in their fourteenth full month of operation. We do not remove renovated 
stores from our comparable store base.  Comparable store calculations include results for a set of stores that were included in our 
comparable store base in both the current and corresponding prior year periods.

VEHICLE SALES CHANGES
 
 
Used vehicle units
Used vehicle revenues
Wholesale vehicle units
Wholesale vehicle revenues

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

7.5%
8.5%
4.3%
4.7%

8.3 %
6.7 %
(0.7)%
(4.8)%

6.5%
6.6%
4.9%
6.8%

26

USED VEHICLE FINANCING PENETRATION BY CHANNEL (BEFORE THE IMPACT OF 3-DAY PAYOFFS)

CAF (2)
Tier 2 (3)
Tier 3 (4)
Other (5)
Total

Years Ended February 28 or 29 (1)
2018
2016

2017

48.4%
16.6
10.5
24.5
100.0%

49.5%
17.8
9.8
22.9
100.0%

47.8%
18.1
13.8
20.3
100.0%

Includes CAF's Tier 3 loan originations, which represent less than 1% of total used units sold.

(1)   Calculated as used vehicle units financed for respective channel as a percentage of total used units sold.
(2) 
(3)   Third-party finance providers who generally pay us a fee or to whom no fee is paid.
(4)   Third-party finance providers to whom we pay a fee.
(5)   Represents customers arranging their own financing and customers that do not require financing.

CHANGE IN USED CAR STORE BASE
 
 
Used car stores, beginning of year
Store openings
Used car stores, end of year

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

173
15
188

158
15
173

144
14
158

 

During fiscal 2018, we opened 15 stores, including 7 stores in 5 new television markets (3 stores in Seattle, WA, and 1 store each 
in Salisbury, MD; Tyler, TX; Myrtle Beach, SC; and Portland, ME) and 8 stores in 7 existing television markets (1 store each in 
Pensacola, FL; Hartford, CT; Philadelphia, PA; Las Vegas, NV; Boston, MA; and Denver, CO; and 2 stores in San Francisco, CA). 

Used Vehicle Sales
Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  The 8.5% increase in used vehicle revenues in fiscal 2018 was primarily due to a 7.5% increase 
in unit sales.  The increase in used unit sales included a 2.0% increase in comparable store used unit sales and sales from newer 
stores not yet included in the comparable store base.  The comparable store used unit sales performance was driven by a continued 
strong conversion, partially offset by lower store traffic.  We believe that strong execution in our stores as well as the impact of 
our digital initiatives contributed to our continued improvements in conversion.  Our data indicates that in our television markets, 
we increased our share of the 0- to 10-year old used vehicle market by almost 7% in calendar 2017. 

Average retail selling price for fiscal 2018 remained relatively consistent with the prior year, reflecting the net effects of shifts in 
the mix of our sales by both vehicle age and class and lower vehicle acquisition costs.  Decreases in vehicle acquisition costs in 
the first half of the year were largely offset by increases in the second half of the year.  We believe lower seasonal depreciation 
was a significant driver of the increase in vehicle acquisition costs in the second half of the year.  At the same time, industry new 
vehicle transaction prices benefited from aggressive new car incentives.  We believe the resulting change in the relative affordability 
of new vehicles versus late-model vehicles was one of the factors contributing to our comparable store used unit sales performance.

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  The 6.7% increase in used vehicle revenues in fiscal 2017 resulted from an 8.3% increase in unit 
sales combined with a 1.7% decline in average retail selling price.  The increase in used unit sales included a 4.3% increase in 
comparable store used unit sales and sales from newer stores not yet included in the comparable store base.  The comparable store 
used unit sales performance resulted from an increase in conversion, partially offset by a slight decline in store traffic.

We believe the decline in store traffic was predominantly the result of a decline in customers typically financed by Tier 3 providers.  
The decline in Tier 3 sales was the result of tightened lending standards by one of our third-party Tier 3 finance providers that we 
experienced starting in the middle of the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and lower applicant volume within this credit tier. Our data 
indicates that in our television markets, we increased our share of the 0- to 10-year old used vehicle market by approximately 2% 
in calendar 2016.

27

The decline in average retail selling price reflected the net effects of lower vehicle acquisition costs and shifts in the mix of our 
sales by both vehicle age and class.  We believe the increased supply of late-model vehicles available at auction contributed to the 
lower acquisition costs, which, in turn, helped to increase the value proposition of late-model used vehicles relative to new cars.

Wholesale Vehicle Sales
Vehicles sold at our wholesale auctions are, on average, approximately 10 years old with more than 100,000 miles and are primarily 
comprised of vehicles purchased through our appraisal process that do not meet our retail standards.  Our wholesale auction prices 
usually reflect the trends in the general wholesale market for the types of vehicles we sell, although they can also be affected by 
changes in vehicle mix or the average age, mileage or condition of the vehicles being sold.

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  The 4.7% increase in wholesale vehicle revenues in fiscal 2018 resulted from a 4.3% increase 
in wholesale unit sales.  During fiscal 2018, increases in wholesale unit volumes attributable to an increase in our appraisal buy 
rate and growth in our store base were partially offset by a reduction in appraisal traffic.  We believe the appraisal buy rate benefited 
from strong wholesale industry vehicle valuations, which allowed us to provide seasonally strong appraisal offers.  Wholesale 
vehicle average selling price for fiscal 2018 remained consistent with the prior year.     

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  The 4.8% decrease in wholesale vehicle revenues in fiscal 2017 resulted from a 4.1% decrease 
in wholesale vehicle average selling prices and a 0.7% decrease in wholesale unit sales.  During fiscal 2017, increases in wholesale 
unit volumes attributable to the growth in our store base and an improved appraisal buy rate were more than offset by a reduction 
in appraisal traffic.  In particular, we experienced a reduced mix of 7- to 9-year old vehicles in our wholesale sales mix, which we 
believe resulted, at least in part, from the reduced overall industry supply of these model year vehicles due to the decline in industry 
new vehicle sales during the recession.  This shift in mix also contributed to the decline in average selling price.

Other Sales and Revenues
Other sales and revenues include revenue from the sale of ESPs and GAP (collectively reported in EPP revenues, net of a reserve 
for estimated contract cancellations), net third-party finance fees, and other revenues, which are predominantly comprised of 
service department and new vehicle sales.  The fees we pay to the Tier 3 providers are reflected as an offset to finance fee revenues 
received from the Tier 2 providers.  The mix of our retail vehicles financed by CAF, Tier 2 and Tier 3 providers, or customers that 
arrange their own financing, may vary from quarter to quarter depending on several factors including the credit quality of applicants, 
changes in providers’ credit decisioning and external market conditions.  Changes in originations by one tier of credit providers 
may also affect the originations made by providers in other tiers. 

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  Other sales and revenues increased 4.7% in fiscal 2018.  EPP revenues increased 10.1%  compared 
with the prior year, largely reflecting the growth in our used unit sales.  The $11.5 million reduction in net third-party finance fees 
reflected shifts in our sales mix by finance channel, including a decline in our Tier 2 and an increase in our Tier 3 sales. 

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  Other sales and revenues remained consistent in fiscal 2017, as changes in the underlying 
components offset one another.  New vehicle sales declined due to the disposal of two of our four new car franchises during fiscal 
2016.  EPP revenues increased 14.1% largely reflecting the growth in our used unit sales and pricing changes.  Net third-party 
finance fees improved by 37.6% primarily due to the reduced proportion of our used unit sales financed by Tier 3 finance providers. 

GROSS PROFIT
 
(In millions)
Used vehicle gross profit
Wholesale vehicle gross profit
Other gross profit
Total

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018
1,567.6
392.5
368.8
2,328.9

$

$

Change

8.0% $
8.2%
—%
6.7% $

2017
1,451.7
362.6
369.0
2,183.3

Change

8.4 % $
(6.6)%
26.3 %
8.2 % $

2016
1,338.6
388.1
292.1
2,018.8

28

GROSS PROFIT PER UNIT
 

 

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

 
Used vehicle gross profit
Wholesale vehicle gross profit
Other gross profit
Total gross profit

$ per unit (1)
2,173
$
$
961
511
$
$
3,228

% (2)

$ per unit (1)
2,163
$
$
926
$
550
3,252
$

10.9
18.0
67.5
13.6

% (2)

$ per unit (1)
2,159
$
$
984
471
$
$
3,256

10.9
17.4
70.7
13.8

% (2)

10.8
17.7
55.9
13.3

 
(1)  Calculated as category gross profit divided by its respective units sold, except the other and total categories, which are divided by total 

(2)  Calculated as a percentage of its respective sales or revenue.

used units sold.

 

Used Vehicle Gross Profit
We target a dollar range of gross profit per used unit sold.  The gross profit dollar target for an individual vehicle is based on a 
variety of factors, including its probability of sale and its mileage relative to its age; however, it is not primarily based on the 
vehicle’s selling price.  Our ability to quickly adjust appraisal offers to be consistent with the broader market trade-in trends and 
the pace of our inventory turns reduce our exposure to the inherent continual fluctuation in used vehicle values and contribute to 
our ability to manage gross profit dollars per unit. 

We systematically adjust individual vehicle prices based on proprietary pricing algorithms in order to appropriately balance sales 
trends, inventory turns and gross profit achievement.  Other factors that may influence gross profit include the wholesale and retail 
vehicle pricing environments, vehicle reconditioning and logistics costs, and the percentage of vehicles sourced directly from 
consumers through our appraisal process.  Vehicles purchased directly from consumers typically generate more gross profit per 
unit compared with vehicles purchased at auction or through other channels.

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  The 8.0% increase in used vehicle gross profit in fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by the 7.5%
growth in total used unit sales.  Despite an overall trend reported by publicly traded auto retailers in recent quarters towards lower 
gross profit per unit sold, our used vehicle gross profit per unit remained consistent with fiscal 2017.  We believe we can manage 
to a targeted gross profit per unit dollar range, subject to future changes to our business or pricing strategy.    

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  The 8.4% increase in used vehicle gross profit in fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by the 8.3%
growth in total used unit sales.  Our used vehicle gross profit per unit remained consistent with fiscal 2016. 

Wholesale Vehicle Gross Profit
Our wholesale gross profit per unit reflects the demand for older, higher mileage vehicles, which are the mainstay of our auctions, 
as well as strong dealer attendance and resulting high dealer-to-car ratios at our auctions.  The frequency of our auctions, which 
are generally held weekly or bi-weekly, minimizes the depreciation risk on these vehicles.  Our ability to adjust appraisal offers 
in response to the wholesale pricing environment is a key factor that influences wholesale gross profit.

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  The 8.2% increase in wholesale vehicle gross profit in fiscal 2018 was driven by the 4.3%
increase in wholesale unit sales and the $35, or 3.8%, increase in wholesale gross profit per unit.  We believe our wholesale gross 
profit per unit benefited from a lower depreciation environment relative to historical trends. 

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  The 6.6% decrease in wholesale vehicle gross profit in fiscal 2017 reflected the combination of 
the 0.7% decrease in wholesale unit sales and a $58, or 5.9%, reduction in wholesale gross profit per unit.  The decline in gross 
profit per unit was due in part to the reduced proportion of 7- to 9-year old vehicles in our wholesale sales mix.  In addition, 
compared with fiscal 2016, differences in the rate of depreciation relative to changes in our appraisal offers contributed to the 
decline in wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit.

Other Gross Profit
Other gross profit includes profits related to EPP revenues, net third-party finance fees and other revenues, which are predominantly 
comprised of service department operations, including used vehicle reconditioning, and new vehicle sales.  We have no cost of 
sales related to EPP revenues or net third-party finance fees, as these represent revenues paid to us by certain third-party providers.  
Third-party finance fees are reported net of the fees we pay to third-party Tier 3 finance providers.  Accordingly, changes in the 
relative mix of the components of other gross profit can affect the composition and amount of other gross profit.

29

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  Other gross profit remained consistent in fiscal 2018, as a $19.2 million decrease in service 
profits and the decrease in net third-party finance fees discussed above were largely offset by the noted increase in EPP revenues.  
Service profits were affected by the reduced leverage of service department costs resulting from our more modest comparable 
store used unit growth in the latter half of fiscal 2018. 

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  Other gross profit rose 26.3% in fiscal 2017, primarily reflecting the improvement in EPP 
revenues and net third-party finance fees discussed above.  The decrease in new vehicle sales did not significantly affect other 
gross profit. 

Impact of Inflation
Historically, inflation has not had a significant impact on results.  Profitability is primarily affected by our ability to achieve targeted 
unit sales and gross profit dollars per vehicle rather than by changes in average retail prices.  However, changes in average vehicle 
selling prices impact CAF income, to the extent the average amount financed also changes.

SG&A Expenses

 

COMPONENTS OF SG&A EXPENSES
 
(In millions except per unit data)
Compensation and benefits (1)
Store occupancy costs
Advertising expense
Other overhead costs (2)
Total SG&A expenses
SG&A per used vehicle unit (3)

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

863.2
337.3
157.7
258.9
1,617.1
2,241

$

$
$

$

Change

7.4% $
12.1%
9.3%
8.1%
8.6% $
24
$

2017

Change

2016

803.9
300.8
144.2
239.6
1,488.5
2,217

$

9.0% $
9.1%
2.6%
20.9%
10.1% $
$

36

737.6
275.6
140.6
198.1
1,351.9
2,181

(1)  Excludes compensation and benefits related to reconditioning and vehicle repair service, which are included in cost of sales.  See Note 12 

for details of stock-based compensation expense by grant type.
Includes  IT  expenses,  preopening  and  relocation  costs,  insurance,  non-CAF  bad  debt,  travel,  charitable  contributions  and  other 
administrative expenses. 

(2) 

(3)  Calculated as total SG&A expenses divided by total used vehicle units. 

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  SG&A expenses for fiscal 2018 increased 8.6%.  The increase primarily reflected the 9% growth 
in our store base during fiscal 2018 (representing the addition of 15 stores); an $18.0 million increase in the corporate incentive 
pay accrual; and higher variable costs associated with our comparable store unit growth.  These increases were partially offset by 
a $27.7 million decrease in share-based compensation expense, which reduced SG&A per used unit by $47.  The decrease in share-
based compensation expense reflected higher costs incurred in fiscal 2017 in connection with the retirement of our former chief 
executive officer, as well as a decrease in the expense related to cash-settled restricted stock units in fiscal 2018.  The expense 
associated with these units was primarily driven by the change in the company’s stock price during the fiscal year.  The $19.3 million, 
or 8.1%, increase in other overhead costs included increased spending related to strategic initiatives.    

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  SG&A expenses for fiscal 2017 increased 10.1%.  The increase primarily reflected the 9% growth 
in our store base during fiscal 2017 (representing the addition of 15 stores), and a $35.7 million increase in share-based compensation 
expense.  The increase in share-based compensation expense increased SG&A per used unit by $47 and was largely related to 
cash-settled restricted stock units, which are awards provided broadly to non-executive associates in our organization.  The fiscal 
2017 share-based compensation expense included approximately $10 million of incremental expense related to awards granted or 
modified by the board of directors to our former chief executive officer.  The $41.5 million, or 20.9%, increase in other overhead 
costs included increased spending related to strategic initiatives.

Interest Expense
Interest expense includes the interest related to short- and long-term debt and finance and capital lease obligations.  It does not 
include interest on the non-recourse notes payable, which is reflected within CAF income.

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  Interest expense increased to $70.7 million in fiscal 2018 versus $56.4 million in fiscal 2017.  
The increase reflected the combined effects of higher outstanding debt levels and interest rates in fiscal 2018 as well as a reduction 
in capitalized interest. 

30

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  Interest expense increased to $56.4 million in fiscal 2017 versus $36.4 million in fiscal 2016.  
The increase reflected the combination of planned higher outstanding debt levels in fiscal 2017 as part of our capital structure 
strategy, as well as growth in our finance and capital lease obligations.  During fiscal 2017, we sold $500 million of senior unsecured 
notes, due in 2023, 2026 and 2028, to investors in a private placement.

Other Expense
During fiscal 2016, we recorded a one-time charge of $8.3 million associated with a property that was no longer planned to be 
used. 

Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate was 37.6% in fiscal 2018, 37.7% in fiscal 2017 and 38.3% in fiscal 2016.  The 2017 Tax Act was 
enacted on December 22, 2017.  The provision with the most significant impact to CarMax was the reduction of the federal statutory 
tax rate from 35% to 21%.  

The 2017 Tax Act increased our fiscal 2018 income tax expense by $11.9 million, which was made up of the following:

•  We revalued our net deferred tax asset based on the rate at which it is expected to reverse in the future.  As a result, we 

recognized a provisional $32.7 million of tax expense related to this revaluation.

•  Tax expense decreased by $20.8 million, primarily resulting from the reduction in the federal statutory tax rate, effective 
January 1, 2018.  Our U.S. federal statutory tax rate was 32.7% for fiscal 2018, which reflects the blended federal statutory 
rate.   

These combined effects resulted in a net impact to our fiscal 2018 effective tax rate of 1.1 percentage points.  In future quarters, 
we anticipate that our effective tax rate will generally be around 25%.  This rate is subject to volatility associated with the adoption 
in fiscal 2018 of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) ASU 2016-09 regarding 
share-based compensation.   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – CARMAX AUTO FINANCE

 

CAF income primarily reflects interest and fee income generated by CAF’s portfolio of auto loan receivables less the interest 
expense associated with the debt issued to fund these receivables, a provision for estimated loan losses and direct CAF expenses. 
CAF income does not include any allocation of indirect costs.  Although CAF benefits from certain indirect overhead expenditures, 
we have not allocated indirect costs to CAF to avoid making subjective allocation decisions.  Examples of indirect costs not 
allocated to CAF include retail store expenses and corporate expenses.

CAF’s managed portfolio is composed primarily of loans originated over the past several years.  Trends in receivable growth and 
interest margins primarily reflect the cumulative effect of changes in the business over a multi-year period.  We strive to originate 
loans with an underlying risk profile that we believe will, in the aggregate and excluding CAF’s Tier 3 originations, result in 
cumulative net losses in the 2% to 2.5% range over the life of the loans.  Actual loss performance of the loans may fall outside of 
this range based on various factors, including intentional changes in the risk profile of originations, economic conditions and 
wholesale recovery rates.  Current period originations reflect current trends in both our retail sales and the CAF business, including 
the volume of loans originated, current interest rates charged to consumers, loan terms and average credit scores.   Because we 
recognize CAF income over the life of the underlying auto loan, loans originated in a given fiscal period generally do not have a 
significant effect on that period’s financial results. 

See Note 3 for additional information on CAF income and Note 4 for information on auto loan receivables, including credit quality.

31

SELECTED CAF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
 
(In millions)
Interest margin:
Interest and fee income
Interest expense
Total interest margin
Provision for loan losses
CarMax Auto Finance income

(1)  Percent of total average managed receivables.

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

% (1)

2017

% (1)

2016

% (1)

$

$
$
$

856.6
(215.0)
641.6
(137.6)
421.2

$

7.6
(1.9)
5.7
$
(1.2) $
3.8
$

762.0
(171.4)
590.6
(150.6)
369.0

$

7.5
(1.7)
5.8
$
(1.5) $
3.6
$

682.9
(127.7)
555.2
(101.2)
392.0

7.5
(1.4)
6.1
(1.1)
4.3

CAF ORIGINATION INFORMATION (AFTER  THE IMPACT OF 3-DAY PAYOFFS)
 
 
Net loans originated (in millions)
Vehicle units financed 
Net penetration rate (1)
Weighted average contract rate
Weighted average credit score (2)
Weighted average loan-to-value (LTV) (3)
Weighted average term (in months)

$

Years Ended February 28 or 29 
2016
5,171.0
265,426

2017
5,643.3
297,043

2018
5,962.2
310,739

$

$

43.1%
7.8%
707
95.0%
65.8

44.2%
7.4%
706
95.0%
65.8

42.8%
7.3%
702
94.6%
65.9

(1)  Vehicle units financed as a percentage of total used units sold.
(2)  The credit scores represent FICO® scores and reflect only receivables with obligors that have a FICO® score at the time of application.  The 
FICO® score with respect to any receivable with co-obligors is calculated as the average of each obligor’s FICO® score at the time of 
application.  FICO® scores are not a significant factor in our primary scoring model, which relies on information from credit bureaus and 
other application information as discussed in Note 4.  FICO® is a federally registered servicemark of Fair Isaac Corporation.

(3)  LTV represents the ratio of the amount financed to the total collateral value, which is measured as the vehicle selling price plus applicable 

taxes, title and fees.

LOAN PERFORMANCE INFORMATION
 

(In millions)
Total ending managed receivables
Total average managed receivables
Allowance for loan losses (1)
Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of ending managed receivables
Net credit losses on managed receivables
Net credit losses as a percentage of total average managed receivables
Past due accounts as a percentage of ending managed receivables
Average recovery rate (2)

As of and for the

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

$ 11,618.9
$ 11,210.8
128.6
$
1.11%
132.6
1.18%
3.38%
46.1%

$

$
$
$

$

2017

$ 10,681.3
$ 10,158.3
123.6
$
1.16%
121.9
1.20%
3.10%
47.4%

$

2016
9,593.6
9,092.9
94.9
0.99%
88.0
0.97%
2.74%
51.2%

(1)     The allowance for loan losses represents an estimate of the amount of net losses inherent in our portfolio of managed receivables as of the 

applicable reporting date and anticipated to occur during the following 12 months.  

(2)  The average recovery rate represents the average percentage of the outstanding principal balance we receive when a vehicle is repossessed 
and liquidated, generally at our wholesale auctions.  While in any individual period conditions may vary, over the past 10 fiscal years, the 
annual recovery rate has ranged from a low of 44% to a high of 60%, and it is primarily affected by changes in the wholesale market pricing 
environment.

32

Fiscal 2018 Versus Fiscal 2017.  CAF income increased 14.1% in fiscal 2018, which was due to an increase in the average managed 
receivables and a decline in the provision for loan losses, partially offset by a lower total interest margin percentage.  Average 
managed receivables grew 10.4% to $11.21 billion in fiscal 2018 driven primarily by the rise in CAF loan originations in recent 
years. The growth in net loan originations in fiscal 2018 resulted from our used vehicle sales growth and an increase in average 
amount financed, partially offset by a decrease in CAF's penetration rate.

The provision for loan losses declined to $137.6 million in fiscal 2018 from $150.6 million in fiscal 2017.  The prior year’s provision 
was affected by rising loss experience, while losses were generally consistent with expectations in fiscal 2018.  As a result, the 
allowance for loan losses as a percentage of ending managed receivables was 1.11% as of February 28, 2018 compared with 1.16%
as of February 28, 2017.  Changes in the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of ending managed receivables reflect the effect 
of the change in loss and delinquency experience on our outlook for net losses expected to occur over the next 12 months.

The total interest margin, which reflects the spread between interest and fees charged to consumers and our funding costs, declined 
to 5.7% of average managed receivables from 5.8% in fiscal 2017.  This was the result of a gradual compression of the spread 
between rates charged to consumers and our funding costs in recent years. Changes in the interest margin on new originations 
affect CAF income over time.  Continued increases in interest rates, which affect CAF’s funding costs, or other competitive 
pressures on consumer rates, could result in further compression in the interest margin on new originations. 

Fiscal 2017 Versus Fiscal 2016.  CAF income declined 5.9% in fiscal 2017.  The decline was due to an increase in the provision 
for loan losses and lower total interest margin percentage, partially offset by the increase in average managed receivables.  Average 
managed receivables grew 11.7% to $10.16 billion in fiscal 2017 driven by the rise in CAF loan originations in recent years.  The 
growth in net loan originations in fiscal 2017 resulted from our used vehicle sales growth and an increase in CAF's penetration 
rate that was caused by an increased mix of credit applications from customers at the higher end of the credit spectrum.

The total interest margin declined to 5.8% of average managed receivables from 6.1% in fiscal 2016.  This was due to the same 
reasons noted above in the fiscal 2018 versus fiscal 2017 comparison.

The provision for loan losses rose to $150.6 million in fiscal 2017 from $101.2 million in fiscal 2016 due to unfavorable loss 
experience in fiscal 2017 as well as the growth in managed receivables.  While higher loss rates were primarily due to an increase 
in charge-offs, lower recovery rates also contributed to the unfavorable loss experience in fiscal 2017, which we believe reflected 
conditions impacting our industry as a whole. 

Tier 3 Loan Originations.  CAF also originates a small portion of auto loans to customers who typically would be financed by 
our Tier 3 finance providers, in order to better understand the performance of these loans, mitigate risk and add incremental 
profits.  CAF currently targets originating approximately 5% of the total Tier 3 loan volume; however, this rate may vary over 
time based on market conditions.  A total of $147.5 million and $123.3 million in CAF Tier 3 receivables were outstanding as of 
February 28, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  These loans have higher loss and delinquency rates than the remainder of the CAF 
portfolio, as well as higher contract rates.  As of February 28, 2018 and 2017, approximately 10% of the total allowance for loan 
losses related to the outstanding CAF Tier 3 loan balances.  

33

PLANNED FUTURE ACTIVITIES

 

We currently plan to open 15 stores in fiscal 2019 and between 13 and 16 stores in fiscal 2020.  In fiscal 2019, we will be entering 
nine new television markets and expanding our presence in six existing television markets.  Of the 15 stores we plan to open in 
fiscal 2019, 10 are in Metropolitan Statistical Areas (“MSAs”) having populations of 600,000 or less, which we define as small 
markets.  We currently estimate capital expenditures will total approximately $340 million in fiscal 2019.

FISCAL 2019 PLANNED STORE OPENINGS

Location

Television Market

Metropolitan Statistical 

Area

Planned Opening Date

Macon (2)

Dallas/Ft. Worth

Albuquerque/Santa Fe

Miami/Ft. Lauderdale/W. Palm Beach

Winterville, North Carolina (1) Greenville/New Bern/Washington (2)
McKinney, Texas
Jensen Beach, Florida
Santa Fe, New Mexico
Warner Robins, Georgia
Norman, Oklahoma
Wilmington, North Carolina
Lafayette, Louisiana
Corpus Christi, Texas
Shreveport, Louisiana
Amherst, New York
Melbourne, Florida
Montgomery, Alabama
Vancouver, Washington
Kenner, Louisiana

Orlando/Daytona Beach
Montgomery/Selma (2)

Oklahoma City
Wilmington (2)
Lafayette (2)

Shreveport (2)
Buffalo (2)

Corpus Christi (2)

New Orleans (2)

Portland

Greenville

Dallas/Ft. Worth
Port St. Lucie

Santa Fe

Warner Robins
Oklahoma City
Wilmington
Lafayette

Corpus Christi

Shreveport

Buffalo

Palm Bay/Melbourne

Montgomery

Portland/Vancouver

New Orleans

Q1 Fiscal 2019
Q1 Fiscal 2019
Q1 Fiscal 2019
Q2 Fiscal 2019
Q2 Fiscal 2019
Q2 Fiscal 2019
Q3 Fiscal 2019
Q3 Fiscal 2019
Q3 Fiscal 2019
Q3 Fiscal 2019
Q4 Fiscal 2019
Q4 Fiscal 2019
Q4 Fiscal 2019
Q4 Fiscal 2019
Q4 Fiscal 2019

(1)   Store opened in March 2018.
(2)   Represents new television market as of planned store opening date.

Normal construction, permitting or other scheduling delays could shift the opening dates of any of these stores into a later period. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

See Note 2(X) to the consolidated financial statements for information on recent accounting pronouncements applicable to CarMax.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our primary ongoing cash requirements are to fund our existing operations, store expansion and improvement and CAF.  Since 
fiscal 2013, we have also elected to use cash for our share repurchase program.  Our primary ongoing sources of liquidity include 
funds provided by operations, proceeds from non-recourse funding vehicles and borrowings under our revolving credit facility or 
through other financing sources.

We currently target an adjusted debt to capital ratio in a range of 35% to 45%.  In calculating this ratio, we utilize total debt, 
excluding non-recourse notes payable, a multiple of 8 times rent expense and total shareholders’ equity.  We expect to use our 
revolving credit facility and other financing sources, together with stock repurchases, to maintain this targeted ratio; however, in 
any period, we may be outside this range due to seasonal, market, strategic or other factors. 
 
Operating Activities.  During fiscal 2018, net cash used in operating activities totaled $80.6 million compared with $455.3 million
in fiscal 2017 and $116.8 million in fiscal 2016.  The net cash used in operating activities includes increases in auto loan receivables 
of $1.08 billion in fiscal 2018,  $1.21 billion in fiscal 2017 and $1.20 billion in fiscal 2016.  The majority of the increases in auto 
loan receivables are accompanied by increases in non-recourse notes payable, which are separately reflected as cash provided by 
financing activities. 
 

34

 

 

 

As of February 28, 2018, total inventory was $2.39 billion, representing an increase of $130.1 million, or 5.8%, compared with 
the balance as of the start of the fiscal year.  The increase primarily reflected the addition of inventory to support new store openings 
in fiscal 2018 as well as an increase in acquisition costs resulting from higher wholesale valuations, especially in the months 
following Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.

As of February 28, 2017, total inventory was $2.26 billion, representing an increase of $328.5 million, or 17.0%, compared with 
the balance as of the start of the fiscal year.  The increase primarily reflected the addition of inventory to support new store openings 
and our comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2017.  Increased inventory levels were also a result of changes in the timing in 
federal income tax refunds that impacted the timing of anticipated sales in February 2017.  These increases were partially offset 
by a decline in the average carrying cost of inventory due to changes in acquisition costs. 

When considering cash provided by operating activities, management uses an adjusted measure of net cash from operating activities 
that offsets the changes in auto loan receivables with the corresponding changes in non-recourse notes payable.  This is achieved 
by adding back the cash provided from the net issuances of non-recourse notes payable, which represents the increase in auto loan 
receivables that were funded through the issuance of non-recourse notes payable during the year.  The resulting financial measure, 
adjusted net cash from operating activities, is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We believe adjusted net cash from operating activities 
is a meaningful metric for investors because it provides better visibility into the cash generated from operations.  Including the 
increases in non-recourse notes payable, net cash provided by operating activities would have been as follows:

RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 
(In millions)
Net cash used in operating activities (1)
Add: Net issuances of non-recourse notes payable (2)
Adjusted net cash provided by operating activities

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

(80.6) $
902.2
821.6

$

(455.3) $
1,214.7
759.4

$

2016

(116.8)
1,057.1
940.3

$

$

(1) 

In connection with our adoption of FASB ASU 2016-09 during the current fiscal year, cash flows related to excess tax benefits from share-
based payment arrangements are now classified as operating activities, rather than financing activities, in the consolidated statements of 
cash flows.  Prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation.

(2)  Calculated using the gross issuances less payments on non-recourse notes payable as disclosed on the consolidated statements of cash 

flows.

Compared with fiscal 2017, the increase in fiscal 2018 adjusted net cash provided by operating activities reflected the change in 
inventory during fiscal 2018 and the increase in net earnings when excluding non-cash expenses, which include depreciation and 
amortization, share-based compensation expense, the provisions for loan losses and cancellation reserves and the deferred income 
tax provision.  These increases were partially offset by the timing and use of non-recourse funding vehicles in relation to originations 
of auto loan receivables. 

Compared with fiscal 2016, the decrease in fiscal 2017 adjusted net cash provided by operating activities reflected the change in 
inventory, partially offset by the timing of payments related to operating payables and an increase in net earnings when excluding 
non-cash expenses.  In addition, the increase in net issuances of non-recourse notes payable was primarily attributable to loan 
origination growth, as well as the new warehouse facility being used to fund certain of CAF’s Tier 3 loans. In fiscal 2016, all of 
CAF's Tier 3 loans were funded through the use of existing working capital.
 
Investing Activities.  Net cash used in investing activities totaled $326.8 million in fiscal 2018, $465.6 million in fiscal 2017 and 
$378.8 million in fiscal 2016.  Investing activities primarily consist of capital expenditures, which totaled $296.8 million in fiscal 
2018, $418.1 million in fiscal 2017 and $315.6 million in fiscal 2016.  Capital expenditures primarily include store construction 
costs, real estate acquisitions for planned future store openings and store remodeling expenses.  We maintain a multi-year pipeline 
of sites to support our store growth, so portions of capital spending in one year may relate to stores that we open in subsequent 
fiscal years.  We opened 15 stores in both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, and we opened 14 stores and relocated 1 store in fiscal 2016.  
The decrease in capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 largely reflected reduced spending on construction and land acquisitions resulting 
from changes in the mix of markets in which stores were being built.
 
Financing Activities.  Net cash provided by financing activities totaled $413.4 million in fiscal 2018, $921.9 million in fiscal 2017
and  $505.3  million  in  fiscal  2016.  Included  in  these  amounts  were  net  increases  in  total  non-recourse  notes  payable  of 
$902.2 million, $1.21 billion and $1.06 billion, respectively, which were used to provide the financing for the majority of the 
increases of $1.08 billion, $1.21 billion and $1.20 billion, respectively, in auto loan receivables (see Operating Activities).  During 

35

fiscal 2018,  we  increased net  borrowings  under  the revolving  credit facility by  $42.6  million.    During  fiscal 2017,  we  sold 
$500 million of senior unsecured notes in a private placement, and used a portion of the proceeds to reduce net borrowings under 
our revolving credit facility.  During fiscal 2016, we increased net borrowings under the revolving credit facility by $404.6 million.  
Net cash provided by financing activities was reduced by stock repurchases of $579.6 million in fiscal 2018, $564.3 million in 
fiscal 2017 and $983.9 million in fiscal 2016. 

TOTAL DEBT AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 
(In thousands)
Borrowings under revolving credit facility
Other long-term debt
Finance and capital lease obligations
Non-recourse notes payable
Total debt (1)
Cash and cash equivalents

$

$

As of February 28
2017
2018
197,627
155,062
800,000
800,000
500,363
496,136
11,644,615
10,742,425
$ 13,142,605
$ 12,193,623
44,525
$
38,416
$

(1)  Total debt excludes unamortized debt issuance costs.  See Note 11 for additional information.

We have a $1.20 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which expires in August 2020.  Borrowings under this credit facility 
are available for working capital and general corporate purposes, and the unused portion is fully available to us.  We also have a 
$300 million unsecured variable-rate term loan, which is due in August 2020.  In addition, we have $500 million of fixed-rate 
senior unsecured notes, which are due in 2023, 2026 and 2028.  The credit facility, term loan and senior note agreements contain 
representations and warranties, conditions and covenants.  If these requirements were not met, all amounts outstanding or otherwise 
owed could become due and payable immediately and other limitations could be placed on our ability to use any available borrowing 
capacity. 

Finance and capital lease obligations relate primarily to stores subject to sale-leaseback transactions that did not qualify for sale 
accounting and, therefore, are accounted for as financings.  Payments on the leases are recognized as interest expense and a 
reduction of the obligations.  In the event the leases are modified or extended beyond their original lease term, the related obligation 
is increased based on the present value of the revised future minimum lease payments, with a corresponding increase to the assets 
subject to these transactions.  Upon modification, the amortization of the obligation is reset, resulting in more of the lease payments 
being applied to interest expense in the initial years following the modification. 

See Note 11 for additional information on our revolving credit facility, term loan, senior notes and finance and capital lease 
obligations.

CAF auto loan receivables are primarily funded through our warehouse facilities and asset-backed term funding transactions.  
These non-recourse funding vehicles are structured to legally isolate the auto loan receivables, and we would not expect to be able 
to  access  the  assets  of  our  non-recourse  funding  vehicles,  even  in  insolvency,  receivership  or  conservatorship 
proceedings.  Similarly, the investors in the non-recourse notes payable have no recourse to our assets beyond the related receivables, 
the amounts on deposit in reserve accounts and the restricted cash from collections on auto loan receivables.  We do, however, 
continue to have the rights associated with the interest we retain in these non-recourse funding vehicles.

The timing of principal payments on the non-recourse notes payable is based on the timing of principal collections and defaults 
on the related auto loan receivables.  The current portion of non-recourse notes payable represents principal payments that are due 
to be distributed in the following period.

As of February 28, 2018, $9.81 billion of non-recourse notes payable was outstanding related to asset-backed term funding 
transactions.  These notes payable have scheduled maturities through July 2024, but they may mature earlier, depending on the 
repayment rate of the underlying auto loan receivables.  During fiscal 2018, we funded a total of $5.25 billion in asset-backed 
term funding transactions.

As of February 28, 2018, $1.83 billion of non-recourse notes payable was outstanding related to our warehouse facilities.  We have 
periodically increased our warehouse facility limit over time, as our store base, sales and CAF loan originations have grown.  In 
fiscal 2018, we increased the combined limit of our warehouse facilities by $340 million.  As of February 28, 2018, the combined 
warehouse facility limit was $3.14 billion, and the unused warehouse capacity totaled $1.31 billion.  Of the combined warehouse 

36

facility limit, $1.30 billion will expire in August 2018, $140.0 million will expire in September 2018 and $1.70 billion will expire 
in February 2019.  See Notes 2(F) and 11 for additional information on the warehouse facilities. 

The agreements related to the warehouse facilities include various representations and warranties, covenants and performance 
triggers.  If these requirements are not met, we could be unable to continue to fund receivables through the warehouse facilities.  In 
addition, warehouse facility investors could charge us a higher rate of interest and could have us replaced as servicer.  Further, we 
could be required to deposit collections on the related receivables with the warehouse facility agents on a daily basis and deliver 
executed lockbox agreements to the warehouse facility agents.

We expect that adjusted net cash provided by operations, borrowings under existing, new or expanded credit facilities and other 
funding arrangements will be sufficient to fund CAF, capital expenditures, repurchases of stock and working capital for the 
foreseeable future.  We anticipate that we will be able to enter into new, or renew or expand existing, funding arrangements to 
meet our future funding needs.  However, based on conditions in the credit markets, the cost for these arrangements could be 
materially higher than historical levels and the timing and capacity of these transactions could be dictated by market availability 
rather than our requirements.

The timing and amount of stock repurchases are determined based on share price, market conditions, legal requirements and other 
factors.  Shares repurchased are deemed authorized but unissued shares of common stock.  As of February 28, 2018, a total of 
$2.75 billion of board authorizations for repurchases were outstanding, with no expiration date.  At that date, $1.02 billion remained 
available for repurchase.  See Note 12 for more information on share repurchase activity.

Fair Value Measurements.  We recognize money market securities, mutual fund investments and derivative instruments at fair 
value.  See Note 6 for more information on fair value measurements.
 
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS (1) 

 

As of February 28, 2018

 
(In millions)
Short-term debt
Long-term debt
Interest on debt (2)
Finance and capital leases (3)
Operating leases (3) 
Purchase obligations (4) 
Defined benefit retirement plans (5) 
Unrecognized tax benefits (6) 
Total

$

$

 

Total

Less Than

1 Year

1 to 3
Years

3 to 5
Years

More Than

5 Years

 

Other

0.1
997.5
181.8
1,080.2
848.2
175.0
85.1
25.9
3,393.8

$

$

0.1
—
20.7
52.1
51.8
78.8
0.5
—
204.0

$

— $

497.5
41.5
99.0
98.1
51.8
—
—
787.9

$

$

— $
—
41.5
97.5
86.4
38.1
—
—
263.5

$

— $

500.0
78.1
831.6
611.9
6.3
—
—
2,027.9

$

—
—
—
—
—
—
84.6
25.9
110.5

 

(1)  This table excludes the non-recourse notes payable that relate to auto loan receivables funded through asset-backed term funding transactions 
and our warehouse facilities.  These receivables can only be used as collateral to settle obligations of these vehicles.  In addition, the 
investors in the non-recourse notes payable have no recourse to our assets beyond the related receivables, the amounts on deposit in reserve 
accounts and the restricted cash from collections on auto loan receivables.  See Note 2(F) and 11.

(2)  Represents interest payments to be made on our fixed-rate senior notes.  Due to the uncertainty of forecasting expected variable interest 

rate payments associated with our revolving credit facility and term loan, such amounts are not included in the table.  See Note 11.

(3)  Excludes taxes, insurance and other costs payable directly by us.  These costs vary from year to year and are incurred in the ordinary course 

of business.  See Note 15.
Includes  certain  enforceable  and  legally  binding  obligations  related  to  real  estate  purchases,  third-party  outsourcing  services  and 
advertising.  Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable at any time without penalty. See Note 17(B).

(5)  Represents the recognized funded status of our retirement plans, of which $84.6 million has no contractual payment schedule and we expect 

(4) 

payments to occur beyond 12 months from February 28, 2018.  See Note 10.

(6)  Represents the net unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions.  The timing of payments associated with these tax benefits 

could not be estimated as of February 28, 2018.  See Note 9.

37

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

Interest Rate Exposure - Non-Recourse Notes Payable
As of February 28, 2018 and 2017, all loans in our portfolio of managed receivables were fixed-rate installment contracts.  Financing 
for these receivables was achieved primarily through non-recourse funding vehicles that, in turn, issued both fixed- and variable-
rate notes.  Non-recourse funding vehicles include warehouse facilities and asset-backed term funding transactions.  

Borrowings under our warehouse facilities are variable-rate debt and are secured by auto loan receivables.  The receivables are 
funded through the warehouse facilities until we elect to fund them through an asset-backed term funding transaction, which issue 
notes payable that accrue interest predominantly at fixed rates.  

Interest rate risk related to variable-rate debt is primarily mitigated by entering into derivative instruments.  Our derivative 
instruments are used to manage differences in the amount of our known or expected cash receipts and our known or expected cash 
payments principally related to the funding of our auto loan receivables.  Disruptions in the credit markets could impact the 
effectiveness of our hedging strategies.  Generally, changes in interest rates associated with underlying swaps will not have a 
material impact on earnings; however, they could have a material impact on cash and cash flows.

Absent any additional actions by the company to further mitigate risk, a 100-basis point increase in market interest rates associated 
with non-recourse funding vehicles would have decreased our fiscal 2018 net earnings per share by approximately $0.06.

Credit risk is the exposure to nonperformance of another party to an agreement.  We mitigate credit risk by dealing with highly 
rated bank counterparties.  The market and credit risks associated with derivative instruments are similar to those relating to other 
types of financial instruments.  See Notes 5 and 6 for additional information on derivative instruments and hedging activities.

COMPOSITION OF NON-RECOURSE NOTES PAYABLE
 
(In millions)
Fixed-rate
Variable-rate (1)
Total

$

$

As of February 28
2018
2017
9,367.4
8,795.7
2,277.2
1,946.7
11,644.6
10,742.4

$

$

 

 

(1)  Variable-rate debt includes borrowings under our warehouse facilities as well as the variable portion of borrowings under our asset-backed 

term funding transactions.  See Note 11.

Interest Rate Exposure - Other Debt
We have interest rate risk from changing interest rates related to borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  We also have 
interest rate risk from changing interest rates related to borrowings under our term loan; however, a portion of the variable-rate 
risk is mitigated by a derivative instrument.  Substantially all of these borrowings are variable-rate debt based on LIBOR.  A 100-
basis point increase in market interest rates would have decreased our fiscal 2018 net earnings per share by less than $0.01.  

Other Market Exposures
Our pension plan has interest rate risk related to its projected benefit obligation (PBO).  Due to the relatively young overall age 
of the plan’s participants, a 100-basis point change in the discount rate has approximately a 20% effect on the PBO balance.  A 
100-basis point decrease in the discount rate would have decreased our fiscal 2018 net earnings per share by less than $0.01.  See 
Note 10 for more information on our benefit plans.
 
As our cash-settled restricted stock units are liability awards, the related compensation expense is sensitive to changes in the 
company’s stock price.  The mark-to-market effect on the liability depends on each award’s grant price and previously recognized 
expense.  At February 28, 2018, a $1.00 change in the company’s stock price would have affected fiscal 2018 net earnings per 
share by less than $0.01.

38

Item 8.  Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  for  the 
company.  Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect 
misstatements.  Accordingly,  even  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  can  provide  only  reasonable  assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework 
and criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of the Treadway Commission.  Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial 
reporting was effective as of February 28, 2018.

KPMG LLP, the company’s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on our internal control over financial 
reporting.  Their report is included herein. 

WILLIAM D. NASH
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 

THOMAS W. REEDY
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

39

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

 
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
CarMax, Inc.:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CarMax, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of February 
28, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows 
for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 28, 2018, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial 
statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2018, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission.  

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position 
of the Company as of February 28, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the 
three-year period ended February 28, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, 
the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2018, based 
on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of the Treadway Commission.

Basis for Opinions 
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control 
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the 
accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether 
due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. 
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, 
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial 
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits 
also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits 
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain 
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the financial statements.

40

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1996. 

Richmond, Virginia
April 24, 2018 

41

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS

 

 
(In thousands except per share data)
SALES AND OPERATING REVENUES:
Used vehicle sales
Wholesale vehicle sales
Other sales and revenues
NET SALES AND OPERATING REVENUES
COST OF SALES:
Used vehicle cost of sales
Wholesale vehicle cost of sales
Other cost of sales
TOTAL COST OF SALES
GROSS PROFIT 
CARMAX AUTO FINANCE INCOME 
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Interest expense
Other (income) expense
Earnings before income taxes
Income tax provision
NET EARNINGS 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES:
Basic
Diluted
NET EARNINGS PER SHARE:
Basic
Diluted

$

$

$
$

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

% (1)

2017

% (1)

2016

 

14,392,360
2,181,156
546,693
17,120,209

12,824,741
1,788,704
177,905
14,791,350
2,328,859
421,182
1,617,051
70,745
(1,363)
1,063,608
399,496
664,112

182,660
184,470

 

 

3.64
3.60

 
 

 

 
$

84.1
12.7
3.2
100.0

74.9
10.4
1.0
86.4
13.6
2.5
9.4
0.4
—
6.2
2.3
3.9

 
 
 
 

$

$
$

13,270,662
2,082,464
521,992
15,875,118

11,818,951
1,719,821
153,052
13,691,824
2,183,294
368,984
1,488,504
56,416
953
1,006,405
379,435
626,970

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

190,343
192,215

3.29
3.26

 

 
$

83.6
13.1
3.3
100.0

74.4
10.8
1.0
86.2
13.8
2.3
9.4
0.4
—
6.3
2.4
3.9

 

$

$
$

12,439,401
2,188,267
522,007
15,149,675

11,100,763
1,800,167
229,985
13,130,915
2,018,760
392,036
1,351,935
36,358
12,559
1,009,944
386,516
623,428

203,275
205,540

 

 

3.07
3.03

 
 

% (1)

 

82.1
14.4
3.4
100.0

73.3
11.9
1.5
86.7
13.3
2.6
8.9
0.2
0.1
6.7
2.6
4.1

 
 
 
 

(1)     Percents are calculated as a percentage of net sales and operating revenues and may not total due to rounding.

 

 
 
 

 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

42

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

 
(In thousands)
NET EARNINGS
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes:

Net change in retirement benefit plan unrecognized actuarial losses
Net change in cash flow hedge unrecognized gains

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

664,112

(1,371)
14,194
12,823
676,935

$
 

$

2017

626,970

949
12,692
13,641
640,611

$
 

$

2016

623,428

2,750
(7,555)
(4,805)
618,623

$
 

$

 
 
 

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

43

As of February 28
2017
2018

 
 

 
 

$

44,525
399,442
133,321
2,390,694
93,462
3,061,444
11,535,704
2,667,061
63,256
158,807
$ 17,486,272

529,733
278,771
—
127
9,994
355,433
1,174,058
995,479
490,369
11,266,964
242,553
14,169,423

$

 

$

38,416
380,353
152,388
2,260,563
41,910
2,873,630
10,596,076
2,518,393
150,962
140,295
$ 16,279,356
 
 
$

494,989
266,128
1,404
62
9,491
333,713
1,105,787
952,562
486,645
10,387,231
238,551
13,170,776

 
 

 

89,874
1,234,047
(54,312)
2,047,240
3,316,849
$ 17,486,272

93,274
1,188,578
(56,555)
1,883,283
3,108,580
$ 16,279,356

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

 

(In thousands except share data)
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents
Restricted cash from collections on auto loan receivables
Accounts receivable, net
Inventory
Other current assets
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
Auto loan receivables, net
Property and equipment, net
Deferred income taxes
Other assets
TOTAL ASSETS 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Accrued income taxes
Short-term debt
Current portion of finance and capital lease obligations
Current portion of non-recourse notes payable
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
Long-term debt, excluding current portion
Finance and capital lease obligations, excluding current portion
Non-recourse notes payable, excluding current portion
Other liabilities
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
Commitments and contingent liabilities
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:
Common stock, $0.50 par value; 350,000,000 shares authorized; 179,747,894 and
186,548,602 shares issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2018 and 2017, respectively
Capital in excess of par value
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Retained earnings
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 
 

 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

44

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

$
 

$
 

664,112

179,942
61,879
137,591
62,749
81,007
1,298

$
 

626,970

168,875
91,595
150,598
64,120
2,324
4,169

623,428

137,360
51,077
101,199
77,118
17,237
13,136

19,067
(130,131)
(34,620)
(1,077,219)
(2,361)

(20,217)
(328,534)
(2,781)
(1,209,782)
143

5,519
154,845
15,229
(1,202,587)
(160)

38,286
(82,150)
(80,550)

(296,816)
97
(19,089)
(22,343)
18,321
(8,649)
1,692
(326,787)

74,579
(77,370)
(455,311)

(418,144)
1,229
(36,524)
(17,390)
11,250
(6,724)
730
(465,573)

(23,051)
(87,107)
(116,757)

(315,584)
1,542
(49,707)
(12,264)
8,357
(11,463)
324
(378,795)

65
4,203,150
(4,160,650)
(16,261)
(8,997)
10,198,962
(9,296,773)
(579,570)
73,520
413,446
6,109
38,416
44,525

$

(366)
2,974,600
(2,734,600)
(17,118)
(10,817)
9,610,035
(8,395,360)
(564,337)
59,869
921,906
1,022
37,394
38,416

(357)
2,057,100
(1,652,100)
(3,104)
(16,417)
9,553,805
(8,496,684)
(983,941)
47,038
505,340
9,788
27,606
37,394

$

$

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

\

 
(In thousands)
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net earnings
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash used in operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
Share-based compensation expense
Provision for loan losses
Provision for cancellation reserves
Deferred income tax provision
Other
Net decrease (increase) in:
Accounts receivable, net
Inventory
Other current assets
Auto loan receivables, net
Other assets
Net increase (decrease) in:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
  current liabilities and accrued income taxes
Other liabilities

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES
INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Capital expenditures
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment
Increase in restricted cash from collections on auto loan receivables
Increase in restricted cash in reserve accounts
Release of restricted cash from reserve accounts
Purchases of investments
Sales of investments
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Increase (decrease) in short-term debt, net
Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt
Payments on long-term debt
Cash paid for debt issuance costs
Payments on finance and capital lease obligations
Issuances of non-recourse notes payable
Payments on non-recourse notes payable
Repurchase and retirement of common stock
Equity issuances
NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

45

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

 
 
 
(In thousands)
Balance as of February 28, 2015

Net earnings
Other comprehensive loss
Share-based compensation expense
Repurchases of common stock
Exercise of common stock options
Stock incentive plans, net shares

issued

Tax effect from the exercise/vesting

of equity awards

Balance as of February 29, 2016

Net earnings
Other comprehensive income
Share-based compensation expense
Repurchases of common stock
Exercise of common stock options
Stock incentive plans, net shares

issued

Tax effect from the exercise/vesting

of equity awards

Balance as of February 28, 2017

Net earnings
Other comprehensive income
Share-based compensation expense
Repurchases of common stock
Exercise of common stock options
Stock incentive plans, net shares

issued

Adoption of ASU 2018-02

Balance as of February 28, 2018

 

Common
Shares

Outstanding
208,870
—
—
—
(16,300)
1,711

$

 
 

Common

Stock

104,435
—
—
—
(8,150)
855

$

 

Capital in
Excess of
Par Value
1,123,520
—
—
39,164
(92,452)
46,183

 
 

Retained
Earnings

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Loss

 
 
 

Total

$

$

1,994,221
623,428
—
—
(870,845)
—

(65,391) $ 3,156,785
623,428
(4,805)
39,164
(971,447)
47,038

—
(4,805)
—
—
—

431

216

(17,477)

—

—

(17,261)

—
194,712
—
—
—
(10,262)
1,887

212

—
186,549
—
—
—
(8,897)
1,866

230
—
179,748

$

—
97,356
—
—
—
(5,131)
943

106

—
93,274
—
—
—
(4,448)
933

115
—
89,874

$

31,884
1,130,822
—
—
53,356
(62,160)
58,926

(4,619)

12,253
1,188,578
—
—
38,340
(58,455)
72,587

(7,003)
—
1,234,047

$

—
1,746,804
626,970
—
—
(490,491)
—

—

—
1,883,283
664,112
—
—
(510,735)
—

—
10,580
2,047,240

—
(70,196)
—
13,641
—
—
—

31,884
2,904,786
626,970
13,641
53,356
(557,782)
59,869

—

(4,513)

—
(56,555)
—
12,823
—
—
—

12,253
3,108,580
664,112
12,823
38,340
(573,638)
73,520

(6,888)
—
(10,580)
—
(54,312) $ 3,316,849

$

 
 
 

 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

46

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  BUSINESS AND BACKGROUND
 
CarMax, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “CarMax” and “the company”), including its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the largest retailer 
of used vehicles in the United States.  We operate in two reportable segments:  CarMax Sales Operations and CarMax Auto Finance 
(“CAF”).  Our  CarMax  Sales  Operations  segment  consists  of  all  aspects  of  our  auto  merchandising  and  service  operations, 
excluding financing provided by CAF.  Our CAF segment consists solely of our own finance operation that provides financing to 
customers buying retail vehicles from CarMax.

We deliver an unrivaled customer experience by offering a broad selection of high quality used vehicles and related products and 
services at low, no-haggle prices using a customer-friendly sales process in an attractive, modern sales facility, as well as through 
carmax.com and our mobile apps.  We provide customers with a range of related products and services, including the appraisal 
and purchase of vehicles directly from consumers; the financing of retail vehicle purchases through CAF and third-party finance 
providers; the sale of extended protection plan (“EPP”) products, which include extended service plans (“ESPs”) and guaranteed 
asset protection (“GAP”); and vehicle repair service.  Vehicles purchased through the appraisal process that do not meet our retail 
standards are sold to licensed dealers through on-site wholesale auctions.  
 
2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(A)  Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates
The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  accounts  of  CarMax  and  our  wholly  owned  subsidiaries.  All  significant 
intercompany  balances  and  transactions  have  been  eliminated  in  consolidation.  The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in 
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions 
that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities,  revenues  and  expenses  and  the  disclosure  of  contingent  assets  and 
liabilities.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 
current year’s presentation.  Amounts and percentages may not total due to rounding.  

In connection with our adoption of the Financial Accounting Standards Board's (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 
2016-09 during the current fiscal year, cash flows related to excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements are now 
classified as operating activities, rather than financing activities, in the consolidated statements of cash flows.  Prior period amounts 
have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation.  Additionally, excess tax benefits previously included within 
capital in excess of par value in the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity are now recognized directly in income tax 
expense.

In connection with our adoption of the FASB’s ASU 2018-02 during the current fiscal year, we elected to reclassify the income 
tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“2017 Tax Act”) stranded in accumulated other comprehensive loss (“AOCL”) 
to retained earnings in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity as of February 28, 2018.  See further discussion at Note 
2(X). 
 
(B)  Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less and are not significant to 
the consolidated balance sheets as of February 28, 2018 and 2017.
 
(C)  Restricted Cash from Collections on Auto Loan Receivables
Cash equivalents totaling $399.4 million as of February 28, 2018, and $380.4 million as of February 28, 2017, consisted of 
collections of principal, interest and fee payments on auto loan receivables that are restricted for payment to holders of non-
recourse notes payable pursuant to the applicable agreements.

(D)  Marketable Securities
The company classifies its marketable securities as trading.  These securities consisted primarily of mutual funds reported at fair 
value, as well as investments in equity securities that are reported at cost less any impairment.   Gains and losses on these securities 
are reflected as a component of other expense.  
 
(E)  Accounts Receivable, Net
Accounts receivable, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, includes certain amounts due from third-party finance providers 
and  customers  and  other  miscellaneous  receivables.  The  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  is  estimated  based  on  historical 
experience and trends.

47

(F)  Financing and Securitization Transactions
We maintain a revolving funding program composed of three warehouse facilities (“warehouse facilities”) that we use to fund 
auto loan receivables originated by CAF.  We typically elect to fund these receivables through an asset-backed term funding 
transaction, such as a term securitization or alternative funding arrangement, at a later date.  We sell the auto loan receivables to 
one of three wholly owned, bankruptcy-remote, special purpose entities that transfer an undivided percentage ownership interest 
in the receivables, but not the receivables themselves, to entities formed by third-party investors.  These entities issue asset-backed 
commercial paper or utilize other funding sources supported by the transferred receivables, and the proceeds are used to finance 
the related receivables.

We typically use term securitizations to provide long-term funding for most of the auto loan receivables initially funded through 
the warehouse facilities.  In these transactions, a pool of auto loan receivables is sold to a bankruptcy-remote, special purpose 
entity that, in turn, transfers the receivables to a special purpose securitization trust.  The securitization trust issues asset-backed 
securities, secured or otherwise supported by the transferred receivables, and the proceeds from the sale of the asset-backed 
securities are used to finance the securitized receivables.
 
We are required to evaluate term securitization trusts for consolidation.  In our capacity as servicer, we have the power to direct 
the activities of the trusts that most significantly impact the economic performance of the trusts.  In addition, we have the obligation 
to absorb losses (subject to limitations) and the rights to receive any returns of the trusts, which could be significant.  Accordingly, 
we are the primary beneficiary of the trusts and are required to consolidate them.
 
We recognize transfers of auto loan receivables into the warehouse facilities and asset-backed term funding transactions, including 
term securitizations (together, “non-recourse funding vehicles”), as secured borrowings, which result in recording the auto loan 
receivables and the related non-recourse notes payable on our consolidated balance sheets.
 
These receivables can only be used as collateral to settle obligations of the related non-recourse funding vehicles.  The non-recourse 
funding vehicles and investors have no recourse to our assets beyond the related receivables, the amounts on deposit in reserve 
accounts and the restricted cash from collections on auto loan receivables.  We have not provided financial or other support to the 
non-recourse funding vehicles that was not previously contractually required, and there are no additional arrangements, guarantees 
or other commitments that could require us to provide financial support to the non-recourse funding vehicles.
 
See Notes 4 and 11 for additional information on auto loan receivables and non-recourse notes payable.
 
(G) Inventory
Inventory is primarily comprised of vehicles held for sale or currently undergoing reconditioning and is stated at the lower of cost 
or net realizable value (“NRV”).  Vehicle inventory cost is determined by specific identification.  Parts, labor and overhead costs 
associated with reconditioning vehicles, as well as transportation and other incremental expenses associated with acquiring and 
reconditioning vehicles, are included in inventory.
 
(H) Auto Loan Receivables, Net
Auto loan receivables include amounts due from customers related to retail vehicle sales financed through CAF.  The receivables 
are presented net of an allowance for estimated loan losses.  The allowance for loan losses represents an estimate of the amount 
of net losses inherent in our portfolio of managed receivables as of the applicable reporting date and expected to become evident 
during the following 12 months.  The allowance for loan losses is primarily based on the composition of the portfolio of managed 
receivables, historical loss trends and forecasted forward loss curves.  For receivables that have less than 12 months of performance 
history, the estimate also takes into account the credit grades of the receivables and historical losses by credit grade to supplement 
actual loss data in estimating future performance.  Once the receivables have 12 months of performance history, the estimate 
reflects actual loss experience of those receivables to date along with forward loss curves to predict future performance.  The 
forward loss curves are constructed using historical performance data and show the average timing of losses over the course of a 
receivable’s life. 

We also consider recent trends in delinquencies and defaults, recovery rates and the economic environment in assessing the models 
used in estimating the allowance for loan losses, and may adjust the allowance for loan losses to reflect factors that may not be 
captured in the models.  In addition, we periodically consider whether the use of additional metrics would result in improved 
model performance and revise the models when appropriate.  The provision for loan losses is the periodic expense of maintaining 
an adequate allowance.
 
An account is considered delinquent when the related customer fails to make a substantial portion of a scheduled payment on or 
before the due date.  In general, accounts are charged-off on the last business day of the month during which the earliest of the 
following occurs:  the receivable is 120 days or more delinquent as of the last business day of the month, the related vehicle is 

48

repossessed and liquidated, or the receivable is otherwise deemed uncollectible.  For purposes of determining impairment, auto 
loans are evaluated collectively, as they represent a large group of smaller-balance homogeneous loans, and therefore, are not 
individually evaluated for impairment.  See Note 4 for additional information on auto loan receivables.
 
Interest income and expenses related to auto loans are included in CAF income.  Interest income on auto loan receivables is 
recognized when earned based on contractual loan terms.  All loans continue to accrue interest until repayment or charge-off.  Direct 
costs associated with loan originations are not considered material, and thus, are expensed as incurred.  See Note 3 for additional 
information on CAF income.

(I)  Property and Equipment
Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization are 
calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the asset’s estimated useful life or the lease term, if applicable.  Costs 
incurred during new store construction are capitalized as construction-in-progress and reclassified to the appropriate fixed asset 
categories when the store is completed.
 
Estimated Useful Lives
 
Buildings
Leasehold improvements
Furniture, fixtures and equipment

25 years
15 years

3 – 15 years

Life

 
We review long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset 
may not be recoverable.  We recognize impairment when the sum of undiscounted estimated future cash flows expected to result 
from the use of the asset is less than the carrying value of the asset.  See Note 7 for additional information on property and 
equipment.
 
(J)  Other Assets
Restricted Cash on Deposit in Reserve Accounts.  The restricted cash on deposit in reserve accounts is for the benefit of holders 
of non-recourse notes payable, and these funds are not expected to be available to the company or its creditors.  In the event that 
the cash generated by the related receivables in a given period was insufficient to pay the interest, principal and other required 
payments, the balances on deposit in the reserve accounts would be used to pay those amounts.  Restricted cash on deposit in 
reserve accounts is invested in money market securities or bank deposit accounts and was $56.8 million as of February 28, 2018
and $52.8 million as of February 28, 2017.
 
Other Investments.  Other investments includes restricted money market securities primarily held to satisfy certain insurance 
program requirements, investments held in a rabbi trust established to fund informally our executive deferred compensation plan 
and investments in equity securities.  Other investments totaled $80.9 million as of February 28, 2018 and $70.8 million as of 
February 28, 2017.
 
(K) Finance Lease Obligations
We generally account for sale-leaseback transactions as financings.  Accordingly, we record certain of the assets subject to these 
transactions  on  our  consolidated  balance  sheets  in  property  and  equipment  and  the  related  sales  proceeds  as  finance  lease 
obligations.  Depreciation is recognized on the assets over their estimated useful lives, generally 25 years.  A portion of the periodic 
lease payments is recognized as interest expense and the remainder reduces the obligation.  In the event the leases are modified 
or extended beyond their original lease term, the related finance lease obligation is increased based on the present value of the 
revised future minimum lease payments on the date of the modification, with a corresponding increase to the net carrying amount 
of the assets subject to these transactions.  See Notes 11 and 15 for additional information on finance lease obligations.
 
(L)  Accrued Expenses
As of February 28, 2018 and 2017, accrued expenses and other current liabilities included accrued compensation and benefits of 
$148.6  million  and  $140.0  million,  respectively;  loss  reserves  for  general  liability  and  workers’  compensation  insurance  of 
$36.5 million and $35.0 million, respectively; and the current portion of cancellation reserves. See Note 8 for additional information 
on cancellation reserves.
 

49

(M) Defined Benefit Plan Obligations
The recognized funded status of defined benefit retirement plan obligations is included both in accrued expenses and other current 
liabilities and in other liabilities.  The current portion represents benefits expected to be paid from our benefit restoration plan 
over  the  next  12  months.  The  defined  benefit  retirement  plan  obligations  are  determined  using  a  number  of  actuarial 
assumptions.  Key assumptions used in measuring the plan obligations include the discount rate, rate of return on plan assets and 
mortality rate.  See Note 10 for additional information on our benefit plans.
 
(N)  Insurance Liabilities
Insurance liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities.  We use a combination of insurance and self-
insurance for a number of risks including workers’ compensation, general liability and employee-related health care costs, a portion 
of  which  is  paid  by  associates.  Estimated  insurance  liabilities  are  determined  by  considering  historical  claims  experience, 
demographic factors and other actuarial assumptions.
 
(O) Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue when the earnings process is complete, generally either at the time of sale to a customer or upon delivery 
to a customer.  As part of our customer service strategy, we guarantee the retail vehicles we sell with a 5-day, money-back 
guarantee.  We record a reserve for estimated returns based on historical experience and trends.

We also sell ESP and GAP products on behalf of unrelated third parties, who are the primary obligors, to customers who purchase 
a retail vehicle.  The ESPs we currently offer on all used vehicles provide coverage up to 60 months (subject to mileage limitations), 
while GAP covers the customer for the term of their finance contract.  We recognize revenue, on a net basis, at the time of sale.  
We also record a reserve for estimated contract cancellations.  Periodically, we may receive retrospective commissions based upon 
the performance of the policies administered by the third parties.  These additional amounts are recognized as revenue when 
received.  The reserve for cancellations is evaluated for each product and is based on forecasted forward cancellation curves 
utilizing historical experience, recent trends and credit mix of the customer base.  Our risk related to contract cancellations is 
limited to the revenue that we receive.  Cancellations fluctuate depending on the volume of EPP sales, customer financing default 
or prepayment rates, and shifts in customer behavior, including those related to changes in the coverage or term of the product.  The 
current portion of estimated cancellation reserves is recognized as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
with the remaining amount recognized in other liabilities.  See Note 8 for additional information on cancellation reserves.
 
Customers applying for financing who are not approved or are conditionally approved by CAF are generally evaluated by other 
third-party finance providers.  These providers generally either pay us or are paid a fixed, pre-negotiated fee per contract.  We 
recognize these fees at the time of sale.
 
We collect sales taxes and other taxes from customers on behalf of governmental authorities at the time of sale.  These taxes are 
accounted for on a net basis and are not included in net sales and operating revenues or cost of sales.
 
(P)  Cost of Sales
Cost of sales includes the cost to acquire vehicles and the reconditioning and transportation costs associated with preparing the 
vehicles for resale.  It also includes payroll, fringe benefits and parts, labor and overhead costs associated with reconditioning and 
vehicle repair services.  The gross profit earned by our service department for used vehicle reconditioning service is a reduction 
of cost of sales.  We maintain a reserve to eliminate the internal profit on vehicles that have not been sold. 
 
(Q) Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses primarily include compensation and benefits, other than payroll related 
to reconditioning and vehicle repair services; depreciation, rent and other occupancy costs; advertising; and IT expenses, insurance, 
bad debt, travel, preopening and relocation costs, charitable contributions and other administrative expenses.
 
(R)  Advertising Expenses
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and substantially all are included in SG&A expenses.  Total advertising expenses were 
$158.6 million in fiscal 2018, $146.0 million in fiscal 2017 and $142.2 million in fiscal 2016.
 
(S)  Store Opening Expenses
Costs related to store openings, including preopening costs, are expensed as incurred and are included in SG&A expenses.
 
(T)  Share-Based Compensation
Share-based compensation represents the cost related to share-based awards granted to employees and non-employee directors.  We 
measure share-based compensation cost at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and we recognize the 
cost on a straight-line basis (net of estimated forfeitures) over the grantee’s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting 

50

period of the award.  We estimate the fair value of stock options using a binomial valuation model.  Key assumptions used in 
estimating the fair value of options are dividend yield, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected term.  The fair values 
of restricted stock and stock-settled performance stock units are based on the volume-weighted average market value on the date 
of the grant.  The fair value of stock-settled restricted stock units is determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation based on the 
expected market price of our common stock on the vesting date and the expected number of converted common shares.  Cash-
settled restricted stock units are liability awards with fair value measurement based on the market price of CarMax common stock 
as of the end of each reporting period.  Share-based compensation expense is recorded in either cost of sales, CAF income or 
SG&A expenses based on the recipients’ respective function.
 
We record deferred tax assets for awards that result in deductions on our income tax returns, based on the amount of compensation 
expense recognized and the statutory tax rate in the jurisdiction in which we will receive a deduction.  Differences between the 
deferred tax assets recognized for financial reporting purposes and the actual tax deduction reported on the income tax return are 
recorded in income tax expense.  See Note 12 for additional information on stock-based compensation.

(U)  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
We enter into derivative instruments to manage certain risks arising from both our business operations and economic conditions 
that result in the future known receipt or payment of uncertain cash amounts, the values of which are impacted by interest rates.  We 
recognize the derivatives at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets, and where applicable, such contracts covered by master 
netting agreements are reported net.  Gross positive fair values are netted with gross negative fair values by counterparty.  The 
accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have elected to 
designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied 
the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting.  We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge 
certain risks, even though hedge accounting may not apply or we do not elect to apply hedge accounting.  See Note 5 for additional 
information on derivative instruments and hedging activities.
 
(V)  Income Taxes
We file a consolidated federal income tax return for a majority of our subsidiaries.  Certain subsidiaries are required to file separate 
partnership or corporate federal income tax returns.  Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between 
the amounts of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts recognized for income tax 
purposes, measured by applying currently enacted tax laws.  A deferred tax asset is recognized if it is more likely than not that a 
benefit will be realized.  Changes in tax laws and tax rates are reflected in the income tax provision in the period in which the 
changes are enacted.  We evaluate the need to record valuation allowances that would reduce deferred tax assets to the amount 
that will more likely than not be realized.  When assessing the need for valuation allowances, we consider available loss carrybacks, 
tax planning strategies, future reversals of existing temporary differences and future taxable income.  
 
We recognize tax liabilities when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that certain positions 
may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities.  Benefits from tax positions are measured at the highest tax benefit that 
is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement.  The current portion of these tax liabilities is included in accrued 
income taxes and any noncurrent portion is included in other liabilities.  To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters 
is different from the amounts recorded, the differences impact income tax expense in the period in which the determination is 
made.  Interest and penalties related to income tax matters are included in SG&A expenses.  See Note 9 for additional information 
on income taxes.
 
(W) Net Earnings Per Share
Basic net earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings available for basic common shares by the weighted average 
number of shares of common stock outstanding.  Diluted net earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings available 
for diluted common shares by the sum of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding and dilutive 
potential common stock.  Diluted net earnings per share is calculated using the “if-converted” treasury stock method.  See Note 
13 for additional information on net earnings per share. 
 
(X)  Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Adopted in the Current Period.  
In July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2015-11), which simplifies the subsequent measurement 
of inventory by replacing the lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost or NRV test.  NRV is calculated as the estimated 
selling price less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.  We adopted this pronouncement for our 
fiscal year beginning March 1, 2017, and it did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2016-09) related to simplifications of employee 
share-based payment accounting.  This pronouncement eliminates the APIC pool concept and requires that excess tax benefits 

51

and tax deficiencies be recorded in the income statement when awards are settled.  The standard also addresses simplifications 
related to statement of cash flows classification, accounting for forfeitures, and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements.  
We adopted this pronouncement for our fiscal year beginning March 1, 2017.  The requirements related to the tax consequences 
of share-based payments were applied prospectively and resulted in $13.8 million recorded as a reduction to the income tax 
provision, rather than as a component of capital in excess of par value, during the year ended February 28, 2018.  The provisions 
related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on the consolidated statements of cash flows were applied retrospectively, resulting 
in an increase in cash provided by operating activities and a decrease in cash provided by financing activities of $12.8 million and 
$32.1 million for the years ended February 28, 2017 and February 29, 2016, respectively.  We elected to continue estimating 
forfeitures of share-based awards, and none of the other provisions of the pronouncement had a material effect on our consolidated 
financial statements.

In January 2017, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2017-04) related to goodwill impairment. The 
pronouncement simplifies how an entity tests goodwill for impairment by eliminating the Step 2 requirement to compute the 
implied fair value of goodwill at the impairment testing date. The entity should compare the fair value of a reporting unit with its 
carrying amount and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s 
fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.  We early adopted this pronouncement for 
our annual goodwill impairment test for fiscal 2018 and it did not have an effect on our consolidated financial statements.

In February 2018, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2018-02) related to income tax effects stranded 
in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) resulting from the 2017 Tax Act.  This ASU provides companies the option 
to reclassify these amounts from AOCI to retained earnings and also requires new disclosures.  We early adopted this pronouncement 
for our fourth quarter of fiscal 2018.  The stranded income tax effects related to the 2017 Tax Act have been reclassified to retained 
earnings in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity as of February 28, 2018.  See Note 9 for additional information.

In March 2018, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2018-05), which included amendments to SEC 
paragraphs pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (“SAB 118”).  The pronouncement addresses certain circumstances 
that may arise for registrants in accounting for the income tax effects of the 2017 Tax Act, including when certain income tax 
effects of the Act are incomplete by the time financial statements are issued.  We have complied with the amendments related to 
SAB 118, as discussed further in Note 9. 

Effective in Future Periods.  
In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2014-09) related to revenue recognition.  This ASU, 
along  with  subsequent ASUs  issued  to  clarify  certain  provisions  and  the  effective  date  of ASU  2014-09,  provides  a  single, 
comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers.  The standard contains principles that an entity will 
apply to determine the measurement of revenue and the timing of when it is recognized.  The entity will recognize revenue to 
reflect the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those 
goods or services.  This standard will become effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning 
after December 15, 2017.  We will adopt this standard for our fiscal year beginning March 1, 2018 and plan to apply the modified 
retrospective transition method with a cumulative effect adjustment, if any, recognized at the date of adoption.

We primarily sell products and recognize revenue at the point of sale or delivery to customers, at which point the earnings process 
is deemed to be complete.  Our performance obligations are clearly identifiable and we do not anticipate significant changes to 
the assessment of such performance obligations, conclusions related to revenue that is currently recognized on a net basis, or the 
timing of our revenue recognition, with the exception of certain retrospective commissions earned on the ESP contracts we sell.  
A portion of the transaction price related to these contracts is considered variable consideration, which may be subject to accelerated 
recognition under the new standard.  This variable consideration is required to be estimated, subject to certain constraints, in 
determining amounts to be recognized.  We are in the process of finalizing our analysis of this variable consideration, which may 
result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of March 1, 2018.  We do not expect any such adjustment to be 
material to our consolidated balance sheets.  In addition, the standard will require us to present our reserve for estimated sales 
returns on a gross basis on our consolidated balance sheets, with a return asset and a corresponding refund liability.  Currently this 
reserve is presented as a net liability.  This change will result in an estimated $10 million to $15 million increase to both assets 
and liabilities.  

The standard will require additional financial statement disclosures, the effects of which we do not expect to be significant.  We 
do not expect any material impacts resulting from this standard other than those discussed herein.  Our primary business processes 
are consistent with the principles contained in the ASU, and we do not expect significant changes to those processes, our internal 
controls or systems. 

52

In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2016-01) related to financial instruments (FASB 
ASC Subtopic 825-10).  This pronouncement, along with FASB 2018-03 issued in February 2018, requires that most equity 
investments be measured at fair value, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in net earnings. The pronouncements also 
impact financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.  
The changes are effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017.  
We will adopt the pronouncements for our fiscal year beginning March 1, 2018, and we do not expect it to have a material effect 
on our consolidated financial statements.

In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2016-02) related to the accounting for leases.  This 
pronouncement, along with subsequent ASUs issued to clarify certain provisions of ASU 2016-02, requires lessees to record most 
leases on their balance sheet while also disclosing key information about those lease arrangements.  Under the new guidance, lease 
classification as either a finance lease or an operating lease will affect the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the 
income statement.  The classification criteria to distinguish between finance and operating leases are generally consistent with the 
classification  criteria  to  distinguish  between  capital  and  operating  leases  under  existing  lease  accounting  guidance.    This 
pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.   

We expect to adopt the new standard for our fiscal year beginning March 1, 2019.  A modified retrospective transition approach 
is required for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial 
statements, with practical expedients available for election as a package.  

We expect that this standard will have a material effect on our consolidated balance sheets as a result of recognizing new right-
of-use assets and lease liabilities for existing operating leases.  To date, we have not completed our comprehensive analysis of 
those leases and are unable to quantify the impact at this time.  We are still evaluating the impact of the standard on our sale-
leaseback transactions currently accounted for as direct financings.  We believe that the majority of our leases will maintain their 
current lease classification under the new standard.  As a result, we do not expect the new standard to have a material effect on 
our expense recognition pattern or, in turn, our consolidated statements of operations.  We are continuing to evaluate the full impact 
of the new standard, as well as its impacts on our business processes, systems, and internal controls.

In June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2016-13) related to the measurement of credit losses 
on financial instruments.  The pronouncement changes the impairment model for most financial assets, and will require the use 
of an “expected loss” model for instruments measured at amortized cost.  Under this model, entities will be required to estimate 
the lifetime expected credit loss on such instruments and record an allowance to offset the amortized cost basis of the financial 
asset, resulting in a net presentation of the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset.  This pronouncement is effective 
for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019.  We plan to adopt this 
pronouncement for our fiscal year beginning March 1, 2020.  We are currently evaluating the effect on our consolidated financial 
statements, as well as the impacts on our business processes, systems and internal controls, and expect that the standard will have 
a material impact on our calculation of the allowance for loan losses. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2016-15) related to the classification of certain cash 
receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows.  The pronouncement provides clarification guidance on eight specific 
cash flow presentation issues that have developed due to diversity in practice.  The issues include, but are not limited to, debt 
prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, and cash 
receipts from payments on beneficial interests in securitization transactions.  The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and 
for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  We plan to adopt 
this pronouncement for our fiscal year beginning March 1, 2018, and we do not expect it to have a material effect on our consolidated 
financial statements based on current operations.    

In October 2016, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2016-16) related to the income tax effects of intra-
entity transfers of assets other than inventory.  The pronouncement requires that entities recognize the income tax effects of intra-
entity transfers of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs.  Current GAAP prohibits the recognition of those tax effects 
until the asset has been sold to an outside party.  The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within 
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  We plan to adopt this pronouncement for 
our fiscal year beginning March 1, 2018, and we are in the process of completing our evaluation of the effect on our consolidated 
financial statements.    

In March 2017, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2017-07) related to net periodic pension cost and net 
periodic postretirement benefit cost. The standard provides guidance on the presentation of net benefit cost in an employer’s 
income statement and on the components eligible for capitalization. This pronouncement requires that an employer report the 
service cost component in the same line item(s) as other employee compensation costs arising from services rendered during the 

53

period, and report the other components of net benefit cost separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of 
operating income. Only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal 
years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The 
updated  presentation  of  net  benefit  cost  in  an  employer’s  income  statement  should  be  applied  retrospectively. The  updated 
capitalization of the service cost component should be applied prospectively. We will adopt this pronouncement for our interim 
periods and fiscal year beginning March 1, 2018, and we do not expect it to have a material effect on our consolidated financial 
statements.

In May 2017, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2017-09) to provide guidance on determining which 
changes to the terms or conditions of share-based payment awards require an entity to apply modification accounting under 
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718.  This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within 
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and is applied prospectively to changes in 
terms or conditions of awards occurring on or after the adoption date.  We plan to adopt this pronouncement for our fiscal year 
beginning March 1, 2018 and will consider the impact that this standard may have on future share-based payment award changes, 
should they occur.

In August 2017, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement (FASB ASU 2017-12) related to the accounting for derivatives 
and hedging.  The pronouncement expands and refines hedge accounting for both nonfinancial and financial risk components and 
aligns the recognition and presentation of the effects of the hedging instrument and the hedged item in the financial statements.  
It also includes certain targeted improvements to simplify the application of current guidance related to hedge accounting.  The 
pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, 
with early adoption permitted.  We are currently in the process of evaluating the effects of this pronouncement on our consolidated 
financial statements, including potential early adoption.

3.  CARMAX AUTO FINANCE
CAF provides financing to qualified retail customers purchasing vehicles from CarMax.  CAF provides us the opportunity to 
capture additional profits, cash flows and sales while managing our reliance on third-party finance sources.  Management regularly 
analyzes CAF’s operating results by assessing profitability, the performance of the auto loan receivables including trends in credit 
losses and delinquencies, and CAF direct expenses.  This information is used to assess CAF’s performance and make operating 
decisions including resource allocation. 

We typically use securitizations to fund loans originated by CAF, as discussed in Note 2(F).  CAF income primarily reflects the 
interest and fee income generated by the auto loan receivables less the interest expense associated with the debt issued to fund 
these receivables, a provision for estimated loan losses and direct CAF expenses.

CAF income does not include any allocation of indirect costs.  Although CAF benefits from certain indirect overhead expenditures, 
we have not allocated indirect costs to CAF to avoid making subjective allocation decisions.  Examples of indirect costs not 
allocated to CAF include retail store expenses and corporate expenses.  In addition, except for auto loan receivables, which are 
disclosed in Note 4, CAF assets are not separately reported nor do we allocate assets to CAF because such allocation would not 
be useful to management in making operating decisions.

54

Components of CAF Income
 
(In millions)
Interest margin:
Interest and fee income
Interest expense
Total interest margin
Provision for loan losses
Total interest margin after
provision for loan losses
Total other income (expense)
Direct expenses:
Payroll and fringe benefit expense
Other direct expenses
Total direct expenses
CarMax Auto Finance income

Total average managed receivables

 
$

 

 

$

$

 (1)  Percent of total average managed receivables.

 

 

2018

% (1)

Years Ended February 28 or 29

 

7.6
(1.9)
5.7
(1.2)

4.5
—

(0.3)
(0.4)
(0.7)
3.8

2017
 

% (1)
 

2016
 

% (1)
 

$

 

 

$

$

762.0
(171.4)
590.6
(150.6)

440.0
—

(30.8)
(40.2)
(71.0)
369.0

10,158.3

 

 

 

7.5
(1.7)
5.8
(1.5)

4.3
—

(0.3)
(0.4)
(0.7)
3.6

$

 

 

$

$

682.9
(127.7)
555.2
(101.2)

454.0
(0.4)

(28.2)
(33.4)
(61.6)
392.0

9,092.9

 

 

 

7.5
(1.4)
6.1
(1.1)

5.0
—

(0.3)
(0.4)
(0.7)
4.3

856.6
(215.0)
641.6
(137.6)

504.0
0.4

(35.4)
(47.8)
(83.2)
421.2

11,210.8

 

 

 

4.  AUTO LOAN RECEIVABLES
Auto loan receivables include amounts due from customers related to retail vehicle sales financed through CAF and are presented 
net of an allowance for estimated loan losses.  We generally use warehouse facilities to fund auto loan receivables originated by 
CAF until we elect to fund them through an asset-backed term funding transaction.  The majority of the auto loan receivables 
serve as collateral for the related non-recourse notes payable of $11.64 billion as of February 28, 2018, and $10.74 billion as of 
February 28, 2017.  See Notes 2(F) and 11 for additional information on securitizations and non-recourse notes payable.

Auto Loan Receivables, Net
 
(In millions)
Asset-backed term funding 
Warehouse facilities
Overcollateralization (1)
Other managed receivables (2)
Total ending managed receivables
Accrued interest and fees
Other
Less allowance for loan losses
Auto loan receivables, net

$

$

As of February 28
2018
2017

9,455.2
1,834.0
269.4
60.3
11,618.9
43.2
2.2
(128.6)
11,535.7

$

$

8,784.7
1,624.0
211.4
61.2
10,681.3
38.5
(0.1)
(123.6)
10,596.1

 

(1)  Represents receivables restricted as excess collateral for the non-recourse funding vehicles. 
(2)  Other managed receivables includes receivables not funded through the non-recourse funding vehicles.

Credit Quality.  When customers apply for financing, CAF’s proprietary scoring models rely on the customers’ credit history and 
certain application information to evaluate and rank their risk.  We obtain credit histories and other credit data that includes 
information such as number, age, type of and payment history for prior or existing credit accounts.  The application information 
that is used includes income, collateral value and down payment.  The scoring models yield credit grades that represent the relative 
likelihood of repayment.  Customers assigned a grade of “A” are determined to have the highest probability of repayment, and 
customers assigned a lower grade are determined to have a lower probability of repayment.  For loans that are approved, the credit 
grade influences the terms of the agreement, such as the required loan-to-value ratio and interest rate.

55

CAF uses a combination of the initial credit grades and historical performance to monitor the credit quality of the auto loan 
receivables on an ongoing basis.  We validate the accuracy of the scoring models periodically.  Loan performance is reviewed on 
a recurring basis to identify whether the assigned grades adequately reflect the customers’ likelihood of repayment.

Ending Managed Receivables by Major Credit Grade
 
(In millions)
A
B
C and other
Total ending managed receivables

2018 (1)

5,725.1
4,133.8
1,760.0
11,618.9

$

$

As of February 28
%  (2)

2017 (1)

49.3
35.6
15.1
100.0

$

$

5,223.4
3,739.4
1,718.5
10,681.3

(1)  Classified based on credit grade assigned when customers were initially approved for financing.
(2)  Percent of total ending managed receivables.
 
Allowance for Loan Losses
 
(In millions)
Balance as of beginning of year
Charge-offs
Recoveries
Provision for loan losses
Balance as of end of year

123.6
(254.4)
121.8
137.6
128.6

2018

 
 
 

$

$

1.16

1.11

As of February 28
%  (1)
2017

$

$

94.9
(230.7)
108.8
150.6
123.6

 
 
 

% (2)

48.9
35.0
16.1
100.0

%  (1)

0.99

1.16

 
(1)  Percent of total ending managed receivables.

The allowance for loan losses represents an estimate of the amount of net losses inherent in our portfolio of managed receivables 
as of the applicable reporting date and anticipated to occur during the following 12 months.  The allowance is primarily based on 
the composition of the portfolio of managed receivables, historical loss trends and forecasted forward loss curves.  We also take 
into account recent trends in delinquencies and defaults, recovery rates and the economic environment.  The provision for loan 
losses is the periodic expense of maintaining an adequate allowance.
 
Past Due Receivables
 
(In millions)
Total ending managed receivables
Delinquent loans:
31-60 days past due
61-90 days past due
Greater than 90 days past due
Total past due

As of February 28
2017
%  (1)
10,681.3

246.6
116.9
29.7
393.2

211.0
93.5
26.5
331.0

2018
11,618.9

2.1
1.0
0.3
3.4

2.0
0.9
0.2
3.1

100.0

100.0

%  (1)

$

$

$

$

$

$

 
(1)  Percent of total ending managed receivables.

 

56

5.  DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
We use derivatives to manage certain risks arising from both our business operations and economic conditions, particularly with 
regard to issuances of debt.  Primary exposures include LIBOR and other rates used as benchmarks in our securitizations and other 
debt financing.  We enter into derivative instruments to manage exposures related to the future known receipt or payment of 
uncertain cash amounts, the values of which are impacted by interest rates, and designate these derivative instruments as cash 
flow hedges for accounting purposes.  Our derivative instruments are used to manage (i) differences in the amount of our known 
or expected cash receipts and our known or expected cash payments principally related to the funding of our auto loan receivables, 
and (ii) exposure to variable interest rates associated with our term loan.

For the derivatives associated with our non-recourse funding vehicles, the effective portion of changes in the fair value is initially 
recorded in AOCL.  For the majority of these derivatives, the amounts are subsequently reclassified into CAF income in the period 
that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings, which occurs as interest expense is recognized on those future issuances 
of debt.  During the next 12 months, we estimate that an additional $5.9 million will be reclassified from AOCL as an increase to 
CAF income.    
 
As of February 28, 2018 and 2017, we had interest rate swaps outstanding with a combined notional amount of $2.16 billion and 
$2.03 billion, respectively, that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk.

See Note 6 for discussion of fair values of financial instruments and Note 14 for the effect on comprehensive income.
 
6.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants in the principal market or, if none exists, the most advantageous market, for the specific asset or 
liability at the measurement date (referred to as the “exit price”).  The fair value should be based on assumptions that market 
participants would use, including a consideration of nonperformance risk.

We assess the inputs used to measure fair value using the three-tier hierarchy.  The hierarchy indicates the extent to which inputs 
used in measuring fair value are observable in the market.

Level 1  

Inputs include unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we can access at the 
measurement date.

Level 2  

Level 3  

Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices from identical or similar 
assets in inactive markets and observable inputs such as interest rates and yield curves.

Inputs that are significant to the measurement that are not observable in the market and include management's 
judgments about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability (including assumptions 
about risk).

Our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure that fair values are appropriate.  Such controls include model 
validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations and reviews by senior management.

 

 

Valuation Methodologies
Money Market Securities.  Money market securities are cash equivalents, which are included in cash and cash equivalents, restricted 
cash from collections on auto loan receivables and other assets.  They consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities 
of three months or less and are classified as Level 1.

Mutual Fund Investments.  Mutual fund investments consist of publicly traded mutual funds that primarily include diversified 
equity investments in large-, mid- and small-cap domestic and international companies or investment grade debt securities.  The 
investments, which are included in other assets, are held in a rabbi trust established to fund informally our executive deferred 
compensation plan and are classified as Level 1.
 
Derivative Instruments.  The fair values of our derivative instruments are included in either other current assets, other assets or 
accounts payable.  As described in Note 5, as part of our risk management strategy, we utilize derivative instruments to manage 
differences in the amount of our known or expected cash receipts and our known or expected cash payments principally related 
to the funding of our auto loan receivables as well as to manage exposure to variable interest rates on our term loan.  Our derivatives 

57

are not exchange-traded and are over-the-counter customized derivative instruments.  All of our derivative exposures are with 
highly rated bank counterparties.
 
We measure derivative fair values assuming that the unit of account is an individual derivative instrument and that derivatives are 
sold or transferred on a stand-alone basis.  We estimate the fair value of our derivatives using quotes determined by the derivative 
counterparties and third-party valuation services.  Quotes from third-party valuation services and quotes received from bank 
counterparties project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based expectations for 
interest rates and the contractual terms of the derivative instruments.  The models do not require significant judgment and model 
inputs can typically be observed in a liquid market; however, because the models include inputs other than quoted prices in active 
markets, all derivatives are classified as Level 2.
 
Our derivative fair value measurements consider assumptions about counterparty and our own nonperformance risk.  We monitor 
counterparty and our own nonperformance risk and, in the event that we determine that a party is unlikely to perform under terms 
of the contract, we would adjust the derivative fair value to reflect the nonperformance risk.

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
 
(In thousands)
Assets:
Money market securities
Mutual fund investments
Derivative instruments
Total assets at fair value
Percent of total assets at fair value
Percent of total assets

Liabilities:
Derivative instruments
Total liabilities at fair value
Percent of total liabilities

 

 
(In thousands)
Assets:
Money market securities
Mutual fund investments
Derivative instruments
Total assets at fair value
Percent of total assets at fair value
Percent of total assets
Liabilities:
Derivative instruments
Total liabilities at fair value
Percent of total liabilities

 
$

$

 
$
$

 
$

$

 
$
$

As of February 28, 2018

Level 1

Level 2

Total

 
$

$

 
— $
—
12,127
12,127

$

276,894
19,429
—
296,323

96.1%
1.7%

 
— $
— $
—%

3.9%
0.1%

(99)
(99)
—%

 
$
$

As of February 28, 2017

Level 1

397,994
16,519
—
414,513

 
$

$

99.3%
2.5%

 
— $
— $
—%

Level 2

 
— $
—
2,997
2,997

$

0.7%
—%

(509)
(509)
—%

 
$
$

276,894
19,429
12,127
308,450

100.0%
1.8%

(99)
(99)
—%

Total

397,994
16,519
2,997
417,510

100.0%
2.6%

(509)
(509)
—%

 
There were no transfers between Levels 1 and 2 for the years ended February 28, 2018 and 2017.  As of February 28, 2018 and 
2017, we had no Level 3 assets. 

58

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying value of our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other restricted cash deposits and accounts payable 
approximates fair value due to the short-term nature and/or variable rates associated with these financial instruments.  Auto loan 
receivables are presented net of an allowance for estimated loan losses.  We believe that the carrying value of our revolving credit 
facility and term loan approximates fair value due to the variable rates associated with these obligations.  The fair value of our 
senior unsecured notes, which are not carried at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets, was determined using Level 2 inputs 
based on quoted market prices.  The carrying value and fair value of the senior unsecured notes as of February 28, 2018 and 2017, 
respectively, are as follows:

(In thousands)
Carrying value
Fair value
 
7.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

 
(In thousands)
Land
Land held for development
Buildings
Leasehold improvements
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
Construction in progress
Total property and equipment
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
Property and equipment, net

As of February 28, 2018
$
500,000
492,163
$

As of February 28, 2017
$
500,000
499,518
$

As of February 28

2018

722,173
77,145
2,081,785
215,114
600,739
134,354
3,831,310
1,164,249
2,667,061

$

$

2017

627,784
98,216
1,934,730
193,972
525,177
179,891
3,559,770
1,041,377
2,518,393

$

$

 

 

Land held for development represents land owned for potential store growth.  Depreciation expense was $158.6 million in fiscal 
2018, $140.7 million in fiscal 2017 and $127.0 million in fiscal 2016.

8.  CANCELLATION RESERVES
We recognize revenue for EPP products, on a net basis, at the time of sale.  We also record a reserve for estimated contract 
cancellations.  Cancellations of these services may result from early termination by the customer, or default or prepayment on the 
finance contract.  The reserve for cancellations is evaluated for each product, and is based on forecasted forward cancellation 
curves utilizing historical experience, recent trends and credit mix of the customer base. 

Cancellation Reserves
 
(In millions)
Balance as of beginning of year
Cancellations
Provision for future cancellations
Balance as of end of year

$

$

As of February 28
2018
2017

108.2
(65.7)
62.7
105.2

$

$

110.2
(66.1)
64.1
108.2

The current portion of estimated cancellation reserves is recognized as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
with the remaining amount recognized in other liabilities. As of February 28, 2018 and 2017, the current portion of cancellation 
reserves was $56.0 million and $56.4 million, respectively.

59

INCOME TAXES

9. 
Tax Reform.  The 2017 Tax Act was enacted on December 22, 2017.  The provision with the most significant impact to CarMax 
was the reduction of the federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21%.  Due to the complexities involved in the accounting for the 
2017 Tax Act, the SEC issued SAB 118, which provides guidance on the application of US GAAP for income taxes in the period 
of enactment.  SAB 118 requires companies to include in their financial statements a reasonable estimate of the impact of the 2017 
Tax Act, to the extent such an estimate has been determined.  As a result, our financial results reflect the income tax effects of the 
2017 Tax Act for which the accounting is complete, as well as provisional amounts for those impacts for which the accounting is 
incomplete but a reasonable estimate could be determined.  We have not identified any items for which the income tax effects of 
the 2017 Tax Act could not be reasonably estimated.  

The provision for income taxes and effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 included a provisional $32.7 million increase in tax expense 
related to the revaluation of our net deferred tax asset at the lower federal statutory tax rate.  This increase was partially offset by 
a $20.8 million benefit from the reduction in the federal statutory tax rate in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018.  

We have obtained, prepared and analyzed the information needed to complete the accounting for the effects of the 2017 Tax Act.  
Additional analysis is necessary for certain aspects of the changes in tax law including accelerated depreciation deductions, and 
the  deductibility  of  executive  compensation  and  certain  entertainment  expenses.   The  amounts  recorded  were  based  on  the 
company's initial evaluation of the impacts of the 2017 Tax Act, and these amounts are subject to change as the company continues 
to refine and update the underlying data, calculations and assumptions used during the measurement period of up to one year under 
SAB 118.  

$

 

$

Income Tax Provision
 
(In thousands)
Current:
Federal
State
Total
Deferred:
Federal
State
Total
Income tax provision

 

Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 
 
Federal statutory income tax rate
State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit
2017 Tax Act
Share-based compensation
Nondeductible and other items
Credits
Effective income tax rate

The 2017 Tax Act above includes the following impacts:

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2017

 

 

2016

 

$

 

$

332,466
44,645
377,111

4,098
(1,774)
2,324
379,435

$

 

$

324,096
45,183
369,279

16,398
839
17,237
386,516

2018

276,597
41,892
318,489

81,486
(479)
81,007
399,496

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

32.7%
3.1
3.1
(1.3)
0.2
(0.2)
37.6%

35.0%
2.7
—
—
0.1
(0.1)
37.7%

35.0%
3.2
—
—
0.2
(0.1)
38.3%

•  Revaluation of deferred taxes that existed on December 22, 2017, the enactment date of the 2017 Tax Act.
•  Deferred taxes that were created after December 22, 2017.  These items were recognized in the current period at the 

federal statutory tax rate of 32.7% but will reverse at the newly enacted 21% federal rate.

60

Temporary Differences Resulting in Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
 
(In thousands)
Deferred tax assets:
Accrued expenses
Partnership basis
Share-based compensation
Derivatives
Capital loss carry forward
Total deferred tax assets
Less:  valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance
Deferred tax liabilities:
Prepaid expenses
Property and equipment
Inventory
Derivatives
Total deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax asset

$

 

$

As of February 28
2018
2017

 

37,362
63,670
45,744
—
682
147,458
(682)
146,776

16,157
43,663
18,625
5,075
83,520
63,256

 

$

 

$

59,639
106,176
69,621
408
1,249
237,093
(1,249)
235,844

21,148
52,266
11,468
—
84,882
150,962

Except for amounts for which a valuation allowance has been provided, we believe it is more likely than not that the availability 
of loss carrybacks and the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets.  The 
valuation allowance as of February 28, 2018, relates to capital loss carryforwards that are not more likely than not to be utilized 
prior to their expiration.

Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 
(In thousands)
Balance at beginning of year
Increases for tax positions of prior years
Decreases for tax positions of prior years
Increases based on tax positions related to the current year
Settlements
Lapse of statute
Balance at end of year

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

29,955
—
(607)
3,342
(304)
(3,701)
28,685

$

$

$

$

2017

2016

26,771
2,651
(216)
4,380
(16)
(3,615)
29,955

$

$

24,951
125
(853)
5,256
(830)
(1,878)
26,771

As of February 28, 2018, we had $28.7 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $9.6 million of which, if recognized, would 
affect our effective tax rate.  It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit with respect to certain of 
our uncertain tax positions will increase or decrease during the next 12 months; however, we do not expect the change to have a 
significant effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.  As of February 28, 2017, we had $30.0 million
of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $9.4 million of which, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate.  As of February 29, 
2016, we had $26.8 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $10.3 million of which, if recognized, would affect our effective 
tax rate.

Our continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in SG&A expenses.  Our accrual for 
interest and penalties was $2.8 million, $2.7 million and $2.0 million as of February 28, 2018, February 28, 2017 and February 29, 
2016, respectively.
 
CarMax is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple states and local jurisdictions.  With a few insignificant 
exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 
fiscal 2015. 

 

 

 

 

61

10.  BENEFIT PLANS
(A)  Retirement Benefit Plans
We have two frozen noncontributory defined benefit plans: our pension plan (the “pension plan”) and our unfunded, nonqualified 
plan (the “restoration plan”), which restores retirement benefits for certain associates who are affected by Internal Revenue Code 
limitations on benefits provided under the pension plan.  No additional benefits have accrued under these plans since they were 
frozen; however, we have a continuing obligation to fund the pension plan and will continue to recognize net periodic pension 
expense for both plans for benefits earned prior to being frozen.  We use a fiscal year end measurement date for both the pension 
plan and the restoration plan.

Benefit Plan Information
 
 
(In thousands)
Plan assets
Projected benefit obligation
Funded status recognized

Pension Plan

2018

2017

As of February 28
Restoration Plan
2018
2017

Total

2018

2017

$ 156,827
230,861

$ 139,502
229,106
$ (74,034) $ (78,782) $ (11,041) $ (10,822) $ (85,075) $ (89,604)

— $ 156,827
241,902

$ 139,502
218,284

11,041

10,822

— $

$

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets:
Current liability
Noncurrent liability
Net amount recognized

$

 
— $

 
— $

 
(485) $

 
(467) $

 
(485) $

(467)
(89,137)
$ (74,034) $ (78,782) $ (11,041) $ (10,822) $ (85,075) $ (89,604)

(10,556)

(84,590)

(74,034)

(78,782)

(10,355)

 

Years Ended February 28 or 29

Pension Plan

Restoration Plan

(In thousands)

2018

2017

2016

2018

2017

2016

2018

Total net pension expense
Total net actuarial loss 

(gain) (1)

$

207

$ 2,880

$

$

330

$

847

$ 468

$ 481

$ 456

$

675

17

$ (1,786)

$ 376

$ 228

$ (428)

$ 3,256

Total
2017

2016

$

$

811

$ 1,303

245

$ (2,214)

(1)   Changes recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.

 

 

The projected benefit obligation (“PBO”) will change primarily due to interest cost and total net actuarial (gain) loss, and plan 
assets will change primarily as a result of the actual return on plan assets.  Benefit payments, which reduce the PBO and plan 
assets, were not material in fiscal 2018 or 2017; employer contributions, which increase plan assets, were $6.0 million in fiscal 
2018 and were not significant for fiscal 2017.  The net actuarial (gain) loss in a fiscal year is recognized in accumulated other 
comprehensive loss and may later be recognized as a component of future pension expense.  In fiscal 2019, we anticipate that 
$1.9 million in estimated actuarial losses of the pension plan will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss.  We 
do not anticipate that any appreciable estimated actuarial losses will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
for the restoration plan. 

Benefit Obligations.  Accumulated and projected benefit obligations (“ABO” and “PBO”) represent the obligations of the benefit 
plans for past service as of the measurement date.  ABO is the present value of benefits earned to date with benefits computed 
based  on  current  service  and  compensation  levels.    PBO  is ABO  increased  to  reflect  expected  future  service  and  increased 
compensation levels.  As a result of the freeze of plan benefits under our pension and restoration plans, the ABO and PBO balances 
are equal to one another at all subsequent dates.

Funding Policy.  For the pension plan, we contribute amounts sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements as set forth in 
the employee benefit and tax laws, plus any additional amounts as we may determine to be appropriate.  We expect to make 
contributions of $13.8 million to the pension plan in fiscal 2019.  We expect the pension plan to make benefit payments of 
approximately $4.2 million for each of the next three fiscal years, and $5.2 million for each of the subsequent two fiscal years.  
For the non-funded restoration plan, we contribute an amount equal to the benefit payments, which we expect to be approximately 
$0.6 million for each of the next five fiscal years.

62

Assumptions Used to Determine Benefit Obligations
 

 
 

Discount rate (1)

As of February 28

Pension Plan

Restoration Plan

2018

4.10%

2017

2018

2017

4.25%

4.10%

4.25%

 

(1)  For the restoration plan, the discount rate presented is applied to the pre-2004 annuity amounts and to post-2004 lump sum amounts for 

fiscal 2018.  A rate of 4.50% is assumed for the post-2004 lump sum amounts paid from the plan for fiscal 2017.

Assumptions Used to Determine Net Pension Expense
 

 
 

Discount rate (1)
Expected rate of return on plan assets

Years Ended February 28 or 29

Pension Plan

Restoration Plan

2018
4.25%
7.75%

2017
4.50%
7.75%

2016
4.00%
7.75%

2018
4.25%
—%

2017
4.50%
—%

2016
4.00%
—%

 

(1)  For the restoration plan, the discount rate presented is applied to the pre-2004 annuity amounts and to post-2004 lump sum amounts for 

fiscal 2018.  A rate of 4.50% is assumed for post-2004 lump sum amounts paid from the plan for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. 

Assumptions.  Underlying both the calculation of the PBO and the net pension expense are actuarial calculations of each plan’s 
liability.  These calculations use participant-specific information such as salary, age and years of service, as well as certain 
assumptions, the most significant being the discount rate, rate of return on plan assets and mortality rate.  We evaluate these 
assumptions at least once a year and make changes as necessary.

The discount rate used for retirement benefit plan accounting reflects the yields available on high-quality, fixed income debt 
instruments.  For our plans, we review high quality corporate bond indices in addition to a hypothetical portfolio of corporate 
bonds with maturities that approximate the expected timing of the anticipated benefit payments.

To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets, we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations, as well as 
historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets.  We apply the estimated rate of return to a market-related 
value of assets, which reduces the underlying variability in the asset values.  The use of expected long-term rates of return on 
pension plan assets could result in recognized asset returns that are greater or less than the actual returns of those pension plan 
assets in any given year.  Over time, however, the expected long-term returns are anticipated to approximate the actual long-term 
returns, and therefore, result in a pattern of income and expense recognition that more closely matches the pattern of the services 
provided by the employees.  Differences between actual and expected returns, which are a component of unrecognized actuarial 
gains/losses, are recognized over the average life expectancy of all plan participants.

Fair Value of Plan Assets and Fair Value Hierarchy
 
(In thousands)
Mutual funds (Level 1):
Equity securities
Equity securities – international
Fixed income securities
Collective funds (Level 2):
Short-term investments
Investment payables, net
Total

 
$

 

$

As of February 28
2018
2017

 
$

 

$

100,422
19,467
36,693

322
(77)
156,827

89,739
17,139
31,700

986
(62)
139,502

Plan Assets.  Our pension plan assets are held in trust and a fiduciary committee sets the investment policies and strategies.  Long-
term strategic investment objectives include achieving reasonable returns while prudently balancing risk and return, and controlling 
costs.  We target allocating approximately 75% of plan assets to equity and equity-related instruments and approximately 25% to 

63

fixed income securities.  Equity securities are currently composed of mutual funds that include highly diversified investments in 
large-, mid- and small-cap companies located in the United States and internationally.  The fixed income securities are composed 
of mutual funds that include investments in debt securities, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and other debt obligations 
primarily in the United States.  We do not expect any plan assets to be returned to us during fiscal 2019.  
 
The fair values of the plan’s assets are provided by the plan’s trustee and the investment managers.  Within the fair value hierarchy 
(see Note 6), the mutual funds are classified as Level 1 as quoted active market prices for identical assets are used to measure fair 
value.  The collective funds are public investment vehicles valued using a NAV.  The collective funds may be liquidated with 
minimal restrictions and are classified as Level 2.
 
(B)  Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan
We sponsor a 401(k) plan for all associates meeting certain eligibility criteria.  The plan contains a company matching contribution 
as  well  as  an  additional  discretionary  company-funded  contribution  to  those  associates  meeting  certain  age  and  service 
requirements.  The  total  cost  for  company  contributions  was  $39.7  million  in  fiscal  2018,  $32.8  million  in  fiscal  2017  and 
$29.8 million in fiscal 2016.

(C)  Retirement Restoration Plan
We sponsor a non-qualified retirement plan for certain senior executives who are affected by Internal Revenue Code limitations 
on benefits provided under the Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan.  Under this plan, these associates may continue to defer portions 
of their compensation for retirement savings.  We match the associates’ contributions at the same rate provided under the 401(k) 
plan, and also may provide an annual discretionary company-funded contribution under the same terms of  the 401(k) plan.  This 
plan is unfunded with lump sum payments to be made upon the associate’s retirement.  The total cost for this plan was not significant 
in fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016.

(D)  Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
We sponsor an unfunded nonqualified deferred compensation plan to permit certain eligible associates to defer receipt of a portion 
of their compensation to a future date.  This plan also includes a restorative company contribution designed to compensate the 
plan participants for any loss of company contributions under the Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan and the Retirement Restoration 
Plan due to a reduction in their eligible compensation resulting from deferrals into the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.  
The total cost for this plan was not significant in fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016.

11.  DEBT

 
(In thousands)
Revolving credit facility
Term loan
3.86% Senior notes due 2023
4.17% Senior notes due 2026
4.27% Senior notes due 2028
Finance and capital lease obligations
Non-recourse notes payable
Total debt
Less: current portion
Less: unamortized debt issuance costs
Long-term debt, net

$

$

As of February 28
2018
2017
197,627
155,062
300,000
300,000
100,000
100,000
200,000
200,000
200,000
200,000
500,363
496,136
11,644,615
10,742,425
13,142,605
12,193,623
(365,554)
(343,266)
(24,239)
(23,919)
$ 12,752,812
$ 11,826,438

 

Revolving Credit Facility.  We have a $1.20 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “credit facility”) with various financial 
institutions that expires in August 2020.  Borrowings under the credit facility are available for working capital and general corporate 
purposes.  Borrowings accrue interest at variable rates based on LIBOR, the federal funds rate, or the prime rate, depending on 
the type of borrowing, and we pay a commitment fee on the unused portions of the available funds.  Borrowings under the credit 
facility are either due “on demand” or at maturity depending on the type of borrowing.  Borrowings with “on demand” repayment 
terms are presented as short-term debt while amounts due at maturity are presented as long-term debt as no repayments are expected 
to be made within the next 12 months.  As of February 28, 2018, the unused capacity of $1.00 billion was fully available to us.
  

64

The weighted average interest rate on outstanding short-term and long-term debt was 2.49% in fiscal 2018, 1.74% in fiscal 2017
and 1.46% in fiscal 2016.
 
Term Loan.  We have a $300 million unsecured term loan that expires in August 2020.  The term loan accrues interest at variable 
rates (2.57% as of February 28, 2018) based on the LIBOR rate, the federal funds rate, or the prime rate and interest is payable 
monthly.  As of February 28, 2018, $300 million remained outstanding and was classified as long-term debt as no repayments are 
scheduled to be made within the next 12 months.  Borrowings under the term loan are available for working capital and general 
corporate purposes. 

Senior Notes.  We have senior unsecured notes with outstanding principal totaling $500 million as of February 28, 2018, which 
are due in 2023, 2026 and 2028.  These notes were classified as long-term debt as no repayments are scheduled to be made within 
the next 12 months.  Borrowings under these notes are available for working capital and general corporate purposes.  Interest on 
the notes is payable semi-annually.
 
Finance and Capital Lease Obligations.  Finance and capital lease obligations relate primarily to stores subject to sale-leaseback 
transactions that did not qualify for sale accounting and, therefore, are accounted for as financings.  The leases were structured at 
varying interest rates and generally have initial lease terms ranging from 15 to 20 years with payments made monthly.  Payments 
on the leases are recognized as interest expense and a reduction of the obligations.  We have not entered into any new sale-leaseback 
transactions since fiscal 2009.   In the event the leases are modified or extended beyond their original lease term, the related 
obligation is increased based on the present value of the revised future minimum lease payments, with a corresponding increase 
to the assets subject to these transactions.  Upon modification, the amortization of the obligation is reset, resulting in more of the 
lease payments being applied to interest expense in the initial years following the modification.  See Note 15 for information on 
future minimum lease obligations.
 
Non-Recourse Notes Payable.  The non-recourse notes payable relate to auto loan receivables funded through non-recourse funding 
vehicles.  The timing of principal payments on the non-recourse notes payable is based on the timing of principal collections and 
defaults on the related auto loan receivables.  The current portion of non-recourse notes payable represents principal payments 
that are due to be distributed in the following period.
 
As of February 28, 2018, $9.81 billion of non-recourse notes payable was outstanding related to asset-backed term funding 
transactions.  These notes payable accrue interest predominantly at fixed rates and have scheduled maturities through July 2024, 
but may mature earlier, depending upon the repayment rate of the underlying auto loan receivables.

As of February 28, 2018, $1.83 billion of non-recourse notes payable was outstanding related to our warehouse facilities.  As of 
February 28,  2018,  the  combined  warehouse  facility  limit  was  $3.14  billion,  and  the  unused  warehouse  capacity  totaled 
$1.31 billion.  Of the combined warehouse facility limit, $1.30 billion will expire in August 2018, $140.0 million will expire in 
September 2018 and $1.70 billion will expire in February 2019.  The return requirements of warehouse facility investors could 
fluctuate  significantly  depending  on  market  conditions.  At  renewal,  the  cost,  structure  and  capacity  of  the  facilities  could 
change.  These changes could have a significant impact on our funding costs.
 
See Notes 2(F) and 4 for additional information on the related auto loan receivables.
 
Capitalized Interest.  We capitalize interest in connection with the construction of certain facilities.  For fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017
and fiscal 2016, we capitalized interest of $6.9 million, $11.2 million, and $9.2 million, respectively.
 
Financial Covenants.  The credit facility, term loan and senior note agreements contain representations and warranties, conditions 
and  covenants.  We  must  also  meet  financial  covenants  in  conjunction  with  certain  of  the  sale-leaseback  transactions.  The 
agreements  governing  our  non-recourse  funding  vehicles  contain  representations  and  warranties,  financial  covenants  and 
performance triggers.  As of February 28, 2018, we were in compliance with all financial covenants and our non-recourse funding 
vehicles were in compliance with the related performance triggers.

 

12.  STOCK AND STOCK-BASED INCENTIVE PLANS
(A)  Preferred Stock 
Under the terms of our Articles of Incorporation, the board of directors may determine the rights, preferences and terms of our 
authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock.  We have authorized 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $20 par value.  No
shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding.

65

(B)   Share Repurchase Program
As of February 28, 2018, a total of $2.75 billion of board authorizations for repurchases of our common stock were outstanding, 
with no expiration date.  At that date, $1.02 billion remained available for repurchase.   

 Common Stock Repurchases
 
 
Number of shares repurchased (in thousands)
Average cost per share
Available for repurchase, as of end of year (in millions)

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

8,897.2
64.46
1,016.8

$
$

2017
10,262.5
54.34
1,590.4

$
$

2016
16,300.1
59.59
1,398.0

$
$

 

(C)  Stock Incentive Plans
We  maintain  long-term  incentive  plans  for  management,  certain  employees  and  the  nonemployee  members  of  our  board  of 
directors.  The plans allow for the granting of equity-based compensation awards, including nonqualified stock options, incentive 
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, stock- and cash-settled restricted stock units, stock grants or a 
combination of awards.  To date, we have not awarded any incentive stock options. 
 
As of February 28, 2018, a total of 55,200,000 shares of our common stock had been authorized to be issued under the long-term 
incentive plans.  The number of unissued common shares reserved for future grants under the long-term incentive plans was 
7,068,824 as of that date. 
 
The  majority  of  associates  who  receive  share-based  compensation  awards  primarily  receive  cash-settled  restricted  stock 
units.  Senior management and other key associates receive awards of nonqualified stock options, stock-settled restricted stock 
units and/or restricted stock awards.  Nonemployee directors receive awards of nonqualified stock options, stock grants and/or 
restricted stock awards.  Excluding stock grants, all share-based compensation awards, including any associated dividend rights, 
are subject to forfeiture.

Nonqualified Stock Options.  Nonqualified stock options are awards that allow the recipient to purchase shares of our common 
stock at a fixed price.  Stock options are granted at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the 
grant date.  The stock options generally vest annually in equal amounts over 4 years.  These options expire 7 years after the date 
of the grant.
 
Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units.  Also referred to as restricted stock units, or RSUs, these are restricted stock unit awards that 
entitle the holder to a cash payment equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock for each unit granted.  Conversion 
generally occurs at the end of a three-year vesting period.  However, the cash payment per RSU will not be greater than 200% or 
less than 75% of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the grant date.  The initial grant date fair values are based 
on the volume-weighted average prices of our common stock on the grant dates.  RSUs are liability awards and do not have voting 
rights.
 
Stock-Settled Market Stock Units.  Also referred to as market stock units, or MSUs, these are restricted stock unit awards with 
market conditions granted to eligible key associates that are converted into between zero and two shares of common stock for each 
unit granted.  Conversion generally occurs at the end of a three-year vesting period.  The conversion ratio is calculated by dividing 
the average closing price of our stock during the final 40 trading days of the three-year vesting period by our stock price on the 
grant date, with the resulting quotient capped at two.  This quotient is then multiplied by the number of MSUs granted to yield the 
number of shares awarded.  The grant date fair values are determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation and are based on the expected 
market price of our common stock on the vesting date and the expected number of converted common shares.  MSUs do not have 
voting rights.

Other Share-Based Incentives

Stock-Settled Performance Stock Units.  Also referred to as performance stock units, or PSUs, these are restricted stock unit awards 
with performance conditions granted to eligible key associates that are converted into between zero and two shares of common 
stock for each unit granted.  Conversion generally occurs at the end of a three-year vesting period.  The conversion ratio is based 
on the company reaching certain target levels set by the board of directors for cumulative three-year earnings before interest and 
taxes at the end of the three-year period, with the resulting quotient subject to meeting a minimum 25% threshold and capped at 
200%.  This quotient is then multiplied by the number of PSUs granted to yield the number of shares awarded.  The grant date fair 

66

values are based on the volume-weighted average prices of our common stock on the grant dates.  PSUs do not have voting rights.  
As of February 28, 2018, 223,126 units were outstanding at a weighted average grant date fair value per share of $60.10.
 
Restricted Stock Awards.  Restricted stock awards (RSAs) are awards of our common stock that are subject to specified restrictions 
that generally lapse after a one- to three-year period from date of grant.  The grant date fair values are based on the volume-weighted 
average prices of our common stock on the grant dates.  Participants holding restricted stock are entitled to vote on matters submitted 
to holders of our common stock for a vote. As of February 28, 2018, 48,241 units were outstanding at a weighted average grant 
date fair value per share of $58.05. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  We sponsor an employee stock purchase plan for all associates meeting certain eligibility criteria.  
We have authorized up to 8,000,000 shares of common stock with a total of 2,988,202 shares remaining available under the plan 
as of February 28, 2018.  Associate contributions are limited to 10% of eligible compensation, up to a maximum $7,500 per year.  
For each $1.00 contributed to the plan by associates, we match $0.15.  Shares are acquired through open-market purchases.  We 
purchased 177,433 shares at an average price per share of $65.11 during fiscal 2018, 198,053 shares at an average price per share 
of $55.46 during fiscal 2017 and 176,595 shares at an average price per share of $59.93 during fiscal 2016. 

(D)  Share-Based Compensation

 

Composition of Share-Based Compensation Expense
 
(In thousands)
Cost of sales
CarMax Auto Finance income
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Share-based compensation expense, before income taxes

  

Composition of Share-Based Compensation Expense – By Grant Type
 
(In thousands)
Nonqualified stock options
Cash-settled restricted stock units (RSUs)
Stock-settled market stock units (MSUs)
Other share-based incentives:
   Stock-settled performance stock units (PSUs)
   Restricted stock (RSAs)
   Employee stock purchase plan
Total other share-based incentives
Share-based compensation expense, before income taxes

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2,552
3,167
57,701
63,420

$

$

2017

2016

4,446
3,200
85,393
93,039

$

$

1,243
1,458
49,725
52,426

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

26,461
23,539
10,032

648
1,199
1,541
3,388
63,420

$

$

2017

2016

37,547
38,239
12,035

2,074
1,701
1,443
5,218
93,039

$

$

25,399
11,913
10,589

1,919
1,257
1,349
4,525
52,426

$

$

$

$

67

Unrecognized Share- Based Compensation Expense – By Grant Type
 

(Costs in millions)
Nonqualified stock options
Stock-settled market stock units
Other share-based incentives:
   Stock-settled performance stock units
   Restricted stock
Total other share-based incentives
Total

As of February 28, 2018

Unrecognized
Compensation

Costs

Weighted Average

Remaining

Recognition Life

(Years)

$

$

35.7
10.3

2.4
0.6
3.0
49.0

2.2
1.2

1.1
0.3
1.0
1.9

 

We recognize compensation expense for stock options,  MSUs, PSUs and RSAs on a straight-line basis (net of estimated forfeitures) 
over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award.  The PSU expense is adjusted for any change 
in management’s assessment of the performance target level that is probable of being achieved.  The variable expense associated 
with RSUs is recognized over their vesting period (net of estimated forfeitures) and is calculated based on the volume-weighted 
average price of our common stock on the last trading day of each reporting period. 

The  total  costs  for  matching  contributions  for  our  employee  stock  purchase  plan  are  included  in  share-based  compensation 
expense.  There were no capitalized share-based compensation costs as of or for the years ended February 28, 2018,  February 28, 
2017 or February 29, 2016.
 
Stock Option Activity
 
 
 
 
(Shares and intrinsic value in thousands)
Outstanding as of February 28, 2017
Options granted
Options exercised
Options forfeited or expired
Outstanding as of February 28, 2018

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life (Years)

7,753
1,955
(1,866)
(80)
7,762

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

Weighted
Average
Exercise

50.00
58.56
39.40
61.00
54.59

Number of

Shares

72,973

Price

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

4.4

 
 
 

 
 

$

$

$

 

Exercisable as of February 28, 2018

3,139

$

50.98

3.3

$

42,530

Stock Option Information

Options granted
Weighted average grant date fair value per share
Cash received from options exercised (in millions)
Intrinsic value of options exercised (in millions)
Realized tax benefits (in millions)

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

1,955,117
16.15
73.5
57.1
21.8

$
$
$
$

2,345,528
14.25
59.9
52.6
21.2

$
$
$
$

1,408,427
20.53
47.0
70.4
28.2

$
$
$
$

 
For stock options, the fair value of each award is estimated as of the date of grant using a binomial valuation model.  In computing 
the  value  of  the  option,  the  binomial  model  considers  characteristics  of  fair-value  option  pricing  that  are  not  available  for 
consideration under a closed-form valuation model (for example, the Black-Scholes model), such as the contractual term of the 
option, the probability that the option will be exercised prior to the end of its contractual life and the probability of termination or 

68

retirement of the option holder.  For this reason, we believe that the binomial model provides a fair value that is more representative 
of actual experience and future expected experience than the value calculated using a closed-form model.  Estimates of fair value 
are not intended to predict actual future events or the value ultimately realized by the recipients of share-based awards.

Assumptions Used to Estimate Option Values
 

 

Dividend yield
Expected volatility factor (1)  
Weighted average expected volatility
Risk-free interest rate (2)     
Expected term (in years) (3)  

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018
 

 

0.0%
27.3% - 34.2%
  29.7%
2.3%
4.6

0.7% -

 

 

 

2017
 

29.3% -

 

0.1% -

 

 

0.0%
34.8%
  30.7%
2.4%
4.6

 

2016
 

25.8% -

 

—% -

 

 

0.0%
31.8%
  30.6%
2.1%
4.7

 

 

(1)  Measured using historical daily price changes of our stock for a period corresponding to the term of the options and the implied volatility 

derived from the market prices of traded options on our stock.

(2)  Based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the time of grant.
(3)  Represents the estimated number of years that options will be outstanding prior to exercise.

Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Activity
 
 
 
(Units in thousands)
Outstanding as of February 28, 2017
Stock units granted
Stock units vested and converted
Stock units cancelled
Outstanding as of February 28, 2018

 Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Information

 
 

Number of

Units

Weighted
Average
Grant Date
Fair Value

1,406
$
628
$
(469) $
(105) $
1,460
$

55.05
58.39
45.30
58.61
59.36

Stock units granted
Initial weighted average grant date fair value per share
Payments (before payroll tax withholdings) upon
vesting (in millions)
Realized tax benefits (in millions)

$

$
$

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

628,095
58.39

26.6
10.2

$

$
$

632,261
51.63

23.5
9.5

$

$
$

418,281
73.76

33.6
13.5

 

Expected Cash Settlement Range Upon Restricted Stock Unit Vesting
 
(In thousands)
Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2020
Fiscal 2021
Total expected cash settlements

(1)  Net of estimated forfeitures.

 

69

As of February 28, 2018

$

Minimum (1) Maximum (1)
48,869
$
52,498
59,798
161,165

18,326
19,687
22,424
60,437

$

$

Stock-Settled Market Stock Unit Activity

(Units in thousands)
Outstanding as of February 28, 2017
Stock units granted
Stock units vested and converted
Stock units cancelled
Outstanding as of February 28, 2018

Stock-Settled Market Stock Unit Information

Stock units granted
Weighted average grant date fair value per share
Realized tax benefits (in millions)

13.  NET EARNINGS PER SHARE

 

Basic and Dilutive Net Earnings Per Share Reconciliations
 
(In thousands except per share data)
Net earnings

Weighted average common shares outstanding
Dilutive potential common shares:
Stock options
Stock-settled restricted stock units
Weighted average common shares and dilutive
potential common shares

Basic net earnings per share
Diluted net earnings per share

 
 

Number of

Units

Weighted
Average
Grant Date
Fair Value

$
504
164
$
(232) $
(17) $
419
$

65.74
74.09
56.13
72.67
74.04

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

2017

2016

$
$

163,618
74.09
7.0

$
$

174,211
64.30
5.3

$
$

109,956
89.73
17.0

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018
664,112

182,660

1,390
420

184,470

3.64
3.60

$

 

 

$
$

2017
626,970

190,343

1,379
493

192,215

3.29
3.26

$

 

 

$
$

2016
623,428

203,275

1,676
589

205,540

3.07
3.03

$

 

 

$
$

 

Certain options to purchase shares of common stock were outstanding and not included in the calculation of diluted net earnings 
per share because their inclusion would have been antidilutive.  On a weighted average basis, for fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 
2016, options to purchase 2,993,200 shares, 2,874,788 shares and 1,243,383 shares of common stock, respectively, were not 
included.

70

14.  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss By Component

 
 
 
 
(In thousands, net of income taxes)
Balance as of February 28, 2015
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive loss
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance as of February 29, 2016
Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive loss
Other comprehensive income
Balance as of February 28, 2017
Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive loss
Other comprehensive (loss) income
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other
   comprehensive loss to retained earnings (1)
Balance as of February 28, 2018

 

Net

Unrecognized

Actuarial
Losses

 

Net

Unrecognized
Hedge Gains

(Losses)

Total

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Loss

$

 

 

 

$

(59,220) $

1,462

(6,171) $
(12,578)

 

 

 

1,288
2,750
(56,470)
(19)

968
949
(55,521)
(2,546)

1,175
(1,371)

 

 

 

5,023
(7,555)
(13,726)
5,991

6,701
12,692
(1,034)
12,381

1,813
14,194

(11,605)
(68,497) $

1,025
14,185

$

(65,391)
(11,116)

6,311
(4,805)
(70,196)
5,972

7,669
13,641
(56,555)
9,835

2,988
12,823

(10,580)
(54,312)

 (1)  Reclassification due to the adoption of ASU 2018-02.  See Note 2 for further discussion.

71

Changes In and Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

 

 

(In thousands)
Retirement Benefit Plans (Note 10):
Actuarial (loss) gain arising during the year
Tax  benefit (expense)
Actuarial (loss) gain arising during the year, net of tax
Actuarial loss amortization reclassifications recognized in net pension expense:
Cost of sales
CarMax Auto Finance income
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Total amortization reclassifications recognized in net pension expense
Tax expense
Amortization reclassifications recognized in net

pension expense, net of tax

Net change in retirement benefit plan unrecognized

actuarial losses, net of tax

Cash Flow Hedges (Note 5):
Effective portion of changes in fair value
Tax (expense) benefit 
Effective portion of changes in fair value, net of tax
Reclassifications to CarMax Auto Finance income
Tax expense
Reclassification of hedge losses, net of tax
Net change in cash flow hedge unrecognized gains, net of tax
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

 
$

 

 

 

 

$

Years Ended February 28 or 29
2016
2018

2017

 
(3,256) $

710
(2,546)

749
46
1,020
1,815
(640)

1,175

(1,371)

17,953
(5,572)
12,381
3,009
(1,196)
1,813
14,194
12,823

 

 

 

 

$

 
(246) $
227
(19)

 

 

 

 

$

637
37
872
1,546
(578)

968

949

9,878
(3,887)
5,991
11,038
(4,337)
6,701
12,692
13,641

2,214
(752)
1,462

835
49
1,173
2,057
(769)

1,288

2,750

(20,715)
8,137
(12,578)
8,277
(3,254)
5,023
(7,555)
(4,805)

  

Changes in the funded status of our retirement plans and the effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are 
designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss.  The cumulative balances 
are net of deferred taxes of $16.6 million as of February 28, 2018 and $33.8 million as of February 28, 2017.

15.  LEASE COMMITMENTS 
Our leases primarily consist of land or land and building leases related to CarMax store locations.  Our lease obligations are based 
upon contractual minimum rates.  Most leases provide that we pay taxes, maintenance, insurance and operating expenses applicable 
to the premises.  The initial term for most real property leases is typically 5 to 20 years, with renewal options of 5 to 20 years, and 
may include rent escalation clauses.  For finance and capital leases, a portion of the periodic lease payments is recognized as 
interest expense and the remainder reduces the obligations.  For operating leases, rent is recognized on a straight-line basis over 
the lease term, including scheduled rent increases and rent holidays.  Rent expense for all operating leases was $52.4 million in 
fiscal 2018, $49.4 million in fiscal 2017 and $46.9 million in fiscal 2016.  See Note 11 for additional information on finance and 
capital lease obligations.

72

Future Minimum Lease Obligations
 

 
(In thousands)
Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2020
Fiscal 2021
Fiscal 2022
Fiscal 2023
Fiscal 2024 and thereafter
Total minimum lease payments
Less amounts representing interest
Present value of net minimum lease payments 

As of February 28, 2018

Capital
Leases (1)

Finance
Leases (1)

49,263
49,200
44,070
43,341
42,877
826,487
1,055,238

2,789
2,838
2,926
3,005
8,315
5,059
24,932
(5,272)
19,660

$

$
 
 

$

$

Operating

Lease

Commitments (1)
$
51,817
50,716
47,415
44,113
42,271
611,859
848,191

$

 
 

(1)  Excludes taxes, insurance and other costs payable directly by us.  These costs vary from year to year and are incurred in the ordinary course 

of business.

16.  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

(In thousands)
Cash paid for interest
Cash paid for income taxes
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Increase (decrease) in accrued capital expenditures
Increase in finance and capital lease obligations

$
$

$
$

Years Ended February 28 or 29

2018

69,431
353,977

1,220
12,051

2017

55,139
371,227

(6,280)
90,517

$
$

$
$

2016

34,319
319,978

16,222
103,233

$
$

$
$

17.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
(A)  Litigation 
CarMax entities are defendants in four proceedings asserting wage and hour claims with respect to CarMax sales consultants in 
California.  The asserted claims include failure to pay minimum wage, provide meal periods and rest breaks, pay statutory/
contractual wages, reimburse for work-related expenses and provide accurate itemized wage statements; unfair competition; and 
Private Attorney General Act claims.  On September 4, 2015, Craig Weiss et al., v. CarMax Auto Superstores California, LLC, 
and CarMax Auto Superstores West Coast, Inc., a putative class action, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of 
Placer.  The Weiss lawsuit seeks civil penalties, fines, cost of suit, and the recovery of attorneys’ fees.  On June 29, 2016, Ryan 
Gomez et al. v. CarMax Auto Superstores California, LLC, and CarMax Auto Superstores West Coast, Inc., a putative class action, 
was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, Los Angeles.  The Gomez lawsuit seeks declaratory relief, unspecified 
damages, restitution, statutory penalties, interest, cost and attorneys’ fees.  On September 7, 2016, James Rowland v. CarMax 
Auto Superstores California, LLC, and CarMax Auto Superstores West Coast, Inc., a putative class action, was filed in the U.S. 
District Court, Eastern District of California, Sacramento Division.  The Rowland lawsuit seeks unspecified damages, restitution, 
statutory penalties, interest, cost and attorneys’ fees.  On October 31, 2017, Joshua Sabanovich v. CarMax Superstores California, 
LLC et. al., a putative class action, was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Stanislaus.  The Sabanovich lawsuit 
seeks unspecified damages, restitution, statutory penalties, interest, cost and attorneys’ fees.  We are unable to make a reasonable 
estimate of the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in these matters.

On April 25, 2017, the Company met with representatives from multiple California municipality district attorney offices as part 
of an informal inquiry by those offices into the handling, storage and disposal of certain types of hazardous waste at our store 
locations in those municipalities.  We are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or range of loss that could result 
from an unfavorable outcome in these matters.

73

We are involved in various other legal proceedings in the normal course of business.  Based upon our evaluation of information 
currently available, we believe that the ultimate resolution of any such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect, either 
individually or in the aggregate, on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

(B)  Other Matters 
In accordance with the terms of real estate lease agreements, we generally agree to indemnify the lessor from certain liabilities 
arising as a result of the use of the leased premises, including environmental liabilities and repairs to leased property upon termination 
of the lease.  Additionally, in accordance with the terms of agreements entered into for the sale of properties, we generally agree 
to indemnify the buyer from certain liabilities and costs arising subsequent to the date of the sale, including environmental liabilities 
and liabilities resulting from the breach of representations or warranties made in accordance with the agreements.  We do not have 
any known material environmental commitments, contingencies or other indemnification issues arising from these arrangements.

As part of our customer service strategy, we guarantee the used vehicles we retail with at least a 30-day limited warranty.  A vehicle 
in need of repair within this period will be repaired free of charge.  As a result, each vehicle sold has an implied liability associated 
with it.  Accordingly, based on historical trends, we record a provision for estimated future repairs during the guarantee period for 
each vehicle sold.  The liability for this guarantee was $6.1 million as of February 28, 2018 and $6.3 million as of February 28, 
2017, and is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities.
 
At various times we may have certain purchase obligations that are enforceable and legally binding primarily related to real estate 
purchases, advertising and third-party outsourcing services. As of February 28, 2018, we have material purchase obligations of 
$175.0 million, of which $78.8 million are expected to be fulfilled in fiscal 2019.

18.  SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

 
(In thousands, except per share data)
Net sales and operating revenues
Gross profit
CarMax Auto Finance income
Selling, general and administrative
expenses
Net earnings
Net earnings per share:
Basic
Diluted

 
(In thousands, except per share data)
Net sales and operating revenues 
Gross profit
CarMax Auto Finance income
Selling, general and administrative
expenses
Net earnings
Net earnings per share:
Basic
Diluted

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

1st Quarter

2nd Quarter

3rd Quarter

4th Quarter

Fiscal Year

2018
4,542,334
648,938
109,363

403,503
211,702

1.14
1.13

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

2018
4,386,640
604,005
107,936

405,062
181,424

0.99
0.98

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

2018
4,107,017
539,188
102,810

399,672
148,840

0.82
0.81

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

2018 (1)
4,084,218
536,728
101,073

408,814
122,146

0.68
0.67

2018

$ 17,120,209
$
2,328,859
$
421,182
 
$
$
 
$
$

1,617,051
664,112

3.64
3.60

1st Quarter

2nd Quarter

3rd Quarter

4th Quarter

Fiscal Year

2017
4,126,386
572,637
100,758

380,230
175,360

0.91
0.90

2017 (2)
3,997,248
545,362
95,969

366,126
162,362

0.85
0.84

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

2017
3,701,524
503,135
89,359

356,735
136,645

0.72
0.72

$
$
$
 
$
$
 
$
$

2017
4,049,960
562,160
82,898

385,413
152,603

0.82
0.81

2017

$ 15,875,118
2,183,294
$
$
368,984
 
$
$
 
$
$

1,488,504
626,970

3.29
3.26

(1)  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, net earnings were reduced by $11.9 million in connection with the 2017 Tax Act.  See Note 9.  

Net earnings were also reduced by $8.0 million, before tax, due to a one-time discretionary bonus paid to eligible associates.

(2)  During the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we increased SG&A expenses by $10.9 million, before tax, due to the modification of certain 

awards granted to our recently retired chief executive officer.

74

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (“disclosure controls”) that are designed to ensure that information required to 
be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods 
specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms.  Disclosure controls are also designed to ensure that 
this information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer (“CEO”) and the chief 
financial officer (“CFO”), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As of the end of the period covered by this report, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure 
controls.  This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the CEO and 
CFO.  Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls were effective as of the end of the 
period.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended February 28, 2018 that 
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting is included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9B.  Other Information.

On April 24, 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the CarMax, Inc. Annual Performance-Based Bonus Plan (the 
“Bonus Plan”).  The Bonus Plan is an incentive bonus plan under which our executive officers are eligible to receive bonus 
payments when certain performance objectives are satisfied.  This summary is qualified by the terms of the Bonus Plan, which is 
filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

PART III

With the exception of the information incorporated by reference from our 2018 Proxy Statement in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 
of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our 2018 Proxy Statement is not to be deemed filed as a part of this Form 10-K.

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The information concerning our executive officers required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled “Executive 
Officers of the Company” included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The information concerning our directors required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled “Proposal One: 
Election of Directors” in our 2018 Proxy Statement.

The information concerning the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee financial expert required by 
this  Item is  incorporated by  reference  to  the information included  in  the sub-section  titled “Corporate Governance  –  Board 
Committees” in our 2018 Proxy Statement.

The information concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this Item is incorporated by reference 
to the sub-section titled “CarMax Share Ownership – Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our 2018
Proxy Statement.

The information concerning our code of ethics (“Code of Business Conduct”) for senior management required by this Item is 
incorporated by reference to the sub-section titled “Corporate Governance – Overview” in our 2018 Proxy Statement.

75

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections titled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” 
“Compensation  and  Personnel  Committee  Report”  and  “Compensation  Tables”  in  our  2018  Proxy  Statement.  Additional 
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled “Director Compensation” in our 2018 Proxy 
Statement.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled “CarMax Share Ownership” in our 2018
Proxy Statement.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence.

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sub-section titled “Corporate Governance – Related 
Person Transactions” in our 2018 Proxy Statement.

The information required by this Item concerning director independence is incorporated by reference to the sub section titled 
“Corporate Governance – Independence” in our 2018 Proxy Statement.

Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled “Auditor Fees and Pre-Approval Policy” 
in our 2018 Proxy Statement.

Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

PART IV

 

1.  Financial Statements.  All financial statements as set forth under Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

 

2.  Financial Statement Schedules.  Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, are not required or the 

information required to be set forth therein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto.

3.  Exhibits:  

3.1

3.2

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

CarMax, Inc. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective June 24, 2013, filed as Exhibit 3.1 
to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 28, 2013 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this 
reference.
CarMax, Inc. Bylaws, as amended and restated September 1, 2016, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to CarMax’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference.
CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated September 1, 2016, between CarMax, Inc. 
and William D. Nash, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 
2016 (File No. 1-31420) is incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 6, 2015, between CarMax, Inc. 
and Thomas J. Folliard, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 8, 
2015 (File No. 1-31420) is incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Amendment to Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated August 31, 2016, between 
CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed 
September 1, 2016 (File No. 1-31420) is incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 3, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. 
and Thomas W. Reedy, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 6, 
2017 (File No. 1-31420) is incorporated by this reference. *

76

10.5

10.6

10.7

10.8

10.9

10.10

10.11

10.12

10.13

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17

10.18

10.19

10.20

10.21

CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 3, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. 
and William C. Wood, Jr., filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 
6, 2017 (File No. 1-31420) is incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 3, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. 
and Edwin J. Hill, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 6, 2017 
(File No. 1-31420) is incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 6, 2015, between CarMax, Inc. 
and Eric M. Margolin, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 8, 
2015 (File No. 1-31420) is incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated, effective June 30, 2011, filed as Exhibit 
10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 30, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by 
this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Retirement Restoration Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2017, filed as 
Exhibit  10.6  to  CarMax’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q,  filed  July  7,  2016  (File  No.  1-31420),  is 
incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective June 30, 2011, 
filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 30, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is 
incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated June 24, 2008, filed 
as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed July 10, 2008 (File No. 1 31420), is 
incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated June 28, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 
CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 1, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this 
reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Annual Performance-Based Bonus Plan, as amended and restated June 25, 2012, filed as 
Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 29, 2012 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated 
by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated June 23, 2009, filed as Exhibit 
10.1 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed July 9, 2009 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated 
by this reference.
Credit Agreement dated August 24, 2015, among CarMax Auto Superstores, Inc., CarMax, Inc., certain 
subsidiaries of CarMax named therein, Bank of America, N.A., as a lender and as administrative agent, and 
the other lending institutions named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-
K, filed August 26, 2015 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference.
Amended Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, dated August 31, 
2016, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 (File No. 
1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Amended Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, dated August 31, 
2016, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 (File No. 
1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Amended Notice of Market Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, dated August 
31, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 (File No. 
1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Amended Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, dated August 31, 
2016, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 (File No. 
1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Amended Notice of Performance Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, dated 
August 31, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 
(File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain executive officers effective 
March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2016 (File 
No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *

77

10.22

10.23

10.24

10.25

10.26

10.27

10.28

10.29

10.30

10.31

10.32

10.33

10.34

10.35

10.36

10.37

10.38

10.39

Form of Notice of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax Inc. and certain named and 
other executive officers, effective March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on 
Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
effective March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 25, 
2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Performance Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other 
executive officers, effective March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-
K, filed March 25, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
effective January 26, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 
13, 2015 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Market Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive 
officers, effective January 26, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed 
February 13, 2015 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Performance Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other 
executive officers, effective January 26, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 
8-K, filed February 13, 2015 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors of the 
CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed 
October 8, 2014 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
effective January 27, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 
31, 2014 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Market Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive 
officers, effective January 27, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed 
January 31, 2014 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
effective December 21, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 
23, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Market Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive 
officers, effective December 21, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed 
December 23, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax Inc. and certain named and other executive 
officers, effective December 21, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed 
December 23, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. *
Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
effective October 18, 2010, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 
22, 2010 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Notice of Market Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive 
officers, effective October 18, 2010, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed 
October 22, 2010 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *

Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
effective January 1, 2009, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 
8, 2009 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Directors Stock Option Grant Agreement between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors 
of the CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, 
filed July 10, 2008 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
filed as Exhibit 10.18 to CarMax’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 25, 2008 (File No. 1-31420), 
is incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, 
filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 20, 2006 (File No. 1-31420), 
is incorporated by this reference. *

78

10.40

10.41

10.42

10.43

10.44

10.45

10.46
10.47

21.1
23.1
24.1
31.1
31.2
32.1
32.2
101.INS
101.SCH
101.SCH
101.DEF
101.LAB
101.PRE

Form of Directors Stock Option Grant Agreement between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors 
of the CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to CarMax’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed 
April 28, 2006 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Incentive Award Agreement between CarMax, Inc. and certain named executive officers, filed as 
Exhibit  10.16  to  CarMax’s Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K,  filed  May 13, 2005  (File  No.  1-31420),  is 
incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Incentive Award Agreement between CarMax, Inc. and certain executive officers, filed as Exhibit 
10.17 to CarMax’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed May 13, 2005 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated 
by this reference. *
Form of Incentive Award Agreement between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors of the 
CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.18 to CarMax’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed 
May 13, 2005 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
Form  of Amendment to  Incentive Award Agreement between  CarMax,  Inc.  and  certain  non-employee 
directors of the CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.19 to CarMax’s Annual Report on Form 
10-K, filed May 13, 2005 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
Form of Stock Grant Notice Letter from CarMax, Inc. to certain non-employee directors of the CarMax, 
Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.20 to CarMax’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed May 13, 2005 
(File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. *
CarMax, Inc. Annual Performance-Based Bonus Plan, dated April 24, 2018, filed herewith. *
Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors 
of the CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed herewith. *
CarMax, Inc. Subsidiaries, filed herewith.
Consent of KPMG LLP, filed herewith.
Powers of Attorney, filed herewith.
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), filed herewith.
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), filed herewith
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, filed herewith.
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, filed herewith.
XBRL Instance Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

*  Indicates management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement of the company required to be filed as an exhibit.

Certain instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the company are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) 
of Regulation S-K. Upon request, the company agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission copies of such 
instruments.

Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary.

None.

79

Signatures

 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
CarMax, Inc. 

 

By:

/s/   WILLIAM D. NASH         

William D. Nash

President and Chief Executive Officer

April 24, 2018

 By:

/s/    THOMAS W. REEDY         

Thomas W. Reedy

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

April 24, 2018

 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on 
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

/s/    WILLIAM D. NASH       

William D. Nash

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    THOMAS W. REEDY         

Thomas W. Reedy

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

April 24, 2018

/s/    JILL A. LIVESAY     

Jill A. Livesay

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer

April 24, 2018

/s/    PETER J. BENSEN *    

Peter J. Bensen

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    RONALD E. BLAYLOCK *    

Ronald E. Blaylock

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    SONA CHAWLA *     

Sona Chawla

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    ALAN B. COLBERG *      

Alan B. Colberg

Director

April 24, 2018

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

/s/    JEFFREY E. GARTEN *    

Jeffrey E. Garten

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    SHIRA  GOODMAN *    

Shira Goodman

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    W. ROBERT  GRAFTON *     

W. Robert Grafton

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    EDGAR H. GRUBB *      

Edgar H. Grubb

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    ROBERT J. HOMBACH *    

Robert J. Hombach

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    MARCELLA SHINDER *       

Marcella Shinder

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    MITCHELL D. STEENROD *    

Mitchell D. Steenrod

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    THOMAS J. FOLLIARD *     

/s/    WILLIAM R. TIEFEL *       

Thomas J. Folliard

Director

April 24, 2018

William R. Tiefel

Director

April 24, 2018

/s/    THOMAS W. REEDY         

*By:
 
 
The original powers of attorney authorizing William D. Nash and Thomas W. Reedy, or either of them, to sign this annual report 
on behalf of certain directors and officers of the company are included as Exhibit 24.1.  

Thomas W. Reedy
Attorney-In-Fact

80

Non-GAAP Reconciliation of Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)

(In thousands)
Net earnings
Add back:

Income tax provision
Interest expense
Rent expense

Adjusted earnings before income taxes
Less income tax expense  (1)

Adjusted net income for ROIC

Total shareholders' equity
Add:

Revolving credit facility
Term loan
Senior notes
Finance and capital lease obligations

Invested capital, excluding rent
Average invested capital, excluding rent  (2)
Operating leases capitalized at 8x annual rent expense

Total average invested capital for ROIC

ROIC 

FY18

$        

664,112

FY17

$        

626,970

FY16

$        

623,428

FY15

$         

597,358

FY14

$        

492,586

         
           
           
      
        
$        

399,496
70,745
52,400
1,186,753
(474,701)
712,052

         
           
           
      
        
$        

379,435
56,416
49,400
1,112,221
(444,888)
667,333

         
           
           
      
        
$        

386,516
36,358
46,900
1,093,202
(437,281)
655,921

           
             
             
        
          
$         

371,973
24,473
44,600
1,038,404
(415,362)
623,042

         
           
           
         
        
$        

304,736
30,834
43,600
871,756
(348,702)
523,054

$     

3,316,849

$     

3,108,580

$     

2,904,786

$      

3,156,785

$     

3,316,997

         
         
         
         
      
      
         
$     

197,627
300,000
500,000
500,363
4,814,839
4,687,309
419,200
5,106,509
13.9%

         
         
         
         
      
      
         
$     

155,062
300,000
500,000
496,136
4,559,778
4,297,323
395,200
4,692,523
14.2%

-

415,428
300,000

         
         
                 
         
      
      
         
$     

414,654
4,034,868
3,915,138
375,200
4,290,338
15.3%

10,785
300,000

             
           
-
                   
           
        
        
           
$      

327,838
3,795,408
3,723,686
356,800
4,080,486
15.3%

582
-
-

                
                 
                 
         
      
      
         
$     

334,384
3,651,963
3,512,538
348,800
3,861,338
13.5%

(1)   Income tax expense is calculated using a 40% effective tax rate.
(2)   Average invested capital, excluding rent is calculated as the sum of the current and prior year invested capital, excluding rent divided by two.

 81

Staples, Inc. 

 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 
Thomas J. Folliard 
Jeffrey E. Garten  * 
Dean Emeritus 
Non-Executive Chair of the Board 
Retired President and Chief Executive Officer 
  Yale School of Management 
 
  CarMax, Inc. 
 
Shira Goodman 
Retired Chief Executive Officer  
Peter J. Bensen 
Retired Chief Administrative Officer and 
 
Corporate EVP and Chief Financial Officer 
 
  McDonald’s Corporation 
W. Robert Grafton  * 
Retired Managing Partner – Chief Executive  
 
  Andersen Worldwide S.C. 
Ronald E. Blaylock 
Founder and Managing Partner  
 
  GenNx360 Capital Partners 
Edgar H. Grubb  * 
Retired EVP and Chief Financial Officer 
Retired Chief Executive Officer  
 
  Blaylock & Company 
 
 
Sona Chawla 
Robert J. Hombach 
Retired EVP, Chief Financial Officer and 
Chief Operating Officer and 
Chief Operations Officer 
President-Elect 
  Baxalta Incorporated 
  Kohl’s Corporation 
 
 
 
Alan B. Colberg  * 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
  Assurant, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
*  This member of the board of directors is not standing for re-election at the 2018 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 
 
BOARD COMMITTEES 

 
William D. Nash 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
  CarMax, Inc. 
 
Marcella Shinder 
Global Head of Marketing 
  WeWork Companies, Inc. 
 
Mitchell D. Steenrod 
SVP and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
William R. Tiefel 
Lead Independent Director 
  CarMax, Inc. 
Retired Vice Chairman  
  Marriott International, Inc. 
Chairman Emeritus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Transamerica Corporation 

Pilot Travel Centers LLC 

 
 
 

 
 
 

The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, LLC 

 
Audit 
Mitchell D. Steenrod, Chair 
Peter J. Bensen 
Sona Chawla 
Robert J. Hombach 
Marcella Shinder 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Compensation and Personnel 
Ronald E. Blaylock, Chair 
Shira Goodman 
W. Robert Grafton 
William R. Tiefel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Nominating and Governance 
Alan B. Colberg, Chair 
Jeffrey E. Garten 
Edgar H. Grubb 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

82 

 

COMPANY OFFICERS 

SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM 

Bill Nash 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Cliff Wood 
EVP, Chief Operating Officer 
 
Tom Reedy 
EVP, Chief Financial Officer 
 
Ed Hill 
EVP, Strategy and Business Transformation 
 
Jim Lyski 
EVP, Chief Marketing Officer 
 
Eric Margolin 
EVP, General Counsel and 
   Corporate Secretary 
 
Diane Cafritz 
SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
Jon Daniels 
SVP, CarMax Auto Finance 
 
Shamim Mohammad 
SVP, Chief Information Officer 
 
Darren Newberry 
SVP, Store Operations 
 
Joe Wilson 
SVP, Store Strategy and Logistics 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 

Steve Allocco 
VP, Information Technology 
 
Dave Banks 
VP, Information Technology 
 
Ron Bevers 
VP, Cross-Functional Stores 
 
Dan Bickett 
VP, Store Delivery and Support Services 
 
Mike Callahan 
VP, Chief Financial Officer, CarMax Auto  
   Finance 
 
Craig Cronheim 
VP, Human Resources and Asset Protection 
 
Laura Donahue 
VP, Advertising 
 
Kevin Duck 
VP, Chief Credit Officer, CarMax Auto 
   Finance 
 
Bryan Ennis 
VP, Product 
 
Mike Farris 
VP, Chief Operating Officer, CarMax Auto 
   Finance 
 
Greg Fitzharris 
VP, Deputy General Counsel 
 
Cherri Heart 
VP, Chief Information Security Officer 
 
Katharine Kenny 
VP, Investor Relations 
 
Sarah Lane 
VP, Marketing Strategy 
 

Matt Linderman 
VP, Information Technology 
 
Jill Livesay 
VP, Controller 
 
Ross Longood 
VP, Deputy General Counsel 
 
Tom Marcey 
VP, Regional Merchandising 
 
Enrique Mayor-Mora 
VP, Treasurer 
 
Andy McMonigle 
VP, Finance 
 
Rob Mitchell 
VP, Financial Services and Products 
 
Douglass Moyers 
VP, Real Estate 
 
Lynn Mussatt 
VP, Business Operations and Customer 
   Relations 
 
Gautam Puranik 
VP, Marketing Analytics 
 
Julie Reed 
VP, Procurement and Strategic Sourcing 
 
Scott Rivas 
VP, Human Resources 
 
Marty Sberna 
VP, Regional Service Operations 
 
Mac Stuckey 
VP, Deputy General Counsel 
 
 
 

 

83 

Since 2003, CarMax and The CarMax 
Foundation  have  donated  more  
than $50 million to the causes that 
matter  to  our  associates.  In  fiscal  
2018,  teams  of  associates  from  
100% of our locations participated 
in more than 1,600 volunteer team-
builder  events.  Pictured  here  are 
CarMax  volunteers  participating 
in  a  KaBOOM!  playground  build 
in  Seattle,  Washington  (left)  and 
assisting the Red Cross in Houston, 
Texas (right).

s
e
r
a
C

 

x
a
M
r
a
C

Corporate & shareholder inforMation

hoMe offiCe
CarMax, Inc. 
12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway 
Richmond, Virginia 23238 
Telephone: (804) 747-0422

Website
www.carmax.com

annUal shareholders’ Meeting
Tuesday, June 26, 2018, at 1:00 p.m. ET 
Hilton Richmond Hotel, Short Pump 
12042 West Broad Street 
Richmond, Virginia 23233

stoCK inforMation
CarMax, Inc. common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange 
under the ticker symbol KMX. 

As  of  February  28,  2018,  there  were  approximately  3,300  CarMax 
shareholders of record. This number excludes shareholders holding 
stock under nominee security position listings.

transfer agent and registrar
Contact our transfer agent for questions regarding your stock certifi-
cates, including changes of address, name or ownership; lost cer-
tificates; or to consolidate multiple accounts.

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC 
6201 15th Avenue 
Brooklyn, NY 11219 
Toll free: (866) 714-7297 
Via email: info@amstock.com 
Website: www.astfinancial.com

independent aUditors
KPMG LLP 
1021 East Cary Street, Suite 2000 
Richmond, Virginia 23219

finanCial inforMation
For quarterly sales and earnings information, financial reports, fil-
ings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, news releases 
and other investor information, please visit our investor website at 
investors.carmax.com.  Information  may  also  be  obtained  from  the 
Investor Relations Department at:

Email: investor_relations@carmax.com  
Telephone: (804) 747-0422, ext. 4391

Corporate governanCe inforMation
Copies of the CarMax Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Code of  
Business Conduct, and the charters for each of the Audit Committee,  
Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation and 
Personnel  Committee  are  available  from  our  investor  website,  at  
investors.carmax.com, under the corporate governance tab. Alter na-
tively, shareholders may obtain, without charge, copies of these docu-
ments by writing to Investor Relations at the CarMax home office.

investor relations
Security analysts and investors are invited to contact:

Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations 
Telephone: (804) 935-4591 
Email: katharine_kenny@carmax.com

general inforMation
Members of the media and others seeking general information about 
CarMax should contact:

Catherine Gryp, Director, Public Relations 
Telephone: (855) 887-2915 
Email: pr@carmax.com 

DEsigN: ViVO DEsigN, iNc.  sTOrE phOTOgraphy: JEFF Zaruba

CARMAX, INC. 

12800 tuCkAhoe CReek pARkwAy

RIChMoNd, vIRgINIA 23238  

804 747 0422

www.CARMAX.CoM

