Annual Report

FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 2, 2018

A commitment to quality and value at 768 locations and on Costco.com

THE COMPANY

Costco Wholesale Corporation and its subsidiaries (Costco or the Company) began operations in 1983 in
Seattle, Washington. In October 1993, Costco merged with The Price Company, which had pioneered the
membership warehouse concept in 1976, to form Price/Costco, inc., a Delaware corporation. In January
1997, after the spin-off of most of its non-warehouse assets to Price Enterprises, Inc., the Company changed
its name to Costco Companies, Inc. On August 30,1999, the Company reincorporated from Delaware to
Washington and changed its name to Costco Wholesale Corporation, which trades on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market under the symbol "COST."

Costco currently operates 768 warehouses, including 533 in the United States and Puerto Rico, 100 in 
Canada, 39 in Mexico, 28 in the United Kingdom, 26 in Japan, 15 in Korea, 13 in Taiwan, 10 in Australia, 
two in Spain, one in Iceland, and one in France. Costco also operates e-commerce sites in the U.S., Canada,
the United Kingdom, Mexico, Korea, and Taiwan.

Provided below is information related to our Membership and Sales per Warehouse which supplements
additional key metrics found on page 20.

KEY FINANCIAL METRICS

Average Sales Per Warehouse*

(Sales In Millions)

   Year
Opened
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009 & Before

Totals

# of

Whses
21
26
29
23
30
26
15
21
13
558 $131

$103
106
149

$94
140

$105
120
122
158

762 $131

$139
2009 2010

$146
2011

$155
2012

$121
97
94
125
124
139
148
155
177

$87
85
115
116
130
139
151
172

$116
142
118
112
140
137
152
163
168
190

$83
109
113
128
139
148
173

$162
2015

$159
2016

$163
2017

$176
2018

$108
109
124
136
144
173

$99
115
130
135
166

$164
$160
2014
2013
Fiscal Year

*First year sales annualized.
2009 and 2010 exclude the results of our joint venture partnership in Mexico

      

December 14, 2018

Dear Costco Shareholders:

When Costco was founded 35 years ago, we did not envision that we would become a $138 billion retailer, 
employ  over  245,000  people,  operate  over  750  warehouses  or  serve  more  than  94  million  members
worldwide.  Nor did we envision the breadth of products and services we now offer; or that what began as
a “cash-and-carry” operation would extend to delivering products to our members’ doorsteps.  What we did
know,  and  set  out  to  do,  was  maintain  a  steadfast  commitment  to  value  and  integrity.    We  honor  this 
commitment in all aspects of our business, from providing quality merchandise at terrific prices; to treating
members, employees, and vendors with courtesy and respect; and to working closely with suppliers to
promote fairness, dignity, and safety throughout our supply chains.

These commitments, and our unwavering “do the right thing” philosophy, led us to another strong year in
fiscal 2018. Net sales for the 52-week fiscal year totaled $138 billion, an increase of 9.7 percent, with a 
comparable sales increase of 9 percent. Net income for the 52-week fiscal year was $3.134 billion, or $7.09
per share, an increase of 17 percent. Revenue from membership fees increased 10.1 percent to $3.142
billion. 

In addition to investing $3 billion in capital expenditures during fiscal 2018 to expand our business in many 
ways, strong cash flows in fiscal 2018 allowed us to also declare dividends of $939 million and repurchase 
shares of $322 million.  As well, income tax savings from the recent U.S. tax law changes provided funding 
to raise wages for most of our U.S. employees.

Costco remains strong and competitive in today's dynamic retail climate. We continue to open warehouses 
domestically and internationally, expand and improve our ecommerce business, and add products under 
our Kirkland Signature™ brand. The Kirkland Signature™ brand has become globally recognized as a “gold 
standard” of high quality and exceptional value. In 2018, Kirkland Signature sales exceeded $39 billion, 
compared to $35 billion in the prior year. We have broadened our selection in apparel, organic and fresh
foods, household basics, sporting goods, and health and beauty products, including the introduction of a 
new razor. We have also intensified our focus on in-country sourcing, driving costs down, enhancing member 
value, and reducing the environmental impacts of transportation.

With respect to vertical integration, we continue to explore opportunities that will allow us to realize even 
greater member satisfaction, whether driven by price, quality or a combination. We enjoy continued success 
in  our  bakery  commissary  in  Canada,  various  packaging  operations,  optical  and  pharmacy  central-fill 
locations, and U.S. meat plants. Our chicken complex in Nebraska, which is currently under construction, 
should yield similar results.

In 2018, we reached a milestone with our 750
 2018 expansion included the
opening of 21 new warehouses around the globe, with our 100th location in Canada; and we continue to 
add gas stations and other ancillary services to locations in different countries. We are not only focused on 
new markets, but how we strategically infill and relocate within markets where we currently operate. In
2019, we expect to open 23 new warehouses and relocate up to 4 warehouses to more ideal locations. 
Especially anticipated is the planned opening in 2019 of our West Shanghai warehouse, our first in China. 

(cid:87)(cid:75)(cid:3)warehouse location.  Fiscal

n.

r

Our capital plans also extend to making improvements in our logistics that will drive value for our members. 
We are investing in new ecommerce fulfillment centers and improved transportation logistics.

Membership renewal rates in the U.S. and Canada were 90 percent, and renewal rates worldwide saw an
increase to 88 percent. We are seeing higher sign-up rates from younger generations and a more diverse 
membership base. This shift can be partially attributed to our buyers’ increased focus on products that have
an appeal that spans generations as well as sourcing products globally to expand cultural and ethnic 
offerings.

Strong comparable sales and shopping frequency during fiscal 2018 reaffirm the demand and desire by 
our members to shop in our warehouses. In 2018, we tested technology that will allow merchandise to be 
moved faster through the registers and deployed self-checkout registers as well as self-ordering kiosks for 
the Food Court.  Research and development is underway toward a fob that will allow members to pay for 
gas with a single swipe, eliminating the need to access their membership or credit cards.  

We remain keenly aware that changing preferences of consumers, technological advancements and the 
ever-changing retail climate will continue to alter the ways in which members shop. “Hot buys,” ecommerce
product showcases, online ordering capabilities and grocery delivery have all contributed to sales growth 
of over 30% in ecommerce for the fiscal year. Along with everyday merchandise, impressive sales were 
achieved in high-end items at outstanding values, such as Super Bowl tickets packages, diamonds, tablets
and laptops, designer handbags and accessories, and once-in-a-lifetime vacation packages. Our new “hotel 
only” booking engine and expanded partnerships with new hotels provide greater value and convenience 
for our members.  Such activities have positively impacted our business, both online and in-warehouse, 
and are helping our sales momentum, while also increasing our digital presence. 

We remain committed to operating our business and sourcing our products using sustainable practices, 
being mindful of our global impact on people, communities and the environment. We believe sustainability 
is important to many of us who care deeply about how and where a product originates, the treatment of 
workers and animals, and environmental impacts. We strive to be good stewards and follow our code of 
conduct,  requiring  sustainable  practices  from  suppliers,  manufacturers,  and  farmers.  This  includes 
eliminating harmful chemicals, emphasizing recycled and compostable packaging materials, saving energy 
at our warehouses and depots, and donating more perishable items to food banks. 

We continue to be proud of creating a climate of inclusion, diversity and a positive work environment for 
employees globally. We recognize our consistently efficient and loyal employee base with competitive pay
and benefits, and opportunities for growth and advancement. These sentiments were recently acknowledged 
in a survey by Indeed, identifying Costco as one of the top five Best Rated Workplaces in 2018 among
Fortune 500 companies. Our relationship with our employees is fundamental to driving our business not 
only in the present, but over the long term. 

We reached a key milestone as Costco co-founder Jim Sinegal stepped down in 2018, ending 35 years
with the Company. Jim’s extraordinary vision, passion and work ethic have impacted so many. While Jim 
still is frequently seen at the corporate headquarters and regularly visits warehouses, he is enjoying more 
time with family and actively participating in philanthropic and other pursuits. We remain resolute in carrying 
on the principal philosophy and values that Jim, along with Jeff Brotman, originally established for Costco
in 1983. 

In closing, I express my gratitude to the 245,000 employees and more than 94 million members worldwide 
who help make Costco the undeniable leader in membership warehouses, and one of the best retailers 
worldwide.

Thank you for your continued trust in and support of Costco. May the year ahead bring you and your families 
good health, happiness, peace, and prosperity.

Sincerely,

Craig Jelinek
President and Chief Executive Officer

768 locations as of December 31,
768 locations as of December 3

8

Canada
100

United States and
Puerto Rico   
533

Mexico
Mexicoo
MMM
39

UNITED 
STATES

COSTCO.COM
ALABAMA – 4
ALASKA – 4
ARIZONA – 18
CALIFORNIA – 128
COLORADO – 14
CONNECTICUT – 6
DELAWARE – 1
FLORIDA – 26
GEORGIA – 12
HAWAII – 7
IDAHO – 5
ILLINOIS – 19
INDIANA – 6
IOWA – 3
KANSAS – 3
KENTUCKY – 4
LOUISIANA – 3
MARYLAND – 11
MASSACHUSETTS – 6

MICHIGAN – 15
MINNESOTA – 10
MISSOURI – 6
MONTANA – 5
NEBRASKA – 3
NEVADA – 8
NEW HAMPSHIRE – 1
NEW JERSEY – 19
NEW MEXICO – 3
NEW YORK – 19
NORTH CAROLINA – 8
NORTH DAKOTA – 1
OHIO – 12
OKLAHOMA – 1
OREGON – 13
PENNSYLVANIA – 11
SOUTH CAROLINA – 6
SOUTH DAKOTA – 1
TENNESSEE – 5
TEXAS – 31

UTAH – 11
VERMONT – 111 1
VIRGINIA – 17
WASHINGTON – 32222
WISCONSIN – 9
WASHINGTON, D.C. – 1
PUERTO RICO – 4

CANADA 
COSTCO.CA
COS
ALBERTA – 17
ALBE
BRITISH COLUMBIA – 14
MANITOBA – 3
NEW BRUNSWICK – 3
NEWFOUNDLAND AND   DDD   
 LABRADOR – 1
NOVA SCOTIA – 2

ONTARIO – 36
QUÉBEC – 21
SASKATCHEWAN – 3

MEXICO 

COSTCO.COM.MX
AGUASCALIENTES – 1
BAJA CALIFORNIA – 4
BAJA CALIFORNIA SUR – 1
CHIHUAHUA – 2
COAHUILA – 1
GUANAJUATO   3
GUANAJUATO – 3
JALISCO – 3

MÉXICO – 55
55
MÉXICO, D.F. – 44
MICHOACÁN – 1
MORELOS – 1
NUEVO LEÓN – 3
PUEBLA – 1
QUERÉTARO – 1
QUINTANA ROO – 1
SAN LUIS POTOSÍ – 1
SINALOA – 1
SONORA – 1
TABASCO – 1
VERACRUZ   2
VERACRUZ – 2
YUCATÁN – 1

Japan
26

South Korea
15

Far East

Taiwan
13

Europe

Australia
10

Iceland
1

United Kingdom
28

France
1

Spain
2

UNITED 
KINGDOM

COSTCO.CO.UK
ENGLAND – 24
SCOTLAND – 3
WALES – 1

JAPAN

KA – 2

AICHI – 1
A
IBA – 2
HIBAHCHCH
FUKUOKA
UOKAUOKA
KUOKA
GIFU – 1
GUGUNMA – 1
HIROSHIMA – 1

HOKKAIDO – 1
HYOGO – 2
IBARAKI – 2
ISHIKAWA – 1
KANAGAWA – 3
KYOTO – 1
MIYAGI – 1
OSAKA – 1
SAITAMA – 2
SHIZUOKA – 1
TOKYO – 1
TOYAMA – 1
YAMAGATA – 1

SOUTH 
KOREA 

COSTCO.CO.KR
BUSAN – 1
CHUNGCHEONGNAM-DO – 1
DAEGU – 2
DAEJEON – 1
GYEONGGI-DO – 4
INCHEON – 1
SEJONG – 1
SEOUL – 3
ULSAN – 1

TAIWAN 

COSTCO.CO.TW
CHIAYI CITY – 1
HSINCHU CITY – 1
KAOHSIUNG CITY – 2
NEW TAIPEI CITY – 3
TAICHUNG CITY – 1
TAINAN CITY – 1
TAIPEI CITY – 2
TAOYUAN CITY – 2

AUSTRALIA 

AUSTRALIA CAPITAL 
TERRITORY – 1
NEW SOUTH WALES – 3
QUEENSLAND – 1
SOUTH AUSTRALIA – 1
VICTORIA – 4

SPAIN 

ICELAND 

FRANCE

COR000075C  0618

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended September 2, 2018 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number 0-20355

Costco Wholesale Corporation
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Washington

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

91-1223280

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

999 Lake Drive, Issaquah, WA 98027

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (425) 313-8100

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock, $.01 Par Value

Name of each exchange on

which registered

The NASDAQ Global Select Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

   NO

   NO

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
YES 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
YES 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was 
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for 
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES    NO 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter)
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information 
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a 
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated 
filer”, “smaller reporting company”, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

   NO

  
  

Accelerated filer 
Smaller reporting company 

Large accelerated filer 
Non-accelerated filer 
Emerging growth company 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the 
Exchange Act.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES    NO
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of February 18, 2018 was
$83,850,253,577.
The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock as of October 18, 2018 was 438,208,376.

Portions of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on January 24, 2019,
are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 2, 2018

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I
Item 1.
Item 1A.
Item 1B.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.

PART II
Item 5.

Item 6.
Item 7.

Item 7A.
Item 8.
Item 9.

Item 9A.
Item 9B.

PART III
Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.

Item 13.
Item 14.

PART IV
Item 15.
Item 16.

Page

3
8
15
16
17
17

17
20

21
31
33

62
62
64

64
64

64
64
64

65
67
68

Business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unresolved Staff Comments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Legal Proceedings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mine Safety Disclosures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selected Financial Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 

Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial 

Disclosure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Executive Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 

Stockholder Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. . . . .
Principal Accounting Fees and Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Form 10-K Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2

INFORMATION RELATING TO FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements contained in this Report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They include statements that address activities, events, conditions 
or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future and may relate to such matters as
sales growth, changes in comparable sales, cannibalization of existing locations by new openings, price or 
fee changes, earnings performance, earnings per share, stock-based compensation expense, warehouse
openings and closures, capital spending, the effect of adopting certain accounting standards, future financial 
reporting, financing, margins, return on invested capital, strategic direction, expense controls, membership 
renewal rates, shopping frequency, litigation, and the demand for our products and services. Forward-looking
statements may also be identified by the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” 
“intend,” “may,” “might,” “likely,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” 
or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, or performance to differ materially from those indicated 
by such statements, including, without limitation, the factors set forth in the section titled “Item 1A-Risk
Factors”, and other factors noted in the section titled “Item 7-Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in the consolidated financial statements and related 
notes in Item 8 of this Report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we
do not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law.

Item 1—Business

PART I

Costco Wholesale Corporation and its subsidiaries (Costco or the Company) began operations in 1983, in
Seattle, Washington. We are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the United
States (U.S.) and Puerto Rico, Canada, United Kingdom (U.K.), Mexico, Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, 
France, Iceland, and through a majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Costco operated 762, 741, and 715
warehouses worldwide at September 2, 2018, September 3, 2017, and August 28, 2016, respectively. Our 
common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, under the symbol “COST.”

We report on a 52/53-week fiscal year, consisting of thirteen four-week periods and ending on the Sunday
nearest the end of August. The first three quarters consist of three periods each, and the fourth quarter 
consists of four periods (five weeks in the thirteenth period in a 53-week year). The material seasonal impact 
in our operations is increased net sales and earnings during the winter holiday season. References to 2018
and 2016 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended September 2, 2018, and August 28, 2016, respectively.
References to 2017 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2017.

General

We operate membership warehouses based on the concept that offering our members low prices on a limited
selection of nationally branded and private-label products in a wide range of categories will produce high
sales volumes and rapid inventory turnover. When combined with the operating efficiencies achieved by
volume  purchasing,  efficient  distribution  and  reduced  handling  of  merchandise  in  no-frills,  self-service
warehouse facilities, these volumes and turnover enable us to operate profitably at significantly lower gross
margins (net sales less merchandise costs) than most other retailers. We generally sell inventory before we 
are required to pay for it, even while taking advantage of early payment discounts.

We buy most of our merchandise directly from manufacturers and route it to cross-docking consolidation 
points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from manufacturers and 
quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies,
lowering costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels.

Our average warehouse space is approximately 145,000 square feet, with newer units being slightly larger.
Floor plans are designed for economy and efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise,
and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and

3

low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a
membership  format,  we  believe  our  inventory  losses  (shrinkage)  are  well  below  those  of  typical  retail
operations.

Our warehouses on average operate on a seven-day, 70-hour week. Gasoline operations generally have
extended hours. Because the hours of operation are shorter than other retailers, and due to other efficiencies
inherent in a warehouse-type operation, labor costs are lower relative to the volume of sales. Merchandise
is generally stored on racks above the sales floor and displayed on pallets containing large quantities, 
reducing labor required. In general, with variations by country, our warehouses accept certain credit, including
the Costco co-branded card, and debit cards, cash, and checks.

Our strategy is to provide our members with a broad range of high-quality merchandise at prices we believe
are consistently lower than elsewhere. We seek to limit items to fast-selling models, sizes, and colors. We
carry an average of approximately 3,700 active stock keeping units (SKUs) per warehouse in our core
warehouse business, significantly less than other broadline retailers. Many consumable products are offered
for sale in case, carton, or multiple-pack quantities only.

In keeping with our policy of member satisfaction, we generally accept returns of merchandise. On certain
electronic items, we typically have a 90-day return policy and provide, free of charge, technical support
services,  as  well  as  an  extended  warranty. Additional  third-party  warranty  coverage  is  sold  on  certain
electronic items.

We offer merchandise in the following categories:

•  Food and Sundries (including dry foods, packaged foods, groceries, snack foods, candy, alcoholic 

and nonalcoholic beverages, and cleaning supplies)

•  Hardlines (including major appliances, electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, and garden

and patio)

•  Fresh Foods (including meat, produce, deli, and bakery)

•  Softlines (including apparel and small appliances)

•  Ancillary (including gasoline and pharmacy businesses)

Ancillary businesses within or next to our warehouses provide expanded products and services, encouraging
members to shop more frequently. These businesses include gas stations, pharmacies, optical dispensing 
centers, food courts, and hearing-aid centers. The number of warehouses with gas stations vary significantly
by country, and we do not operate our gasoline business in Korea or France. We operated 567 gas stations
at the end of 2018. 

Our e-commerce operations allow us to connect with our members online and provide additional products 
and services, many not found in our warehouses. We operate e-commerce websites in the U.S., Canada,
Mexico, U.K., Korea, and Taiwan. Net sales for e-commerce represented approximately 4% of total net sales
in 2018. Additionally, we offer business delivery, travel and various other services online in certain countries.

We have direct buying relationships with many producers of national brand-name merchandise. We do not
obtain a significant portion of merchandise from any one supplier. We generally have not experienced difficulty
in  obtaining  sufficient  quantities  of  merchandise  and  believe  that  if  current  sources  of  supply  became
unavailable, we would be able to obtain alternative sources without substantial disruption of our business. 
We also purchase and manufacture private-label merchandise, as long as quality and member demand are 
comparable and the value to our members is significant.

Certain financial information for our segments and geographic areas is included in Note 11 to the consolidated
financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.

4

Membership

Our members may utilize their memberships at our warehouses worldwide. Gold Star memberships are 
available  to  individuals;  Business  memberships  are  limited  to  businesses,  including  individuals  with  a 
business license, retail sales license or comparable evidence. Business members have the ability to add
additional cardholders (affiliates), to which the same annual fee applies. Affiliates are not available for Gold
Star members. Our annual fee for these memberships is $60 in our U.S. and Canadian operations and varies
in other countries. All paid memberships include a free household card.

Our member renewal rate was 90% in the U.S. and Canada and 88% on a worldwide basis at the end of 
2018. The majority of members renew within six months following their renewal date. Therefore, our renewal 
rate is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the
reporting date.

Our membership was made up of the following (in thousands):

2018

2017

2016

Gold Star . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Business, including affiliates. . . . . . . . . .
Total paid members . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Household cards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total cardholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

40,700
10,900
51,600
42,700
94,300

38,600
10,800
49,400
40,900
90,300

36,800
10,800
47,600
39,100
86,700

Paid cardholders (except Business affiliates) are eligible to upgrade to an Executive membership in the U.S.
and Canada for an additional annual fee of $60. Executive memberships are also available in Mexico and
the U.K., for which the additional annual fee varies. Executive members earn a 2% reward on qualified 
purchases (up to a maximum reward of $1,000 per year in U.S. and Canada and varies in Mexico and the 
U.K.), and can be redeemed only at Costco warehouses. This program also offers (except in Mexico), access 
to additional savings and benefits on various business and consumer services, such as auto and home
insurance, the Costco auto purchase program, and check printing services. These services are generally 
provided by third parties and vary by state and country. Executive members, who represented 37% of paid 
members at the end of 2018, generally shop more frequently and spend more than other members.

Labor

Our employee count was as follows:

Full-time employees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 143,000
Part-time employees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 102,000
Total employees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 245,000

2018

2017

133,000
98,000
231,000

2016

126,000
92,000
218,000

Approximately 15,900 employees are union employees. We consider our employee relations to be very 
good.

Competition

Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, 
convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, 
national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, 
gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category 
or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon.com are among our significant general

5

merchandise retail competitors. We also compete with warehouse club operations (primarily Walmart’s Sam’s 
Club and BJ’s Wholesale Club), and nearly every major U.S. and Mexico metropolitan area has multiple
club operations.

Intellectual Property

We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade 
secrets, patents, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our 
business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection 
of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale® trademarks and our private-label brand,
Kirkland Signature®. We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered to our members 
at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and that they help lower costs, differentiate our 
merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales 
penetration of our private label items.

®

We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other 
agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability 
and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may 
be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are properly maintained.

Available Information

Our U.S. website is www.costco.com. We make available through the Investor Relations section of that site,
free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on 
Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after filing such materials with or furnishing such documents to the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC). The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report 
filed with or furnished to the SEC. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the
SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also 
maintains a site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding 
issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

We have adopted a code of ethics for senior financial officers pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Copies of the code are available free of charge by writing to Secretary, Costco Wholesale Corporation,
999 Lake Drive, Issaquah, WA 98027. If the Company makes any amendments to this code (other than 
technical, administrative, or non-substantive amendments) or grants any waivers, including implicit waivers, 
from this code to the CEO, chief financial officer or principal accounting officer and controller, we will disclose
(on our website or in a Form 8-K report filed with the SEC) the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective 
date, and to whom it applies.

6

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The executive officers of Costco, their position, and ages are listed below. All executive officers have over 
25 years of service with the Company.

Name
W. Craig Jelinek . . . . . . . . President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jelinek has 
been  President  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  since 
January 2012 and a director since February 2010. He 
was  President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer  from 
February 2010 to December 2011. Prior to that he was 
Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Operating  Officer,
Merchandising since 2004.

Position

Richard A. Galanti . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial  Officer.

Mr. Galanti has been a director since January 1995.

Jim C. Klauer. . . . . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Operating  Officer,
Northern Division. Mr. Klauer was Senior Vice President, 
Non Foods and E-commerce merchandise, from 2013 
to January 2018.

Franz E. Lazarus. . . . . . . . Executive Vice President, Administration. Mr. Lazarus 
was  Senior  Vice  President,  Administration-Global 
Operations, from 2006 to September 2012.

Russ D. Miller . . . . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Operating  Officer,
Southern Division and Mexico. Mr. Miller was Senior Vice 
President,  Western  Canada  Region,  from  2001  to 
January 2018.

Paul G. Moulton . . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Information  Officer. 
Mr. Moulton was Executive Vice President, Real Estate
Development, from 2001 until March 2010.

James P. Murphy. . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Operating  Officer,
International.  Mr. Murphy  was  Senior  Vice  President, 
International, from 2004 to October 2010.

Joseph P. Portera . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Operating  Officer,
Eastern and Canadian Divisions. Mr. Portera has held 
these  positions  since  1994  and  has  been  the  Chief 
Diversity Officer since 2010.

Timothy L. Rose . . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President,  Ancillary  Businesses,
Manufacturing,  and  Business  Centers.  Mr.  Rose  was 
Senior  Vice  President,  Merchandising,  Food  and 
Sundries  and  Private  Label,  from  1995  to  December 
2012. 

Ron M. Vachris . . . . . . . . . Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Operating  Officer,
Merchandising. Mr. Vachris was Senior Vice President, 
Real  Estate  Development,  from August  2015  to  June 
2016,  and  Senior  Vice  President,  General  Manager, 
Northwest Region, from 2010 to July 2015.

Executive

Officer
Since
1995

Age
66

1993

2018

62

56

2012

71

2018

61

2001

67

2011

65

1994

66

2013

66

2016

53

7

Item 1A—Risk Factors

The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. We could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. 
and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be
immaterial. These Risk Factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with Management's Discussion 
and Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations  in  Item 7  and  our  consolidated  financial
statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report.

Business and Operating Risks

p

g

We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations.

Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations, which 
comprised 87% and 83% of net sales and operating income in 2018, respectively. Within the U.S., we are
highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 30% of U.S. net sales in 2018. Our California
market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic
markets. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect 
our business and financial results. Declines in financial performance of our U.S. operations, particularly in 
California, and our Canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in 
comparable  warehouse  sales  (comparable  sales);  negative  trends  in  operating  expenses,  including 
increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing 
existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes 
or  uncertainties  in  economic  conditions  in  our  markets,  including  higher  levels  of  unemployment  and 
depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products.

We may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in 
existing markets and new markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and 
depots. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and other 
regulations  restricting  the  construction  and  operation  of  our  warehouses  and  depots,  as  well  as  local 
community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption 
of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable 
locations and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating warehouses and depots.
We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. In addition, 
certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation 
or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us. Failure to effectively manage 
these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses 
and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.

We seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. A new warehouse may draw 
members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance,
member traffic, and profitability.

We intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. Associated risks include difficulties in attracting
members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lack
of familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. Entry into new markets
may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established 
market presence. We cannot ensure that new warehouses and new websites will be profitable and, as a 
result, future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.

8

Our failure to maintain membership growth, loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our 
results of operations.

Membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business. The extent to which we achieve growth in our 
membership base, increase the penetration of our Executive members, and sustain high renewal rates
materially influences our profitability. Damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable 
sales, diminish member trust, and reduce member renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership 
fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.

We  sell  many  products  under  our  Kirkland  Signature  brand.  Maintaining  consistent  product  quality,
competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member 
loyalty. These products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products carried in our 
warehouses and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. If the Kirkland Signature brand experiences
a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.

Disruptions in our merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other 
facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.

We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through
our depots. We also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our 
business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. Although we believe that our operations
are efficient, disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, labor 
issues or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our 
warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members.

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect
our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.

It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire.
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer 
preferences.  Failure  to  identify  timely  or  effectively  respond  to  changing  consumer  tastes,  preferences
(including those relating to sustainability of product sources and animal welfare) and spending patterns could
negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our 
market share. If we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly,
we  may  have  excess  inventory,  which  could  result  in  additional  markdowns  and  reduce  our  operating
performance. This could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.

We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage 
our businesses. Failure or disruption of our primary and back-up systems could adversely affect 
our businesses. A failure to adequately update our existing systems and implement new systems 
could harm our businesses and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Given the very high volume of transactions we process each year it is important that we maintain uninterrupted
operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our systems, including our back-up systems, are subject 
to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, 
internal  or  external  security  breaches,  catastrophic  events  such  as  fires,  earthquakes,  tornadoes  and
hurricanes, and errors by our employees. If our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may 
have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations
in the interim. Any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

We are currently making, and will continue to make, investments to improve or advance critical information 
systems and processing capabilities. Failure to monitor and choose the right investments and implement
them at the right pace would be harmful. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system
changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk.
Excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult 

9

for us to realize benefits. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making
an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive
position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. The potential problems and
interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of 
our operations. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed
schedule or at a higher cost.

We identified a material weakness in our internal control related to ineffective information technology
general controls which, if not remediated appropriately or timely, could result in loss of investor 
confidence and adversely impact our stock price.

Internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018,
management identified a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology
general  controls  (ITGCs)  in  the  areas  of  user  access  and  program  change-management  over  certain 
information technology (IT) systems that support the Company’s financial reporting processes. As a result,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 
2, 2018. We are implementing remedial measures and, while there can be no assurance that our efforts will 
be successful, we plan to remediate the material weakness prior to the end of fiscal 2019. These measures
will result in additional technology and other expenses. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness,
or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls 
and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare 
financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to
litigation  or  investigations  requiring  management  resources  and  payment  of  legal  and  other  expenses,
negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price.

If we do not maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information, we could damage
our reputation with members and employees, incur substantial additional costs, and become subject
to litigation.

We receive, retain, and transmit personal information about our members and employees and entrust that 
information to third-party business associates, including cloud service-providers that perform activities for 
us. Our warehouse and online businesses depend upon the secure transmission of encrypted confidential
information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. A compromise of our 
security systems or defects within our hardware or software, or those of our business associates, that results
in our members' or employees' information being obtained by unauthorized persons, could adversely affect 
our  reputation  with  our  members  and  others,  as  well  as  our  operations,  results  of  operations,  financial
condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation, government actions, or the imposition of penalties. In 
addition, a breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security of 
information systems and could disrupt our operations.

The use of data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the national and state or local
level in all of our operating countries. Privacy and information-security laws and regulations change, and
compliance with them may result in cost increases due to, among other things, systems changes and the
development of new processes. If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these
laws and regulations, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we 
could be subjected to additional legal risk as a result of non-compliance, including fines of up to 4% of our 
global revenue in the case of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We do not maintain cyber-
insurance for these risks.

We have security measures and controls to protect personal and business information and continue to make
investments to secure access to our information technology network. These measures may be undermined, 
however, due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, internal or external malfeasance, or otherwise,
and, as a result an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business
and personal information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade

10

service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we
may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them, or implement adequate
preventative measures. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial 
exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have an adverse effect on our business and results of 
operations.

We are subject to payment-related risks.

We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash and checks, a select variety of credit and 
debit cards, and our proprietary cash card. As we offer new payment options to our members, we may be 
subject  to  additional  rules,  regulations,  compliance  requirements,  and  higher  fraud  losses.  For  certain
payment  methods,  we  pay  interchange  and  other  related  card  acceptance  fees,  along  with  additional
transaction processing fees. We rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services,
including the processing of credit and debit cards, and our proprietary cash card, and it could disrupt our 
business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject
to  payment  card  association  and  network  operating  rules,  including  data  security  rules,  certification
requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change over time. For example, 
we are subject to Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI DSS”), which contain compliance 
guidelines  and  standards  with  regard  to  our  security  surrounding  the  physical  and  electronic  storage,
processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. In addition, if our internal systems are breached
or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees
and lose our ability to accept credit and/or debit card payments from our members, and our business and 
operating results could be adversely affected.

We might sell products that cause illness or injury to our members, harm to our reputation, and 
expose us to litigation.

If our merchandise, such as food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children's
products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety
standards or our members' expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs,
litigation or reputational harm. The sale of these items involves the risk of health-related illness or injury to 
our members. Such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product 
contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, 
or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or 
faulty design. Our vendors are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we 
are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. While we are 
subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable
laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause illness or 
injury in the future or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to
such matters resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative 
publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and
brand image, and these effects could be long term.

If we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omnichannel experience for our members, 
our results of operations could be adversely impacted.

Omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and
new  developments  by  our  competitors.  Our  members  are  increasingly  using  mobile  phones,  tablets,
computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media. We are making technology
investments in our websites and mobile applications. If we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant
member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be 
adversely affected.

11

Inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Our success depends on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key
operations, merchandising and administrative personnel. Failure to identify and implement a succession
plan for key senior management could negatively impact the business.

We must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related
labor costs and maintaining our core values. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to
numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare
and other insurance costs. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and
invest significant resources in training and motivating them. There is no assurance that we will be able to
attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance.

The Company is predominantly self-insured for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, 
general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. Insurance
coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit the exposure arising from catastrophic events. The types
and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention
and regulatory requirements. Significant claims or events, regulatory changes, a substantial rise in costs of 
health care or costs to maintain our insurance, or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could
have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are primarily self-insured as it relates to property damage. Although we maintain specific coverages for 
catastrophic losses, we still bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the
destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory,
and business interruption caused by any such events to the extent they are below catastrophic levels of 
coverage, as well as any losses to the extent they exceed our aggregate limits of applicable coverages. 
Such losses could materially impact our cash flow and results of operations.

Market and Other External Risks

We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for members, employees, sites, products and services 
and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, 
both in the United States and in foreign countries, including other warehouse-club operators, supermarkets, 
supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores and 
operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Such retailers and warehouse club 
operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise pricing, selection and availability, services, 
location,  convenience,  store  hours,  and  the  attractiveness  and  ease  of  use  of  websites  and  mobile
applications. The evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers 
to comparison shop with digital devices, which has enhanced competition. Some competitors may have 
greater financial resources and technology capabilities, better access to merchandise, and greater market 
penetration than we do. Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail 
markets and member expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results. 

General  economic  factors,  domestically  and  internationally,  may  adversely  affect  our  business, 
financial condition, and results of operations.

Higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, 
foreign-currency  exchange  rates,  unsettled  financial  markets,  weaknesses  in  housing  and  real  estate 
markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal and tax 

12

policies including changes in tax rates, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, and other 
economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product
mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. Prices of certain commodity products, including
gasoline and other food products, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes
in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government
regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and
our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. These 
factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and
otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. General economic conditions can also be
affected by significant events like the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism.

Vendors may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may
fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise
inventories, sales, and profit margins.

We depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive
prices. As the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate
pricing or access to new products, and any vendor has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell
to us or discontinue selling to us. Member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions of our merchandise
leading to loss of sales and profits.

We buy from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. Our inability to acquire suitable 
merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key vendors could negatively affect us. We may not be able
to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser 
quality or more expensive than those from existing vendors. Because of our efforts to adhere to high quality
standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volume we
demand may not be consistently available.

Our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor 
disputes,  union  organizing  activities,  financial  liquidity,  inclement  weather,  natural  disasters,  supply 
constraints, and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us
with acceptable merchandise. For these or other reasons, one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to 
our quality control, legal, regulatory, labor, environmental or animal welfare standards. These deficiencies
may  delay  or  preclude  delivery  of  merchandise  to  us  and  might  not  be  identified  before  we  sell  such
merchandise to our members. This failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our 
reputation and our brands, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.

Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.

During 2018, our international operations, including Canada, generated 28% and 38% of our net sales and 
operating income, respectively. Our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our 
warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. To prepare our consolidated financial statements,
we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars
using current exchange rates. Future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely
affect the financial performance of our Canadian and Other International operations and have a corresponding
adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. As we continue to expand internationally, our 
exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.

A portion of the products we purchase for sale in our warehouses around the world is paid for in a currency
other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. Currency fluctuations may increase
our cost of goods and may not be passed on to members. Consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange
rates may adversely affect our results of operations.

13

Natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, typhoons or earthquakes, particularly in California or Washington
state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively
affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more
of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office 
facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption 
in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of 
goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots within the countries
in which we operate, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. Public
health issues, whether occurring in the U.S. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations
of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. These
events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. We 
may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.

We use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. U.S. 
and foreign government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result
in increased compliance and merchandise costs, and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs that
could materially affect our profitability. Climate change and extreme weather conditions, such as intense
hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels could affect our 
ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. We also sell a
substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change
and which could face increased regulation.

Failure to meet financial market expectations could adversely affect the market price and volatility 
of our stock.

We believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating
results. Any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our warehouse and e-commerce 
comparable sales growth rates, membership renewal rates, new member sign-ups, gross margin, earnings, 
earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the
market price of our stock to decline.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

g

g

y

Our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, 
regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, 
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

During 2018, we operated 235 warehouses outside of the U.S., and we plan to continue expanding our 
international operations. Future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of 
factors, many similar to those we face in the U.S., certain of which are beyond our control. These factors 
include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes such 
as the U.K.'s vote to withdraw from the European Union, commonly known as "Brexit", and other matters in 
any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Other factors that may impact 
international operations include foreign trade (including tariffs), monetary and fiscal policies and the laws 
and regulations of the U.S. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated 
with having major facilities in locations which have been historically less stable than the U.S. Risks inherent
in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international 
operations, adverse tax consequences, and difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.

14

Changes  in  accounting  standards  and  subjective  assumptions,  estimates  and  judgments  by
management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition 
and results of operations.

Accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply
to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including self-insurance liabilities and income
taxes, are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management.
Changes in rules or interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our 
management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance and have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.

We could be subject to additional income tax liabilities.

We compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. As
tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we
operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. Additionally, changes in the enacted
tax  rates,  adverse  outcomes  in  tax  audits,  including  transfer  pricing  disputes,  or  any  change  in  the
pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.

Significant changes in, or failure to comply with, federal, state, regional, local and international laws
and  regulations  relating  to  the  use,  storage,  discharge  and  disposal  of  hazardous  materials, 
hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations
relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous
wastes and other environmental matters. Failure to comply with these laws could result in harm to our 
members,  employees  or  others,  significant  costs  to  satisfy  environmental  compliance,  remediation  or 
compensatory  requirements,  or  the  imposition  of  severe  penalties  or  restrictions  on  operations  by 
governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could
subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation
costs. We are, or may become involved, in a number of legal proceedings and audits including grand jury
investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property
laws, and other litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other 
contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental
authorities.  The  outcome  of  some  of  these  proceedings,  audits,  unclaimed  property  laws,  and  other 
contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our 
operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition
and  results  of  operations. Additionally,  defending  against  these  lawsuits  and  proceedings  may  involve 
significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.

Item 1B—Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

15

Item 2—Properties

Warehouse Properties

At September 2, 2018, we operated 762 membership warehouses:

United States and Puerto Rico . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mexico . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
United Kingdom . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Japan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Korea(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Taiwan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Australia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Spain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Iceland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
France . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Own Land
and Building
426
86
38
22
12
11
—
7
2
—
1
605

and/or

Lease Land
Building(1)
101
14
1
6
14
4
13
3
—
1
—
157

Total
527
100
39
28
26
15
13
10
2
1
1
762

_______________

(1)  106 of the 157 leases are land-only leases, where Costco owns the building.
(2) 

In fiscal 2018, Costco purchased the remaining equity interest and three formerly leased locations from its former joint-venture 
partner in Korea.

The following schedule shows warehouse openings, net of closings and relocations, and expected openings
through December 31, 2018:

2014 and prior . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2019 (expected through 12/31/2018) .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

468
12
21
13
13
6
533

Other

International
107
10
6
7
5
1
136

Total
663
23
29
26
21
7
769

88
1
2
6
3
—
100

Total Warehouses

in Operation

663
686
715
741
762
769

At the end of fiscal 2018, our warehouses contained approximately 110.7 million square feet of operating 
floor space: 77.5 million in the U.S.; 13.9 million in Canada; and 19.3 million in Other International. We
operate 24 depots, with approximately 11.0 million square feet, for the consolidation and distribution of most 
merchandise  shipments  to  the  warehouses.  Additionally,  we  operate  various  processing,  packaging,
manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-
label items. Our executive offices are located in Issaquah, Washington, and we maintain 18 regional offices
in the U.S., Canada and Other International locations.

16

Item 3—Legal Proceedings

See discussion of Legal Proceedings in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 
of this Report.

Item 4—Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

Item 5—Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities

PART II

Market Information and Dividend Policy

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “COST.” On October 18,
2018, we had 8,829 stockholders of record. The following table shows the quarterly high and low closing
prices of our common stock as reported by NASDAQ for each quarter during the last two fiscal years and
the quarterly cash dividend declared per share.

2018:

Price Range

High

Low

Cash

Dividends
Declared

Fourth Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 233.13 $ 195.48 $
Third Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Second Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
First Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

180.84
172.61
154.61

197.16
198.91
173.42

2017:

Fourth Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 182.20 $ 150.44 $
Third Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Second Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
First Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

164.55
150.11
142.24

182.45
172.00
163.98

0.570
0.570
0.500
0.500

0.500
7.500 (1)
0.450
0.450

_______________
(1) 

Includes a special cash dividend of $7.00 per share.

Payment  of  future  dividends  is  subject  to  declaration  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  Factors  considered  in 
determining dividends include our profitability and expected capital needs. Subject to these qualifications,
we presently expect to continue to pay dividends on a quarterly basis.

17

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table sets forth information on our common stock repurchase program activity for the fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2018 (dollars in millions, except per share data):

Total Number
of Shares
Purchased

Average
Price Paid
per Share

96,000 $
134,000
111,000
78,000
419,000 $

198.61
208.49
216.06
225.20
211.35

Shares

Total Number of 
Purchased as 
Part of Publicly
Announced
Program(1)

Maximum Dollar
Value of Shares
that May Yet be

Purchased
under the
Program

96,000 $
134,000
111,000
78,000
419,000

2,497
2,469
2,445
2,427

Period
May 14—June 10, 2018 . . . . . . . . .
June 11—July 8, 2018 . . . . . . . . . .
July 9—August 5, 2018. . . . . . . . . .
August 6—September 2, 2018 . . . .
     Total fourth quarter. . . . . . . . . . .
_______________

expires in April 2019.

(1)  The repurchase program is conducted under a $4,000 authorization approved by our Board of Directors in April 2015, which 

18

Performance Graph

The  following  graph  compares  the  cumulative  total  shareholder  return  (stock  price  appreciation  plus 
dividends) on our common stock for the last five years with the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index,
the S&P 500 Retail Index, and a peer group previously selected by the Company.

The S&P 500 Retail Index is intended to replace the previously selected peer group to allow for a more broad 
representation of industry performance. The transition to a larger retail index provides a better representation 
of total retail market performance. For the year ended September 2, 2018, the cumulative total return of the 
previous peer group is provided pursuant to SEC rules requiring presentation in the year of change, and
consists of: Amazon.com Inc.; The Home Depot Inc.; Lowe's Companies; Best Buy Co., Inc.; Staples Inc.;
Target Corporation; Kroger Company; and Walmart Stores, Inc. This group will not be presented in future
periods.

The information provided is from September 1, 2013, through September 2, 2018. The graph assumes the 
investment of $100 in Costco common stock, the S&P 500 Index, the S&P 500 Retail Index, and the previously
selected peer group on September 1, 2013, and reinvestment of all dividends.

19

Item 6—Selected Financial Data

The following table sets forth information concerning our consolidated financial condition, operating results,
and key operating metrics. This information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in Item 7 of this Report, and our 
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, included in Item 8 of this Report.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

(dollars in millions, except per share data)

As of and for the year ended
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Sept. 2,
2018

Sept. 3,
2017

Aug. 28,

2016

Aug. 30,

2015

Aug. 31,

2014

(52 weeks)

(53 weeks)

(52 weeks)

(52 weeks)

(52 weeks)

Net sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 138,434
Membership fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,142
Gross margin(1) as a percentage of net 
sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative

expenses as a percentage of net sales . .

11.04%

Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Net income attributable to Costco . . . . . . . .
Net income per diluted common share

attributable to Costco . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash dividends declared per common

share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Changes in comparable sales(2)

United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other International . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Changes in Total Company comparable sales

excluding the impact of foreign currency
and gasoline prices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

BALANCE SHEET DATA

$ 126,172
2,853

$116,073
2,646

$113,666
2,533

$110,212
2,428

11.33%

11.35 %

11.09 %

10.66%

$

10.26%
4,111
2,679

10.40 %

$ 3,672
2,350

$

10.07 %
3,624
2,377

9.89%

$ 3,220
2,058

6.08

8.90

5.33

1.70

5.37

6.51

4.65

1.33

4%
5%
2%
4%

4%

1 %
(3)%
(3)%
0 %

4 %

3 %
(5)%
(3)%
1 %

7 %

5%
2%
3%
4%

6%

10.02%
4,480
3,134

7.09

2.14

9%
9%
11%
9%

7%

Net property and equipment. . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 19,681
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
40,830
Long-term debt, excluding current portion . .
6,487
Costco stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12,799

$ 18,161
36,347
6,573
10,778

$ 17,043
33,163
4,061
12,079

$ 15,401
33,017
4,852
10,617

$ 14,830
32,662
5,084
12,303

WAREHOUSE INFORMATION

Warehouses in Operation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Opened . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Closed due to relocation . . . . . . . . . . . .
End of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

MEMBERSHIP INFORMATION

741
25
(4)
762

715
28
(2)
741

686
33
(4)
715

663
26
(3)
686

634
30
(1)
663

Total paid members (000's) . . . . . . . . . . . . .

51,600

49,400

47,600

44,600

42,000

_______________

(1)  Net sales less merchandise costs.
(2) 

Includes net sales from warehouses and websites operating for more than one year. For fiscal 2017, the prior year includes the 
comparable 53 weeks. 

20

Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
(amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
Overview

We  believe  that  the  most  important  driver  of  our  profitability  is  sales  growth,  particularly  comparable 
warehouse sales (comparable sales) growth. We define comparable sales as sales from warehouses open 
for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, as well as online sales related to
e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. Comparable sales growth is achieved through 
increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit
(average ticket). Sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond
our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our 
international operations); and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions. The 
higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling,
general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability.
Generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right 
merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long term.
Another substantial factor in sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including 
the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the United States. Sales growth and gross margins are also
impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and
regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. While we cannot control or 
reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful 
historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to 
our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items, and through our online 
offerings.

Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not
focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a
perception among our members of our “pricing authority” on quality goods – consistently providing the most
competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices 
on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead
of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage 
of net sales (gross margin percentage). We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally 
has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. A higher penetration
of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may
significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth
which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our 
selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline 
prices has the inverse effect.

We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and 
desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively
less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial
operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses 
when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results
of our total operations. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the
smaller  base  in  those  markets,  and  we  expect  that  to  continue.  Our  e-commerce  business  growth,
domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales.

Our membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. 
This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which
we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our Executive members, and sustain
high renewal rates, materially influences our profitability. Our paid membership growth rate may be adversely 
impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets.

21

Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have
achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly
health care and utility expenses. With respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, 
our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our 
longer-term  objectives  of  reducing  employee  turnover  and  enhancing  employee  satisfaction  requires
maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This 
may  cause  us,  for  example,  to  absorb  costs  that  other  employers  might  seek  to  pass  through  to  their 
workforces. Because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the
income statement, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can
have substantial impacts on net income.

Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and Other International operating
segments (see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). Certain
countries in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower 
wages and benefits costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less or no direct membership warehouse
competition. 

In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies
relative to the U.S. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we
use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars for 
financial  reporting  purposes. This  impact  of  foreign-exchange  rate  changes  is  calculated  based  on  the
difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. 
The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the
current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.

Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. Fiscal year 2018 and 2016 were 52-week fiscal
years ending on September 2, 2018 and August 28, 2016, respectively, and 2017 was a 53-week fiscal year 
ending on September 3, 2017. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to
rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.

Highlights for fiscal year 2018 included:

•  We opened 25 new warehouses, including 4 relocations, in 2018: 13 net new locations in the U.S., 
three in Canada, and five in our Other International segment, compared to 28 new warehouses, including
2 relocations in 2017; 

•  Net sales increased 10% to 138,434 driven by a 9% increase in comparable sales and sales at new 

warehouses opened in 2017 and 2018, partially offset by one additional week of sales in 2017;

•  Membership fee revenue increased 10% to $3,142, primarily due to the annual fee increase in the U.S.

and Canada in June 2017, and membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses;

•  Gross margin percentage decreased 29 basis points due to the impact of gasoline price inflation on
net sales and a shift in sales penetration to certain lower margin warehouse ancillary businesses from
our core merchandise categories;

•  Selling, general & administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 24 basis 

points, due to the impact of gasoline price inflation and leveraging increased sales;

•  The effective tax rate in 2018 was 28.4% and was favorably impacted by the 2017 Tax Act and net tax 
benefits of $57. The effective tax rate in 2017 was 32.8% and was favorably impacted by net tax benefits 
of $104;

•  Net income increased 17% to $3,134, or $7.09 per diluted share compared to $2,679, or $6.08 per 

diluted share in 2017; and
In April 2018, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $0.50
to $0.57 per share.

• 

22

Results of operations

Net Sales

Net Sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Changes in net sales:

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
U.S.
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other International . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Changes in comparable sales:

U.S.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other International . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Increases in comparable sales excluding the impact
of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices:

U.S.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other International . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2018 vs. 2017 

Net Sales

2018
138,434

2017
126,172

$

2016

  $ 116,073

9%
10%
14%
10%

9%
9%
11%
9%

7%
4%
7%
7%

8%
10%
8%
9%

4%
5%
2%
4%

4%
4%
4%
4%

3 %
(2)%
4 %
2 %

1 %
(3)%
(3)%
0 %

3 %
8 %
4 %
4 %

Net sales increased $12,262 or 10% during 2018, primarily due to a 9% increase in comparable sales and 
sales at new warehouses opened in 2017 and 2018, partially offset by the impact of one additional week of 
sales in 2017.

Changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by approximately $2,267, or 180 basis points, due 
to a 19% increase in the average sales price per gallon. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. 
dollar positively impacted net sales by approximately $1,156, or 92 basis points, compared to 2017. The 
positive impact was driven by both our Canadian and Other International operations. 

Comparable Sales

Comparable sales increased 9% during 2018 and were positively impacted by increases in both shopping 
frequency and the average ticket. The average ticket and comparable sales results were positively impacted 
by an increase in gasoline prices and exchange rates in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. Changes 
in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales 
to our newly opened locations).

23

2017 vs. 2016

Net Sales

Net sales increased $10,099 or 9% during 2017, primarily due to a 4% increase in comparable sales, new
warehouses opened in 2016 and 2017, and the benefit of one additional week of sales in 2017. Changes in 
gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by approximately $785, or 68 basis points, due to an 8% 
increase in the average sales price per gallon. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar 
negatively impacted net sales by approximately $295, or 25 basis points, compared to 2016. The negative
impact was driven by Other International operations, partially offset by positive impacts attributable to our 
Canadian operations.

Comparable Sales

Comparable sales increased 4% during 2017 and were positively impacted by an increase in shopping 
frequency and, to a lesser extent, an increased average ticket. The average ticket and comparable sales
results were positively impacted by an increase in gasoline prices, offset by decreases in foreign currencies
relative to the U.S. dollar. Changes in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization.

Membership Fees

Membership fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Membership fees increase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Membership fees as a percentage of net sales . . . . . . .

3,142

$

2,853

$

10%
2.27%

8%
2.26%

2,646

4%
2.28%

2018

2017

2016

2018 vs. 2017

The increase in membership fees was primarily due to the annual fee increase and membership sign-ups
at existing and new warehouses. These increases were partially offset by the impact of one additional week 
of membership fees in 2017. At the end of 2018, our member renewal rates were 90% in the U.S. and Canada 
and 88% worldwide.

As reported in fiscal 2017, we increased our annual membership fees in the U.S. and Canada and in certain 
of  our  Other  International  operations.  We  account  for  membership  fee  revenue  on  a  deferred  basis, 
recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. These fee increases had a positive impact of 
approximately $178 in fiscal 2018 and will positively impact fiscal 2019, primarily the first two quarters, by 
approximately $70. 

2017 vs. 2016

The increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses,
an extra week of membership fee revenue, the annual fee increase, and an increased number of upgrades 
to our higher-fee Executive Membership program. Fee increases had a positive impact on membership fee
revenues during 2017 of approximately $23.

24

Gross Margin

Net sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Less merchandise costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Gross margin percentage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2018
138,434
123,152
15,282
11.04 %

$

$

2017
126,172
111,882
14,290
11.33%

$

$

2016
116,073
102,901
13,172
11.35%

2018 vs. 2017

The gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh 
foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased 
one basis point primarily due to increases in food and sundries and hardlines partially offset by decreases 
in fresh foods and softlines. This measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross 
margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.

Total gross margin percentage decreased 29 basis points compared to 2017. Excluding the impact of gasoline 
price inflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.22%, a decrease of 
11 basis points. This decrease was primarily due to a shift in sales penetration to certain lower margin 
warehouse  ancillary  and  other  businesses,  which  contributed  to  a  13  basis  point  decrease  in  our  core 
merchandise categories, except hardlines which was flat. Gross margin percentage was also negatively 
impacted by 10 basis points due to a non-recurring legal settlement benefiting 2017 and costs related to our 
centralized return centers in the U.S. These decreases were partially offset by a 13 basis point increase in
our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly our gasoline business. Changes in foreign 
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar positively impacted gross margin by approximately $124 in 2018. 

The segment gross margin percentage, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and 
excluding  the  impact  of  changes  in  gasoline  prices  on  net  sales  (segment  gross  margin  percentage), 
decreased in our U.S. operations, predominantly in our core merchandise categories, and as a result of the 
non-recurring legal settlement in 2017, and the costs related to our centralized return centers mentioned 
above. The segment gross margin percentage in our Canadian operations increased, due to warehouse 
ancillary and other businesses, primarily our gasoline business. The segment gross margin percentage in 
our Other International operations decreased, predominantly in food and sundries and softlines, partially 
offset by an increase in our gasoline business. 

2017 vs. 2016

The gross margin of our core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise
sales, increased eight basis points due to increases in these categories other than fresh foods.

Total gross margin percentage decreased two basis points compared to 2016. Excluding the impact of 
gasoline price inflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.40%, an 
increase of five basis points. This increase was primarily due to amounts earned under the co-branded credit
card arrangement in the U.S. of 15 basis points and a benefit of three basis points from non-recurring legal 
settlements and other matters. The improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement as compared 
to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 2017. These increases
were partially offset by a six basis point decrease in our core merchandise categories, primarily due to food
and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration. The gross margin percentage was also negatively 
impacted by five basis points due to a LIFO benefit in 2016 and one basis point in warehouse ancillary and
other businesses. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an immaterial impact on gross 
margin in 2017.

Gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding 
the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales, increased in our U.S. operations, due to amounts 

25

earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement and non-recurring legal settlements and other matters 
as discussed above. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in core merchandise categories,
predominantly food and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration, and a LIFO benefit in 2016.
The segment gross margin percentage in our Canadian operations increased, primarily due to increases in 
warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our pharmacy business, partially offset by a decrease
in our core merchandise categories, largely fresh foods. The segment gross margin percentage increased 
in our Other International operations due to increases across all core merchandise categories, except fresh
foods.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

SG&A expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. . . . . . . .

2018
13,876
10.02%

$

2017
12,950
10.26%

$

2016
12,068
10.40%

2018 vs. 2017

SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 24 basis points compared to 2017. Excluding the
impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, SG&A expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales was
10.19%, a decrease of seven basis points. Operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other 
businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were lower by six basis points, predominantly in our 
U.S. and Other International operations, due to leveraging increased sales. Charges related to certain non-
recurring legal and other matters in 2017 positively impacted SG&A expense by two basis points. Stock
compensation expense was also lower by one basis point. Central operating costs were higher by two basis 
points.  Changes  in  foreign  currencies  relative  to  the  U.S.  dollar  increased  our  SG&A  expenses  by
approximately $98 in 2018.

Effective in June 2018, a portion of the savings generated from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “2017 Tax 
Act”) were used to increase wages for the majority of our U.S. hourly employees. The impact in fiscal 2018 
was two basis points and the estimated annualized pre-tax cost of these increases is approximately $120.

2017 vs. 2016

SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 14 basis points compared to 2016. Excluding the
impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, SG&A expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales was
10.33%, a decrease of seven basis points. Operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other 
businesses, were lower by nine basis points, primarily due to lower costs associated with the co-branded 
credit card arrangement in the U.S. of 18 basis points. The improvement in terms in our current co-brand
agreement as compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 
2017. This was partially offset by higher payroll and employee benefit expenses of 11 basis points, primarily 
in our U.S. operations. Central operating costs were higher by one basis point, primarily due to increased 
costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects 
placed in service, incurred by our U.S. operations. Stock compensation expense was also higher by one 
basis point.

26

Preopening

Preopening expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Warehouse openings, including relocations

United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other International . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total warehouse openings, including relocations. . . . . .

68 $

82 $

17
3
5
25

15
6
7
28

78

25
2
6
33

Preopening  expenses  include  costs  for  startup  operations  related  to  new  warehouses  and  relocations,
developments in new international markets, new manufacturing and distribution facilities, and expansions 
at existing warehouses. Preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse openings, the timing 
of the opening relative to our year-end, whether the warehouse is owned or leased, and whether the opening 
is in an existing, new, or international market. In 2017, we entered into two new international markets, Iceland 
and France. 

Interest Expense

Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

159 $

134 $

133

2018

2017

2016

Interest expense primarily relates to Senior Notes issued by the Company. In May 2017, we issued $3,800 
in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes. In March and June 2017, we repaid $2,200 in total outstanding 
principal of the 5.5% and 1.125% Senior Notes, respectively.

Interest Income and Other, Net

Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net . . . . . .
Other, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Interest income and other, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

75 $
23
23
121 $

50 $
(5)
17
62 $

41
28
11
80

2018

2017

2016

2018 vs. 2017 

The increase in interest income in 2018 as compared to 2017 was primarily due to higher interest rates
earned on higher average cash and investment balances. Foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net 
include the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for 
forward  foreign-exchange  contracts  by  our  Canadian  and  Other  International  operations.  In  2018,  the 
increase was primarily due to a strengthening U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies on forward 
foreign-exchange contracts. See Derivatives and Foreign Currency sections in Item 8, Note 1 of this Report.

2017 vs. 2016 

Foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net include the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets 
and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts by our Canadian
and Other International operations.

27

Provision for Income Taxes

Provision for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Effective tax rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

1,263
28.4%

$

1,325
32.8%

2018

2017

2016

1,243
34.3%

Our effective tax rate for 2018 was favorably impacted by the 2017 Tax Act, which included a reduction in 
the U.S. federal corporate rate from 35% to 21%. Due to the timing of our fiscal year relative to the effective 
date of the rate change, our U.S. corporate rate for 2018 resulted in a blended rate of 25.6%. Other impacts 
from the 2017 Tax Act consisted of tax expense of $142 for the estimated tax on deemed repatriation of 
unremitted earnings and $43 for the reduction in foreign tax credits and other immaterial items, largely offset 
by a tax benefit of $166 for the provisional remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities. In 2018, we also 
recognized net tax benefits of $76, which was largely driven by the adoption of an accounting standard
related to stock-based compensation and other immaterial net benefits. 

In 2017, our provision was favorably impacted by net tax benefits of $104, primarily due to a tax benefit 
recorded in connection with the May 2017 special dividend paid to employees through our 401(k) retirement 
plan of $82. This dividend was deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:

Net cash provided by operating activities. . . . . . . . . . . . $
Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash used in financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2018

2017

2016

5,774 $
(2,947)
(1,281)

6,726 $
(2,366)
(3,218)

3,292
(2,345)
(2,419)

Our  primary  sources  of  liquidity  are  cash  flows  generated  from  warehouse  operations,  cash  and  cash 
equivalents,  and  short-term  investments.  Cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  short-term  investments  were
$7,259 and $5,779 at the end of 2018 and 2017, respectively. Of these balances, approximately $1,348 and
$1,255 represented unsettled credit and debit card receivables, respectively. These receivables generally 
settle within four days. Cash and cash equivalents were negatively impacted by a change in exchange rates
of $37 in 2018 and positively impacted by $25 and $50 in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity 
and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. While we believe that our U.S. current and projected 
asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements, beginning in the second quarter of fiscal
2018, we no longer consider current fiscal year and future earnings of our non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries 
to be permanently reinvested. We recorded the estimated incremental foreign withholding (net of available 
foreign tax credits) and state income taxes payable on current fiscal year earnings assuming a hypothetical 
repatriation to the U.S. We continue to consider undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated
subsidiaries prior to fiscal 2018 to be indefinitely reinvested and have not provided for withholding or state 
taxes. 

In fiscal 2018, we recorded a one-time charge of $142 for the estimated tax on deemed repatriation of 
unremitted earnings under the 2017 Tax Act. The 2017 Tax Act provides for the payment of the federal tax 
over an eight-year period. Because of the availability of foreign tax credits, the amount payable is $97, of 
which $89 is classified as long-term and included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $5,774 in 2018, compared to $6,726 in 2017. Our cash flow 
provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations 

28

generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll
and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. Cash used in operations also 
includes payments for income taxes. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for 2018
when compared to 2017 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments of approximately $1,700 made
in the last week of fiscal 2016, which positively impacted cash flows in 2017. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities totaled $2,947 in 2018, compared to $2,366 in 2017, and primarily
Net cash flows from investing activities also includes maturities and purchases 
related to capital expenditures.
of short-term investments.

g

Capital Expenditures

 net new warehous

We opened 21 net new warehouses and relocated 4 warehouses in 2018 and plan to open approximately 
20 net new warehouses and relocate up to 4 warehouses in 2019. Our primary requirement for capital is 
acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. Capital is also required for 
information  systems,  manufacturing  and  distribution  facilities,  initial  warehouse  operations  and  working 
capital. In 2018, we spent $$2,969 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately 
$
$2,800  to  $3,100  during  fiscal  2019.  These  expenditures  are  expected  to  be  financed  with  cash  from 
operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. There can be no assurance
that current expectations will be realized and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital
expenditure needs.

$

. 

f

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities totaled $1,281 in 2018, compared to $3,218 in 2017. The primary uses
of cash in 2018 were related to dividend payments and repurchases of common stock. Net cash used in
financing activities in 2017 primarily related to dividend payments, predominantly the special dividend paid 
in May 2017, and the repayments of debt totaling $2,200 representing the aggregate principal balances of 
the 5.5% and 1.125% Senior Notes.

In May 2017, we issued $3,800 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes. The proceeds received were
net of a discount and used to pay the special dividend and a portion of the redemption of the 1.125% Senior 
Notes. 

Stock Repurchase Programs

During 2018 and 2017, we repurchased 1,756,000 and 2,998,000 shares of common stock, at average prices
of $183.13 and $157.87, totaling approximately $322 and $473, respectively. The remaining amount available
to be purchased under our approved plan was $2,427 at the end of 2018. These amounts may differ from 
the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes
in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. Purchases are made from time-to-time, as 
conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under SEC Rule 10b5-1.
Repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act.

Dividends

Cash dividends declared in 2018 totaled $2.14 per share, as compared to $8.90 per share in 2017, which
included a special cash dividend of $7.00 per share. In April 2018, our Board of Directors increased our 
quarterly cash dividend from $0.50 to $0.57 per share. Subsequent to the end of 2018, our Board of Directors
declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.57 per share, which is payable on November 23, 
2018.

29

Bank Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper Programs

We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. At September 2, 2018,
we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $857, including a $400 revolving line of credit renewed 
by the U.S., which expires in June 2019. The Company currently has no plans to draw upon this facility. Our 
international operations maintain $344 of the total borrowing capacity under bank credit facilities, of which
$163 is guaranteed by the Company. There were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit 
facilities at the end of 2018 and 2017.

The Company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $220. The
outstanding standby letters of credit under these facilities at the end of 2018 totaled $149 and expire within 
one year. The bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs have various expiration dates, all within
one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. The amount of borrowings available at any time
under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then
outstanding.

Contractual Obligations

At September 2, 2018, our commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations were as
follows:

. . . . . . . . . . . . . $

g
Contractual obligations
Purchase obligations
gg
(merchandise)(1)
Long-term debt(2). . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating leases (3). . . . . . . . . . .
Construction and land
obligations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital lease obligations(4) . . . . .
Purchase obligations

(equipment, services
,,
and other)(5)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
_______________

Payments Due by Fiscal Year

2019

2020 to 2021

2022 to 2023

2024 and
thereafter

Total

9,029 $

2 $

— $

— $

232
227

710
34

611
19

3,029
407

12
71

186
38

1,537
358

—
72

67
36

2,496
2,215

—
647

3
141

10,862 $

3,745 $

2,070 $

5,502 $

9,031
7,294
3,207

722
824

867
234
22,179

Includes only open merchandise purchase orders.
Includes contractual interest payments and excludes deferred issuance costs. 

(1) 
(2) 
(3)  Excludes common area maintenance, taxes, and insurance and have been reduced by $105 related to sub-lease income.
(4) 
(5)  Excludes certain services negotiated at the individual warehouse or regional level that are not significant and generally contain

Includes build-to-suit lease obligations and contractual interest payments.

clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
Includes  asset  retirement  obligations,  deferred  compensation  obligations  and  current  liabilities  for  unrecognized  tax 
contingencies. The total amount excludes $36 of non-current unrecognized tax contingencies and $30 of other obligations due 
to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.

(6) 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

In the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had, or are reasonably 
likely to have, a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements other than 
operating leases, included in the table above and discussed in Note 1 and Note 5 to the consolidated financial
statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

30

Critical Accounting Estimates

The  preparation  of  our  consolidated  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  U.S.  generally  accepted
accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the 
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We
base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we
continue to review and evaluate these estimates. For further information on significant accounting policies,
see discussion in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.

Insurance/Self-Insurance Liabilities

The  Company  is  predominantly  self-insured  for  employee  health-care  benefits,  workers’  compensation, 
general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. Insurance
coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit the exposure arising from catastrophic events. We use
different mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and participate in a reinsurance
program. Liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using
historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. The 
costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal
changes, and unforeseen developments in claims of an extended nature. While we believe our estimates
are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims
and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have
not been material.

Income Taxes

The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and
the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Significant judgment also is required in assessing the 
timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions.
The benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded only after determining a more-likely-than-
not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. When facts and circumstances
change, we reassess these positions and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as 
appropriate. In December 2017, the 2017 Tax Act was signed into law and our effective tax rate for fiscal
2018 reflects the provisional impact (see Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements).

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for a detailed description 
of recent accounting pronouncements.

Item 7A—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (amounts in millions)

Our exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange 
rates. We do not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for 
trading purposes.

Interest Rate Risk

Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment holdings that 
are diversified among various instruments considered to be cash equivalents, as defined in Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report, as well as short-term investments in
government and agency securities with effective maturities of generally three months to five years at the
date of purchase. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal and secondarily
to generate yields. The majority of our short-term investments are in fixed interest-rate securities. These 
securities are subject to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.

31

Our policy limits investments in the U.S. to direct U.S. government and government agency obligations, 
repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government and government agency obligations, and U.S.
government and government agency money market funds. Our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary
invests in U.S. government and government agency obligations and U.S. government and government
agency money market funds. Our Canadian and Other International subsidiaries’ investments are primarily
in money market funds, bankers’ acceptances, and bank certificates of deposit, generally denominated in
local currencies.

A 100 basis-point change in interest rates as of the end of 2018 would have had an immaterial incremental
change in fair market value. For those investments that are classified as available-for-sale, the unrealized
gains or losses related to fluctuations in market volatility and interest rates are reflected within stockholders’
equity in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets.

The  nature  and  amount  of  our  long-term  debt  may  vary  as  a  result  of  business  requirements,  market 
conditions, and other factors. As of the end of 2018, long-term debt with fixed interest rates was $6,577.
Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the fair value of the fixed-rate debt. See Note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for more information on our long-term debt.

Foreign Currency-Exchange Risk

Our foreign subsidiaries conduct certain transactions in their non-functional currencies, which exposes us
to fluctuations in exchange rates. We manage these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-
exchange  contracts,  seeking  to  economically  hedge  the  impact  of  these  fluctuations  on  known  future 
expenditures  denominated  in  a  non-functional  foreign-currency. The  contracts  are  intended  primarily  to 
economically hedge exposure to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by our international
subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar. We seek to mitigate risk with the use of 
these contracts and do not intend to engage in speculative transactions. For additional information related
to the Company's forward foreign-exchange contracts, see Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial
statements included in Item 8 of this Report. A hypothetical 10% strengthening of the functional currency 
compared to the non-functional currency exchange rates at September 2, 2018, would have decreased the
fair value of the contracts by $80 and resulted in an unrealized loss in the consolidated statements of income
for the same amount.

Commodity Price Risk

We are exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, which we seek
to  partially  mitigate  through  fixed-price  contracts  for  certain  of  our  warehouses  and  other  facilities,
predominantly in the U.S. and Canada. We also enter into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of 
electricity and natural gas, in addition to fuel for our gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet
the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases or normal sales” 
exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment.

32

Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Costco Wholesale Corporation:

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Costco  Wholesale  Corporation 
and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 2, 2018 and September 3, 2017, the related consolidated
statements  of  income,  comprehensive  income,  equity,  and  cash  flows  for  the  52-week  period  ended
September 2, 2018, the 53-week period ended September 3, 2017 and the 52-week period ended August 28,
2016,  and  the  related  notes  (collectively,  the  consolidated  financial  statements).  In  our  opinion,  the 
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of September 2, 2018 and September 3, 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the 
52-week period ended September 2, 2018, the 53-week period ended September 3, 2017 and the 52-week
period ended August 28, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 2, 2018,
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated October 25, 2018 expressed
an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These  consolidated  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of  the  Company’s  management.  Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we 
plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing 
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether 
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included 
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002.

Seattle, Washington
October 25, 2018 

33

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Costco Wholesale Corporation:

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We  have  audited  Costco  Wholesale  Corporation  and  subsidiaries’ (the  Company)  internal  control  over 
financial reporting as of September 2, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated 
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In
our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness, described below, on the achievement of the 
objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of September 2, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 2, 2018 and 
September 3, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and
cash flows for the 52-week period ended September 2, 2018, the 53-week period ended September 3, 2017
and the 52-week period ended August 28, 2016, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial 
statements), and our report dated October 25, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated
financial statements. 

A  material  weakness  is  a  deficiency,  or  a  combination  of  deficiencies,  in  internal  control  over  financial 
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company’s annual 
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material
weakness has been identified and included in management’s assessment:

There were ineffective information technology general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access and
program  change-management  over  certain  information  technology  (IT)  systems  that  support  the 
Company’s financial reporting processes. As a result, business process automated and manual controls
that were dependent on the affected ITGCs were ineffective because they could have been adversely 
impacted.  These  control  deficiencies  were  a  result  of:  IT  control  processes  lacked  sufficient
documentation; insufficient knowledge and training of certain individuals with IT expertise; and risk-
assessment processes inadequate to identify and assess changes in IT environments and personnel
that could impact internal control over financial reporting.

The material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied
in our audit of the fiscal year 2018 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our 
report on those consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion 

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and  for  its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in  the
accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (Item 9A). Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules 
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over 
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting 
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 

34

control  based  on  the  assessed  risk.  Our  audit  also  included  performing  such  other  procedures  as  we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our 
opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial 
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of 
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on 
the financial statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ KPMG LLP

Seattle, Washington
October 25, 2018 

35

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(amounts in millions, except par value and share data)

ASSETS

2018

September 3,

2017

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Short-term investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receivables, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Merchandise inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Buildings and improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equipment and fixtures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Construction in progress . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OTHER ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

TOTAL ASSETS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

CURRENT LIABILITIES

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Accrued salaries and benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued member rewards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred membership fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LONG-TERM DEBT, excluding current portion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
OTHER LIABILITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
EQUITY

Preferred stock $0.01 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; no

shares issued and outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Common stock $0.01 par value; 900,000,000 shares authorized;

438,189,000 and 437,204,000 shares issued and outstanding . . . . . . . . . .
Additional paid-in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Costco stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

6,055
1,204
1,669
11,040
321
20,289

6,193
16,107
7,274
1,140
30,714
(11,033)
19,681
860
40,830

11,237
2,994
1,057
1,624
3,014
19,926
6,487
1,314
27,727

0

4
6,107
(1,199)
7,887
12,799
304
13,103
40,830

$

$

$

$

4,546
1,233
1,432
9,834
272
17,317

5,690
15,127
6,681
843
28,341
(10,180)
18,161
869
36,347

9,608
2,703
961
1,498
2,725
17,495
6,573
1,200
25,268

0

4
5,800
(1,014)
5,988
10,778
301
11,079
36,347

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

36

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(amounts in millions, except per share data)

52 Weeks Ended

53 Weeks Ended

52 Weeks Ended

September 2,

2018

September 3,

2017

August 28,

2016

REVENUE

Net sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Membership fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

138,434
3,142
141,576

$

126,172
2,853
129,025

OPERATING EXPENSES

Merchandise costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative . . . . . . . . . .
Preopening expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)

Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest income and other, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES. . . . . . . . . . . .
Provision for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income including noncontrolling interests. .
Net income attributable to noncontrolling

interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COSTCO . . . . $
NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE

ATTRIBUTABLE TO COSTCO:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Shares used in calculation (000’s)

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER COMMON

SHARE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

116,073
2,646
118,719

102,901
12,068
78
3,672

(133)
80
3,619
1,243
2,376

(26)
2,350

5.36
5.33

123,152
13,876
68
4,480

111,882
12,950
82
4,111

(159)
121
4,442
1,263
3,179

(45)
3,134

7.15
7.09

$

$
$

(134)
62
4,039
1,325
2,714

(35)
2,679

6.11
6.08

$

$
$

438,515
441,834

438,437
440,937

2.14

$

8.90

$

438,585
441,263

1.70

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

37

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(amounts in millions)

52 Weeks Ended

53 Weeks Ended

52 Weeks Ended

NET INCOME INCLUDING NONCONTROLLING

INTERESTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Foreign-currency translation adjustment and

other, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE

TO COSTCO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

September 2,

2018

September 3,

2017

August 28,

2016

3,179

$

2,714

$

(192)
2,987

38

98
2,812

48

2,949

$

2,764

$

2,376

26
2,402

30

2,372

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

38

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY

(amounts in millions)

Common Stock
Shares
(000’s)

Amount

Additional

Paid-in
Capital

Accumulated
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)
)

Other
(

Retained
Earnings

Total Costco
Stockholders’

Equity

Noncontrolling

Interests

Total
Equity

$

437,952
—

—
—

4

2,749

3

(3,184)

—

437,524
—

—

—

2,673

5

(2,998)

—

437,204
—

—
—

2,741

(1,756)

—

2
—

—
—

—

—

—

—

—

2
—

—

—

—

—

—

2

4
—

—
—

—

—

—

$

$

5,218
—

—
459

—

(146)

—

(41)

—

5,490
—

—

518

(165)

—

(41)

(2)

5,800
—

—
547

(217)

(26)

3

(1,121) $

—

22
—

—

—

—

—

—

(1,099)
—

85
—

—

—

—

—

(1,014)
—

(185)
—

—

—

—

$

6,518
2,350

$

10,617
2,350

226
26

$10,843
2,376

—
—

—

—

—

(436)

(746)

7,686
2,679

—

—

—

—

(432)

(3,945)

5,988
3,134

—
—

—

(296)

(939)

22
459

—

(146)

—

(477)

(746)

12,079
2,679

85
518

(165)

—

(473)

(3,945)

10,778
3,134

(185)
547

(217)

(322)

(936)

4
—

—

—

—

—

(3)

253
35

13

—

—

—

—

26
459

—

(146)

—

(477)

(749)

12,332
2,714

98
518

(165)

—

(473)

— (3,945)

301
45

11,079
3,179

(7)
—

—

—

(35)

(192)
547

(217)

(322)

(971)

438,189

$

4

$

6,107

$

(1,199) $

7,887

$

12,799

$

304

$13,103

BALANCE AT AUGUST 30,

2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign-currency translation
adjustment and other, net .
Stock-based compensation .
Stock options exercised,

including tax effects . . . . .
Release of vested restricted
stock units (RSUs),
including tax effects . . . . .

Conversion of convertible

notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Repurchases of common

stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash dividends declared

and other. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

BALANCE AT AUGUST 28,

2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign-currency translation
adjustment and other, net .
Stock-based compensation .
Release of vested RSUs,

including tax effects . . . . .

Conversion of convertible

notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Repurchases of common

stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash dividends declared

and other. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 3,
2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign-currency translation
adjustment and other, net .
Stock-based compensation .
Release of vested RSUs,

including tax effects . . . . .

Repurchases of common

stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash dividends declared

and other. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 2,
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

39

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(amounts in millions)

52 Weeks

Ended

53 Weeks

Ended

September 2,

2018

September 3,

2017

52 Weeks

Ended

August 28,

2016

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income including noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interests

to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stock-based compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other non-cash operating activities, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Merchandise inventories. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other operating assets and liabilities, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchases of short-term investments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maturities and sales of short-term investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions to property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other investing activities, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Change in bank checks outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repayments of short-term borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from short-term borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repayments of long-term debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax withholdings on stock-based awards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash dividend payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other financing activities, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash used in financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH

EQUIVALENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net change in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS BEGINNING OF YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS END OF YEAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest (reduced by $19, $16, and $19, interest capitalized in 2018,

2017, and 2016, respectively). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Income taxes, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Property and equipment acquired, but not yet paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Cash dividend declared, but not yet paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

3,179

$

2,714

$

2,376

1,437
544
(6)
(49)

(1,313)
1,561
421
5,774

(1,060)
1,078
(2,969)
4
(2,947)

80
—
—
—
(86)
(217)
(328)
(689)
(41)
(1,281)

(37)
1,509
4,546
6,055

143
1,204

113
250

$

$
$

$
$

1,370
514
(14)
(29)

(894)
2,258
807
6,726

(1,279)
1,385
(2,502)
30
(2,366)

(236)
—
—
3,782
(2,200)
(202)
(469)
(3,904)
11
(3,218)

25
1,167
3,379
4,546

131
1,185

$

$
$

— $
— $

1,255
459
(57)
269

(25)
(1,532)
547
3,292

(1,432)
1,709
(2,649)
27
(2,345)

81
(106)
106
185
(1,288)
(220)
(486)
(746)
55
(2,419)

50
(1,422)
4,801
3,379

123
953

—
—

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

40

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(amounts in millions, except share, per share, and warehouse count data)

Note 1—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

Costco Wholesale Corporation (Costco or the Company), a Washington corporation, and its subsidiaries
operate  membership  warehouses  based  on  the  concept  that  offering  members  low  prices  on  a  limited
selection of nationally-branded and private-label products in a wide range of merchandise categories will
produce high sales volumes and rapid inventory turnover. At September 2, 2018, Costco operated 762
warehouses worldwide: 527 United States (U.S.) locations (in 44 U.S. states, Washington, D.C., and Puerto 
Rico), 100 Canada locations, 39 Mexico locations, 28 United Kingdom (U.K.) locations, 26 Japan locations, 
15 Korea locations, 13 Taiwan locations, 10 Australia locations, two Spain locations, one Iceland location, 
and one France location. The Company operates e-commerce websites in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K.,
Korea, and Taiwan.

Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Costco Wholesale Corporation, its wholly-
owned  subsidiaries,  and  subsidiaries  in  which  it  has  a  controlling  interest.  The  Company  reports
noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities as a component of equity separate from the Company’s
equity. All  material  inter-company  transactions  between  and  among  the  Company  and  its  consolidated
subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company’s net income excludes income attributable
to the noncontrolling interest in Taiwan. During the first quarter of 2018, Costco purchased its former joint-
venture partner's remaining equity interest in its Korean operations. Unless otherwise noted, references to 
net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.

Fiscal Year End

The Company operates on a 52/53 week fiscal year basis with the fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest 
to August 31. References to 2018 and 2016 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended September 2, 2018,
and August 28, 2016, respectively. References to 2017 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3,
2017.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial 
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates and assumptions.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a 
maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card 
transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $1,348 and
$1,255 at the end of 2018 and 2017, respectively.

The Company provides for the daily replenishment of major bank accounts as checks are presented. Included
in accounts payable at the end of 2018 and 2017 are $463 and $383, respectively, representing the excess 
of outstanding checks over cash on deposit at the banks on which the checks were drawn. 

41

Short-Term Investments

In general, short-term investments have a maturity at the date of purchase of three months to five years. 
Investments with maturities beyond five years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination,
as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is
available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair 
value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated 
other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-
sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income 
and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. Short-term investments classified as held-to-maturity
are financial instruments that the Company has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported net
of any related amortization and are not remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis.

The Company periodically evaluates unrealized losses in its investment securities for other-than-temporary
impairment, using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. In the event a security is deemed to be other-
than-temporarily  impaired,  the  Company  recognizes  the  loss  in  interest  income  and  other,  net  in  the 
consolidated statements of income.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company accounts for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The carrying value of the Company’s
financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable, approximate 
fair value due to their short-term nature or variable interest rates. See Notes 2, 3, and 4 for the carrying value 
and fair value of the Company’s investments, derivative instruments, and fixed-rate debt, respectively.

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is estimated by applying 
a fair value hierarchy, which requires maximizing the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value.
The three levels of inputs are:

Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.

Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.

The Company’s valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of money market mutual funds are
based on quoted market prices, such as quoted net asset values published by the fund as supported in an 
active market. Valuation methodologies used to measure the fair value of all other non-derivative financial
instruments are based on independent external valuation information. The pricing process uses data from
a variety of independent external valuation information providers, including trades, bid price or spread, two-
sided markets, quotes, benchmark curves including but not limited to treasury benchmarks and Libor and
swap curves, discount rates, and market data feeds. All are observable in the market or can be derived
principally from or corroborated by observable market data. The Company reports transfers in and out of 
Levels 1, 2, and 3, as applicable, using the fair value of the individual securities as of the beginning of the 
reporting period in which the transfer(s) occurred.

Current  financial  liabilities  have  fair  values  that  approximate  their  carrying  values.  Long-term  financial
liabilities include the Company's long-term debt, which are recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price
and adjusted for unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs, and are being amortized to 
interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is
based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based 
upon interest rates, maturities, and credit.

42

Receivables, Net

Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other 
receivables. Vendor receivables include coupons, volume rebates or other purchase discounts. Balances
are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances,
these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables 
are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive
insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of 
the  amounts  assumed  under  reinsurance,  which  are  presented  within  other  current  liabilities  in  the
consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under 
the co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to 
amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental 
entities, mostly tax-related items.

Receivables are recorded net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance is based on historical
experience and application of the specific identification method. Write-offs of receivables were immaterial
for fiscal years 2018, 2017, and 2016.

Merchandise Inventories

Merchandise inventories consist of the following:

United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8,081 $ 7,091
1,040
Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other International . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,703
Merchandise inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 11,040 $ 9,834

1,189
1,770

2018

2017

Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. U.S. merchandise inventories are valued 
by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. The Company believes the LIFO 
method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current 
revenues. The Company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect 
of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after 
actual inflation or deflation rates and inventory levels for the year have been determined. Canadian and 
Other International merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory 
methods, respectively, using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis.

As of September 2, 2018 and September 3, 2017, U.S. merchandise inventories valued at LIFO approximated 
FIFO after considering the lower of cost or market principle. Due to net deflation, a benefit of $64 was 
recorded to merchandise costs in 2016.

The Company provides for estimated inventory losses between physical inventory counts as a percentage 
of net sales, using estimates based on the Company’s experience. The provision is adjusted periodically to 
reflect physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth fiscal quarters. Inventory 
cost,  where  appropriate,  is  reduced  by  estimates  of  vendor  rebates  when  earned  or  as  the  Company 
progresses towards earning those rebates, provided that they are probable and reasonably estimable.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost. In general, new building additions are classified into components,
each with an estimated useful life, generally five to fifty years for buildings and improvements and three to 
twenty years for equipment and fixtures. Depreciation and amortization expense is computed using the 
straight-line method over estimated useful lives or the lease term, if shorter. Leasehold improvements made
after the beginning of the initial lease term are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of 

43

the asset or the remaining term of the initial lease plus any renewals that are reasonably assured at the date
the leasehold improvements are made.

The Company capitalizes certain computer software and software development costs incurred in developing
or obtaining computer software for internal use. These costs are included in equipment and fixtures and
amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, generally three to seven
years.

Repair and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. Expenditures for remodels, refurbishments and
improvements that add to or change the way an asset functions or that extend the useful life are capitalized.
Assets that were removed during the remodel, refurbishment or improvement are retired. Assets classified 
as held-for-sale at the end of 2018 and 2017 were immaterial.

The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a
facility, or when events or changes in circumstances may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group,
generally an individual warehouse, may not be fully recoverable. For asset groups held and used, including
warehouses to be relocated, the carrying value of the asset group is considered recoverable when the
estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group
exceed the respective carrying value. In the event that the carrying value is not considered recoverable, an
impairment loss is recognized for the asset group to be held and used equal to the excess of the carrying
value above the estimated fair value of the asset group. For asset groups classified as held-for-sale (disposal
group), the carrying value is compared to the disposal group’s fair value less costs to sell. The Company
estimates  fair  value  by  obtaining  market  appraisals  from  third  party  brokers  or  using  other  valuation 
techniques. There were no impairment charges recognized in 2018, 2017 or 2016. 

Insurance/Self-Insurance Liabilities

The Company is predominantly self-insured for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, 
general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. Insurance
coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit the exposure arising from catastrophic events. It uses
different mechanisms including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary (the captive) and participates
in a reinsurance program. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not
discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors,
severity  factors,  and  other  actuarial  assumptions.  The  estimated  accruals  for  these  liabilities  could  be
significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.
At the end of 2018 and 2017, these insurance liabilities were $1,148 and $1,059 in the aggregate, respectively, 
and were included in accrued salaries and benefits and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance 
sheets, classified based on their nature.

The captive receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company’s premium costs in selling, 
general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of income. The captive participates in 
a reinsurance program that includes other third-party participants. The reinsurance agreement is one year 
in duration, and new agreements are entered into by each participant at their discretion at the commencement
of the next calendar year. The participant agreements and practices of the reinsurance program limit a 
participating members’ individual risk. Income statement adjustments related to the reinsurance program 
and related impacts to the consolidated balance sheets are recognized as information becomes known. In 
the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the
policyholders for prior activity.

Derivatives

The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business.
It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to
economically  hedge  the  impact  of  fluctuations  of  foreign  exchange  on  known  future  expenditures 
denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise 
inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other 

44

than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company
seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. 
Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding
contracts upon certain triggering events. At the end of 2018 and 2017, the aggregate fair value amounts of 
derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately
if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial. The aggregate notional amounts 
of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $717 and $637 at the end of 2018 and 2017,
respectively. See Note 3 for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at
the end of 2018 and 2017.

The unrealized gains or losses recognized in interest income and other, net in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income relating to the net changes in the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange
contracts were immaterial in 2018, 2017, and 2016.

The Company is exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, which
it seeks to partially mitigate through the use of fixed-price contracts for certain of its warehouses and other 
facilities, primarily in the U.S. and Canada. The Company also enters into variable-priced contracts for some 
purchases of natural gas, in addition to fuel for its gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the
characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases or normal sales” 
exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment.

Foreign Currency

The functional currencies of the Company’s international subsidiaries are the local currency of the country 
in which the subsidiary is located. Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the
exchange  rate  on  the  balance  sheet  date. Translation  adjustments  are  recorded  in  accumulated  other 
comprehensive  loss.  Revenues  and  expenses  of  the  Company’s  consolidated  foreign  operations  are
translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the year.

The  Company  recognizes  foreign-currency  transaction  gains  and  losses  related  to  revaluing  or  settling
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income
and other, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. 
dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their 
functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward 
foreign-exchange contracts. These items were immaterial for 2018 and 2017 and resulted in net gains of
$38 for 2016.

Revenue Recognition

The Company generally recognizes sales, which include gross shipping fees where applicable, net of returns,
at the time the member takes possession of merchandise or receives services. When the Company collects
payments from members prior to the transfer of ownership of merchandise or the performance of services, 
the amounts received are generally recorded as deferred sales, included in other current liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets, until the sale or service is completed. The Company reserves for estimated
sales returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns and reduces sales and merchandise costs
accordingly. The sales returns reserve is based on an estimate of the net realizable value of merchandise
inventories expected to be returned. Amounts collected from members for sales or value added taxes are 
recorded on a net basis.

Generally, when Costco is the primary obligor, is subject to inventory risk, has latitude in establishing prices
and selecting suppliers, can influence product or service specifications, or has several but not all of these 
indicators, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. It otherwise records the net amounts earned, which is
reflected in net sales.

The Company accounts for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, ratably over the 
one-year membership. The Company's Executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases 

45

(up  to  a  maximum  reward  of  approximately  $1,000  per  year),  which  can  be  redeemed  only  at  Costco 
warehouses. The  Company  accounts  for  this  reward  as  a  reduction  in  sales. The  sales  reduction  and
corresponding  liability  (classified  as  accrued  member  rewards  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheets)  are
computed after giving effect to the estimated impact of non-redemptions, based on historical data. The net
reduction in sales was $1,394, $1,281, and $1,172 in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.

Merchandise Costs

Merchandise costs consist of the purchase price or manufacturing costs of inventory sold, inbound and
outbound shipping charges and all costs related to the Company’s depot operations, including freight from 
depots to selling warehouses, and are reduced by vendor consideration. Merchandise costs also include
salaries, benefits, depreciation, and utilities in fresh foods and certain ancillary departments.

Vendor Consideration

The Company has agreements to receive funds from vendors for coupons and a variety of other programs. 
These programs are evidenced by signed agreements that are reflected in the carrying value of the inventory 
when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning the rebate or discount, and as a component
of merchandise costs as the merchandise is sold. Other vendor consideration is generally recorded as a
reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of the related agreement,
or by another systematic approach.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  consist  primarily  of  salaries,  benefits  and  workers’
compensation costs for warehouse employees (other than fresh foods departments and certain ancillary
businesses) as well as all regional and home office employees, including buying personnel. Selling, general
and  administrative  expenses  also  include  substantially  all  building  and  equipment  depreciation,  stock 
compensation expense, utilities, credit and debit card processing fees, as well as other operating costs 
incurred to support warehouse operations.

Retirement Plans

The Company's 401(k) retirement plan is available to all U.S. employees who have completed 90 days of 
employment.  The  plan  allows  participants  to  make  wage  deferral  contributions,  a  portion  of  which  the
Company matches. In addition, the Company provides each eligible participant an annual discretionary
contribution. The Company also has a defined contribution plan for Canadian employees and contributes a
percentage of each employee's wages. Certain subsidiaries in the Company's Other International operations
have defined benefit and defined contribution plans that are not material. Amounts expensed under all plans 
were $578, $543, and $489 for 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, and are predominantly included in selling,
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Stock-Based Compensation

Restricted stock units (RSUs) granted to employees generally vest over five years and allow for quarterly
vesting of the pro-rata number of stock-based awards that would vest on the next anniversary of the grant
date in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Actual forfeitures are recognized as they occur.

Compensation expense for stock-based awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method
over the requisite service period for the entire award. Awards for employees and non-employee directors 
provide for accelerated vesting of a portion of outstanding shares based on cumulative years of service with
the Company. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the
long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at
least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs
is calculated as the market value of the common stock on the measurement date less the present value of 
the expected dividends forgone during the vesting period.

46

Stock-based  compensation  expense  is  predominantly  included  in  selling,  general  and  administrative 
expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Certain stock-based compensation costs are capitalized
or included in the cost of merchandise. See Note 7 for additional information on the Company’s stock-based
compensation plans.

Leases

The Company leases land and/or buildings at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities,
primarily under operating leases. Operating leases expire at various dates through 2064, with the exception
of one lease in the U.K., which expires in 2151. These leases generally contain one or more of the following 
options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial lease term: (a) renewal of the lease for a
defined  number  of  years  at  the  then-fair  market  rental  rate  or  rate  stipulated  in  the  lease  agreement; 
(b) purchase of the property at the then-fair market value; or (c) right of first refusal in the event of a third-
party purchase offer.

The Company accounts for its lease expense with free rent periods and step-rent provisions on a straight-
line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company more likely than
not expects to exercise, from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for 
periodic rental increases based on price indices, or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales 
volume.

The Company has capital leases for certain warehouse locations, expiring at various dates through 2059.
Capital lease assets are included in land and buildings and improvements in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. Amortization expense on capital lease assets is recorded as depreciation expense and is 
included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Capital lease liabilities are recorded at the lesser 
of the estimated fair market value of the leased property or the net present value of the aggregate future
minimum lease payments and are included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. Interest on these obligations is included in interest expense in the consolidated 
statements of income.

The Company records an asset and related financing obligation for the estimated construction costs under 
build-to-suit lease arrangements where it is considered the owner for accounting purposes, to the extent the
Company is involved in the construction of the building or structural improvements or has construction risk
prior to commencement of a lease. Upon occupancy, the Company assesses whether these arrangements
qualify for sales recognition under the sale-leaseback accounting guidance. If the Company continues to be 
the deemed owner, it accounts for the arrangement as a financing lease.

The Company’s asset retirement obligations (ARO) primarily relate to leasehold improvements that at the 
end of a lease must be removed. These obligations are recorded as a liability with an offsetting asset at the
inception  of  the  lease  term  based  upon  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  costs  to  remove  the  leasehold
improvements. These liabilities are accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation using
the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. The ARO assets are depreciated using the same depreciation
method as the leasehold improvement assets and are included with buildings and improvements. Estimated
ARO liabilities associated with these leases were immaterial at the end of 2018 and 2017, respectively, and 
are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Preopening Expenses

Preopening  expenses  include  costs  for  startup  operations  related  to  new  warehouses  and  relocations,
developments in new international markets, new manufacturing and distribution facilities, and expansions
at existing warehouses and are expensed as incurred.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial

47

statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credits
and loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected 
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected 
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established when necessary 
to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized.

The timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax
positions requires significant judgment. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain
tax  positions  will  withstand  challenge  from  tax  authorities.  When  facts  and  circumstances  change,  the 
Company reassesses these probabilities and records any changes as appropriate.

Net Income per Common Share Attributable to Costco

The computation of basic net income per share uses the weighted average number of shares that were
outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share uses the weighted average
number of shares in the basic net income per share calculation plus the number of common shares that
would be issued assuming vesting of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding using the treasury
stock method for shares subject to RSUs.

Stock Repurchase Programs

Repurchased shares of common stock are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation
Act. The par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price
over par value is deducted by allocation to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The amount
allocated to additional paid-in capital is the current value of additional paid-in capital per share outstanding
and is applied to the number of shares repurchased. Any remaining amount is allocated to retained earnings.
See Note 6 for additional information.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Adopted

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 
(ASU) 2016-09 related to the accounting for share-based payment transactions. The guidance relates to
income  taxes,  forfeitures,  and  minimum  statutory  tax  withholding  requirements. The  new  standard  was 
effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance at the beginning of its first quarter of fiscal
year 2018. As a result, the Company recognized a net tax benefit in fiscal 2018 of $33 as part of its income
tax provision in the accompanying consolidated statements of income, which includes the impact of the lower 
tax rate from the 2017 Tax Act. Previously, tax benefits associated with the release of employee RSUs were
reflected in equity. These amounts are now reflected as cash flows from operations instead of cash flows
from financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows on a prospective basis. Adoption of 
this guidance did not have a material impact on the consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements 
of cash flows, or related disclosures.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 providing for changes in the recognition of revenue from contracts 
with customers. The guidance converges the requirements for reporting revenue and requires disclosures 
sufficient to describe the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from
these contracts. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning
after December 15, 2017. The Company plans to adopt this guidance at the beginning of its first quarter of 
fiscal 2019, using the modified retrospective approach through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings. The Company has substantially completed its assessment of the new standard and it does not
believe  the  impacts  to  be  material  to  the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements. The  Company
continues to evaluate the disclosure requirements related to the new standard.

48

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 which will require recognition on the balance sheet for the
rights and obligations created by leases with terms greater than twelve months. The new standard is effective
for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption
permitted. The Company plans to adopt this guidance at the beginning of its first quarter of fiscal 2020 and 
plans to utilize the transition option which does not require application of the guidance to comparative periods
in the year of adoption. While the Company continues to evaluate this standard and the effect on related
disclosures, the primary effect of adoption will be recording right-of-use assets and corresponding lease
obligations for current operating leases. The adoption is expected to have a material impact on the Company's
consolidated balance sheets, but not on the consolidated statements of income or cash flows. Additionally, 
the Company is in the process of reviewing current accounting policies, changes to business processes,
systems and controls to support adoption of the new standard, which includes implementing a new lease 
accounting system.

Note 2—Investments

The Company’s investments were as follows:

2018:
Available-for-sale:

Cost
Basis

Unrealized
Losses, Net

Recorded

Basis

Government and agency securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

912 $

(14) $

898

Held-to-maturity:

Certificates of deposit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

306

Total short-term investments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,218 $

(14) $

306
1,204

2017:
Available-for-sale:

Cost
Basis

Unrealized
Gains, Net

Recorded

Basis

Government and agency securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Mortgage-backed securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total available-for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Held-to-maturity:

Certificates of deposit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

0 $
0
0

947 $

1
948

285

Total short-term investments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,233 $

0 $

947
1
948

285
1,233

Gross unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities were not material in 2018, 2017, and 
2016. At the end of 2018 and 2017, the Company's available-for-sale securities that were in a continuous 
unrealized-loss position were not material. The Company had no available-for-sale securities in a continuous 
unrealized-loss position in 2016. Gross unrealized gains and losses on cash equivalents were not material 
at the end of 2018, and there were no gross unrealized gains and losses on cash equivalents at the end of 
2017 or 2016. 

The proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities were $39, $202, and $291 during 2018, 2017, and 
2016, respectively. Gross realized gains or losses from sales of available-for-sale securities were not material
in 2018, 2017, and 2016.

49

The maturities of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities at the end of 2018 were as follows:

Due in one year or less . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Due after one year through five years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Due after five years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
       Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

307 $
584
21
912 $

Note 3—Fair Value Measurement

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

Available-For-Sale

Cost Basis

Fair Value

Held-To-Maturity
306
0
0
306

305 $
572
21
898 $

The tables below present information regarding the Company’s financial assets and financial liabilities that 
are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate the level within the hierarchy reflecting the 
valuation techniques utilized to determine such fair value.

2018:

2017:

Money market mutual funds(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Investment in government and agency securities(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forward foreign-exchange contracts, in asset position(3)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forward foreign-exchange contracts, in (liability) position(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Money market mutual funds(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Investment in government and agency securities(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment in mortgage-backed securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forward foreign-exchange contracts, in asset position(3)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forward foreign-exchange contracts, in (liability) position(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Level 1

Level 1

Level 2
0
903
16
(2)
917

9 $
0
0
0
9 $

Level 2
0
947
1
2
(8)
942

7 $
0
0
0
0
7 $

______________

Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

(1) 
(2)  At September 2, 2018, immaterial cash and cash equivalents and $898 short-term investments are included in the accompanying
condensed consolidated balance sheets. At September 3, 2017, there were no securities included in cash and cash equivalents
and $947 included in short-term investments in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.

(3)  The asset and the liability values are included in other current assets and other current liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying 

consolidated balance sheets. See Note 1 for additional information on derivative instruments.

During and at the end of both 2018 and 2017, the Company did not hold any Level 3 financial assets or 
liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 1
or 2 during 2018 and 2017.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

Assets and liabilities recognized and disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include items such as 
financial assets measured at amortized cost and long-lived nonfinancial assets. These assets are measured 
at fair value if determined to be impaired. There were no fair value adjustments to these items during 2018
and 2017. 

50

Note 4—Debt

Short-Term Borrowings

The Company maintains various short-term bank credit facilities with a borrowing capacity of $857 and $833, 
in 2018 and 2017, respectively. Borrowings on these short-term facilities were immaterial during 2018 and
2017, and there were no outstanding borrowings at the end of 2018 and 2017. 

Long-Term Debt

The Company's long-term debt consists primarily of Senior Notes, which have various principal balances,
interest rates, and maturity dates as described below. In May 2017, the Company issued $3,800 in aggregate
principal amount of Senior Notes, with maturity dates between May 2021 and May 2027. Additionally, in 2017
the Company repaid long-term debt totaling $2,200.

The Company at its option may redeem the Senior Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption
price plus accrued interest. The redemption price is equal to the greater of 100% of the principal amount or 
the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity.
Additionally, upon certain events, as defined by the terms of the Senior Notes, the holder has the right to 
require the Company to purchase this security at a price of 101% of the principal amount plus accrued and
unpaid interest to the date of the event. Interest on all outstanding long-term debt is payable semi-annually.

The estimated fair value of Senior Notes is valued using Level 2 inputs. Other long-term debt consists of 
Guaranteed Senior Notes issued by the Company's Japanese subsidiary and are valued using Level 3 inputs. 
At the end of 2018 and 2017, the fair value of the Company's long-term debt, including the current portion,
was approximately $6,492 and $6,753, respectively. The carrying value of long-term debt consisted of the
following:

1.70% Senior Notes due December 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
1.75% Senior Notes due February 2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.15% Senior Notes due May 2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.25% Senior Notes due February 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.30% Senior Notes due May 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.75% Senior Notes due May 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3.00% Senior Notes due May 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total long-term debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less current portion(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt, excluding current portion. . . . . . . . . . . . $

_______________
(1) Included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

2018

2017

1,199 $

499
995
498
794
992
987
613
6,577
90

6,487 $

1,198
498
994
497
793
991
986
702
6,659
86
6,573

51

Maturities of long-term debt during the next five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:

2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

90
1,700
1,091
1,300
90
2,343
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6,614

Total

Note 5—Leases

Operating Leases

The aggregate rental expense for 2018, 2017, and 2016 was $265, $258, and $250, respectively. Sub-lease 
income and contingent rent were not material in 2018, 2017, or 2016. 

Capital and Build-to-Suit Leases

Gross assets recorded under capital and build-to-suit leases were $427 and $404 at the end of 2018 and 
2017, respectively. These assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of $94 and $78 at the end 
of 2018 and 2017, respectively.

At the end of 2018, future minimum payments, net of sub-lease income of $105 for all years combined, under 
non-cancelable operating leases with terms of at least one year and capital leases were as follows:

Operating
Leases

2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

227 $
214
193
183
175
2,215
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3,207

Total

Capital
Leases(1)
34
35
36
36
36
647
824
(427)
397
(7)
390

$

Less amount representing interest
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net present value of minimum lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less current installments(2)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term capital lease obligations less current installments(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . .

_______________

(1) 
(2) 
(3) 

Includes build-to-suit lease obligations.
Included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

52

Note 6—Stockholders’ Equity

Dividends

The Company’s current quarterly dividend rate is $0.57 per share. In May 2017, the Company paid a special
cash dividend of $7.00 per share. The aggregate payment was approximately $3,100. Subsequent to the
end of 2018, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.57 per share,
which is payable on November 23, 2018.

Stock Repurchase Programs

The  Company’s  stock  repurchase  program  is  conducted  under  a  $4,000  authorization  by  the  Board  of 
Directors, which expires April 17, 2019. As of the end of 2018, the remaining amount available for stock
repurchases under the approved plan was $2,427. The following table summarizes the Company’s stock
repurchase activity:

2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Repurchased

Shares
(000’s)

Average
Price per
Share

Total Cost

1,756 $
2,998
3,184

183.13 $
157.87
149.90

322
473
477

These amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements 
of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year.

Note 7—Stock-Based Compensation Plans

The Company grants stock-based compensation primarily to employees and non-employee directors. RSU 
grants to all executive officers are performance-based. Through a series of shareholder approvals, there
have been amended and restated plans and new provisions implemented by the Company. RSUs are subject
to quarterly vesting upon retirement or voluntary termination. Employees who attain certain years of service 
with the Company receive shares under accelerated vesting provisions on the annual vesting date rather 
than upon retirement. The Seventh Restated 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (Seventh Plan) is the Company’s
only stock-based compensation plan with shares available for grant at the end of 2018. Each share issued
in respect of stock awards is counted as 1.75 shares toward the limit of shares made available under the 
Seventh  Plan. The  Seventh  Plan  authorized  the  issuance  of  23,500,000  shares  (13,429,000  RSUs)  of 
common stock for future grants in addition to the shares authorized under the previous plan. The Company 
issues new shares of common stock upon vesting of RSUs. Shares for vested RSUs are generally delivered
to participants annually, net of statutory withholding taxes.

Summary of Restricted Stock Unit Activity

RSUs  granted  to  employees  and  to  non-employee  directors  generally  vest  over  five  and  three  years, 
respectively.  Additionally,  the  terms  of  the  RSUs,  including  performance-based  awards,  provide  for 
accelerated vesting for employees and non-employee directors who have attained 25 or more and five or 
more years of service with the Company, respectively. Recipients are not entitled to vote or receive dividends 
on non-vested and undelivered shares. At the end of 2018, 8,313,000 shares were available to be granted
as RSUs under the Seventh Plan.

53

The following awards were outstanding at the end of 2018:

• 

•

7,246,000 time-based RSUs that vest upon continued employment over specified periods of time;

332,000 performance-based RSUs, of which 205,000 were granted to executive officers subject to
the certification of the attainment of specified performance targets for 2018. This certification occurred
in October 2018, at which time a portion vested as a result of the long service of all executive officers.
The remaining awards vest upon continued employment over specified periods of time.

The following table summarizes RSU transactions during 2018:

Number of
(in 000’s)

Units

Weighted-Average

Grant Date Fair

Value

Outstanding at the end of 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested and delivered . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding at the end of 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8,199 $
3,722
(4,088)
(255)
7,578 $

128.15
156.19
129.49
138.57
140.85

The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted was $156.19, $144.12, and $153.46 in 2018, 
2017, and 2016, respectively. The remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs 
at the end of 2018 was $693 and the weighted-average period of time over which this cost will be recognized 
is 1.6 years. Included in the outstanding balance at the end of 2018 were approximately 2,658,000 RSUs
vested but not yet delivered.

Summary of Stock-Based Compensation

The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense and the related tax benefits under the 
Company’s plans:

2016
Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 544 $ 514 $ 459
Less income tax benefit (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(150)
Stock-based compensation expense, net of income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 428 $ 347 $ 309
_______________

(167)

(116)

2018

2017

In 2018, the income tax benefit reflects the reduction in the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate from 35% to 21%.

(1) 

Note 8—Income Taxes

Income before income taxes is comprised of the following:

2018

2017

2016

Domestic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3,182 $ 2,988 $ 2,622
Foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
997
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4,442 $ 4,039 $ 3,619

1,051

1,260

54

The provisions for income taxes are as follows:

Federal:

2018

2017

2016

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Current
Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total federal

636 $
(35)
601

State:

Current
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total state . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

190
22
212

Foreign:

802 $

7
809

161
8
169

468
233
701

108
21
129

Current
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

398
15
413
Total provision for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,263 $ 1,325 $ 1,243

389
(42)
347

487
(37)
450

In December 2017, the 2017 Tax Act was signed into law. Except for certain provisions, the 2017 Tax Act is
effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2018. The Company is a fiscal-year taxpayer, so most 
provisions will become effective for fiscal 2019, including limitations on the Company’s ability to claim foreign 
tax credits, repeal of the domestic manufacturing deduction, and limitations on certain business deductions. 
Provisions with significant impacts that were effective starting in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and 
throughout  the  remainder  of  fiscal  2018  included:  a  decrease  in  the  U.S.  federal  income  tax  rate, 
remeasurement of certain net deferred tax liabilities, and a transition tax on deemed repatriation of certain 
foreign earnings. The decrease in the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to 21.0% resulted in a blended 
rate for the Company of 25.6% for fiscal 2018.

The reconciliation between the statutory tax rate and the effective rate is as follows:

2018

2017

2016

Federal taxes at statutory rate . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,136
154
State taxes, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
32
Foreign taxes, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(14)
Employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) . .
19
2017 Tax Act . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(64)
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,263

25.6% $ 1,414
116
3.4
(64)
0.7
(104)
(0.3)
0.4
—
(1.4)
(37)
28.4% $ 1,325

35.0% $ 1,267
91
2.9
(21)
(1.6)
(17)
(2.6)
—
—
(0.9)
(77)
32.8% $ 1,243

35.0%
2.5
(0.6)
(0.5)
—
(2.1)
34.3%

During fiscal 2018, the Company recognized a net tax expense of $19 related to the 2017 Tax Act. This 
expense included $142 for the estimated tax on deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, and $43 for the 
reduction in foreign tax credits and other immaterial items, largely offset by a tax benefit of $166 for the 
provisional remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities. These items were predominantly recorded in
the second quarter as provisional amounts and reflect the Company's current interpretations and estimates 
that it believes are reasonable. As the Company continues to evaluate the 2017 Tax Act and available data,
it anticipates that adjustments may be made in future periods up to and including the second quarter of fiscal 
2019 in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin 118.

In fiscal 2018, we also recognized net tax benefits of $76, which was largely driven by the adoption of an
accounting standard related to stock-based compensation and other immaterial net benefits. In fiscal 2017, 
the Company’s provision for income taxes was favorably impacted by a net tax benefit of $104, primarily 

55

due to tax benefits recorded in connection with the May 2017 special cash dividends paid by the Company 
to employees through the Company's 401(k) retirement plan of $82. Dividends on these shares are deductible
for U.S. income tax purposes. There was no similar special cash dividend in 2018 or 2016.

The components of the deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:

Equity compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Deferred income/membership fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued liabilities and reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property and equipment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Merchandise inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other(1)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net deferred tax (liabilities)/assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

72 $
136
484
(478)
(175)
(40)
(1) $

109
167
647
(747)
(252)
18
(58)

2018

2017

_______________

(1) 

Includes foreign tax credits of $36 for 2017. There were no foreign tax credits in 2018.

The deferred tax accounts at the end of fiscal 2018 and 2017 include deferred income tax assets of $316
and  $254,  respectively,  included  in  other  assets;  and  deferred  income  tax  liabilities  of  $317  and  $312,
respectively, included in other liabilities.

The Company no longer considers current fiscal 2018 and future earnings of our non-U.S. consolidated 
subsidiaries to be permanently reinvested and has recorded the estimated incremental foreign withholding 
(net of available foreign tax credits) on current fiscal year earnings and state income taxes payable assuming 
a hypothetical repatriation to the U.S. The Company continues to consider undistributed earnings of certain 
non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries prior to fiscal 2018, which totaled $3,071, to be indefinitely reinvested
and has not provided for withholding or state taxes. 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for 2018 and 2017
is as follows:

Gross unrecognized tax benefit at beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Gross increases—current year tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross increases—tax positions in prior years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross decreases—tax positions in prior years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lapse of statute of limitations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Gross unrecognized tax benefit at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

2018

2017

52 $
6
6
(17)
(1)
(10)
36 $

52
3
17
0
(11)
(9)
52

The gross unrecognized tax benefit includes tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain
but there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. At the end of 2018 and 2017, these amounts
were immaterial. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, the 
disallowance of these tax positions would not affect the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the
payment of cash to the taxing authority. The total amount of such unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized,
would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods is $32 and $29 at the end of 2018 and
2017, respectively.

Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax 
expense. Interest and penalties recognized during 2018 and 2017 and accrued at the end of each respective 
period were not material.

56

The Company is currently under audit by several jurisdictions in the United States and in several foreign
countries. Some audits may conclude in the next 12 months and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in
relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement amounts. It is not practical to estimate the effect, if 
any, of any amount of such change during the next 12 months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions
in connection with the audits. The Company does not anticipate that there will be a material increase or 
decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months.

The Company files income tax returns in the United States, various state and local jurisdictions, in Canada, 
and in several other foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S.
federal,  state  or  local  examination  for  years  before  fiscal  2014.  The  Company  is  currently  subject  to
examination in California for fiscal years 2007 to present. No other examinations are believed to be material.

Note 9—Net Income per Common and Common Equivalent Share

The following table shows the amounts used in computing net income per share and the weighted average
number of shares of potentially dilutive common shares outstanding (shares in 000’s):

Net income attributable to Costco . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3,134 $ 2,679 $ 2,350
Weighted average number of common shares used in basic net

income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
RSUs and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted average number of common shares and dilutive potential

of common stock used in diluted net income per share . . . . . . . . . . .

438,515
3,319

438,437
2,500

438,585
2,678

441,834

440,937

441,263

Note 10—Commitments and Contingencies

Legal Proceedings

The Company is involved in a number of claims, proceedings and litigation arising from its business and 
property ownership. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrual 
for legal proceedings if and when those matters reach a stage where they present loss contingencies that 
are both probable and reasonably estimable. There may be exposure to loss in excess of any amounts 
accrued. The Company monitors those matters for developments that would affect the likelihood of a loss 
(taking into account where applicable indemnification arrangements concerning suppliers and insurers) and 
the accrued amount, if any, thereof, and adjusts the amount as appropriate. As of the date of this Report,
the Company has recorded an immaterial accrual with respect to one matter described below, in addition to 
other immaterial accruals for matters not described below. If the loss contingency at issue is not both probable 
and reasonably estimable, the Company does not establish an accrual, but will continue to monitor the matter 
for developments that will make the loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. In each case,
there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, including a loss in excess of the applicable 
accrual. For matters where no accrual has been recorded, the possible loss or range of loss (including any 
loss in excess of the accrual) cannot, in the Company's view, be reasonably estimated because, among 
other things: (i) the remedies or penalties sought are indeterminate or unspecified; (ii) the legal and/or factual 
theories are not well developed; and/or (iii) the matters involve complex or novel legal theories or a large 
number of parties.

The Company is a defendant in a class action alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 for failing 
to provide seating to member service assistants who act as greeters and exit attendants in the Company’s 
California warehouses. Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al. (Case No. 5:13-cv-03598, N.D. Cal. filed 
July 1, 2013). The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and 
attorneys’ fees. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint. The plaintiff 
has since indicated that exit attendants are no longer a subject of the litigation. The action in the district court

57

has been stayed pending review by the Ninth Circuit of the order certifying a class. On September 6, 2018,
counsel claiming to represent an employee notified the California Labor and Workforce Development agency
of an intention to bring similar claims concerning Costco employees engaged at member services counters.

On November 23, 2016, the Company’s Canadian subsidiary received from the Ontario Ministry of Health
and Long Term Care a request for an inspection and information concerning compliance with the anti-rebate 
provisions in the Ontario Drug Benefit Act and the Drug Interchangeability and Dispensing Fee Act. The 
Company is seeking to cooperate with the request. The Ministry has indicated it has reason to believe the
Company received payments in violation of these laws and is seeking disgorgement of these sums.

In December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous cases 
filed against various defendants by counties, cities, hospitals, Native American tribes and third-party payors
concerning the impacts of opioid abuse. In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation (MDL No. 2804) (N.D.
Ohio). Included are federal court cases that name the Company, including actions filed by a number of 
counties and cities in Michigan, New Jersey and Ohio, and a third-party payor in Ohio. Similar cases that
name the Company have been filed in state courts in New Jersey and Oklahoma. The Company is defending
these matters.

In November 2016 and September 2017, the Company received notices of violation from the Connecticut
Department of Energy and Environmental Protection regarding hazardous waste practices at its Connecticut
warehouses,  primarily  concerning  unsalable  pharmaceuticals.  The  Company  is  seeking  to  cooperate
concerning the resolution of these notices.

The  Company  does  not  believe  that  any  pending  claim,  proceeding  or  litigation,  either  alone  or  in  the
aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or 
cash flows; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely,
could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter.

58

Note 11—Segment Reporting

The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in
the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, Iceland, and France and through a majority-
owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the
operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers
geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in Note 1. Inter-
segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income.
Certain operating expenses, predominantly stock-based compensation, incurred on behalf of the Company's
Canadian  and  Other  International  operations,  are  included  in  the  U.S.  operations  because  those  costs 
generally come under the responsibility of U.S. management.

United States
Operations

Canadian
Operations

Other

International
Operations

Total

2,787
1,078
2,046
13,353
28,207

2018
Total revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 102,286 $
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions to property and equipment . . . . . . . . .
Net property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2017
Total revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions to property and equipment . . . . . . . . .
Net property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2016
Total revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions to property and equipment . . . . . . . . .
Net property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

86,579 $
2,326
946
1,823
11,745
22,511

93,889 $
2,644
1,044
1,714
12,339
24,068

20,689 $

939
135
268
1,900
4,303

18,775 $

841
124
277
1,820
4,471

17,028 $

778
109
299
1,628
3,480

18,601 $ 141,576
4,480
1,437
2,969
19,681
40,830

754
224
655
4,428
8,320

16,361 $ 129,025
4,111
1,370
2,502
18,161
36,347

626
202
511
4,002
7,808

15,112 $ 118,719
3,672
1,255
2,649
17,043
33,163

568
200
527
3,670
7,172

The following table summarizes the percentage of net sales by merchandise category:

2016
Food and Sundries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41% 41% 43%
Hardlines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16% 16% 16%
Fresh Foods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14% 14% 14%
Softlines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11% 12% 12%
Ancillary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18% 17% 15%

2018

2017

59

Note 12—Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

The two tables that follow reflect the unaudited quarterly results of operations for 2018 and 2017.

First

Quarter

(12 Weeks)

REVENUE
Net sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 31,117
Membership fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
692
31,809
Total revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

52 Weeks Ended September 2, 2018

Second
Quarter

(12 Weeks)

Third
Quarter

(12 Weeks)

Fourth
Quarter

(16 Weeks)

Total

(52 Weeks)

$ 32,279
716
32,995

$ 31,624
737
32,361

$ 43,414
997
44,411

$ 138,434
3,142
141,576

OPERATING EXPENSES
Merchandise costs . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and

administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Preopening expenses. . . . . . . . . . .
Operating income. . . . . . . . . . . .

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest income and other, net . . . .
INCOME BEFORE INCOME

TAXES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Provision for income taxes . . . . . . .
Net income including

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . .

Net income attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . .

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE

TO COSTCO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

NET INCOME PER COMMON
SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
COSTCO:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Shares used in calculation (000’s)

27,617

28,733

28,131

38,671

123,152

3,224
17
951

3,234
12
1,016

(37)
22

936
285

651

(11)

640

1.46
1.45

$

$
$

(37)
7

986
273

713

(12)

701

1.60
1.59

$

$
$

3,155
8
1,067

(37)
41

1,071
309

762

(12)

4,263
31
1,446

(48)
51

1,449
396

1,053

13,876
68
4,480

(159)
121

4,442
1,263

3,179

(10)

(45)

750

$

1,043

$

3,134

1.71
1.70

$
$

2.38
2.36

$
$

7.15
7.09

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

437,965
440,851

439,022
441,568

438,740
441,715

438,379
442,427

438,515
441,834

CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED

PER COMMON SHARE . . . . . . . . $

0.50

$

0.50

$

0.57

$

0.57

$

2.14

60

First

Quarter

(12 Weeks)

REVENUE
Net sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 27,469
Membership fees . . . . . . . . . . . . .
630
28,099
Total revenue. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

53 Weeks Ended September 3, 2017

Second
Quarter

(12 Weeks)

Third
Quarter

(12 Weeks)

Fourth
Quarter

(17 Weeks)

Total (53
Weeks)

$ 29,130
636
29,766

$ 28,216
644
28,860

$ 41,357
943
42,300

$ 126,172
2,853
129,025

OPERATING EXPENSES
Merchandise costs. . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and

administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Preopening expenses . . . . . . . . .
Operating income . . . . . . . . . .

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest income and other, net . . .
INCOME BEFORE INCOME

TAXES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Provision for income taxes . . . . .
Net income including

noncontrolling interests . . . . . .

Net income attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . .

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE

TO COSTCO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

NET INCOME PER COMMON
SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
COSTCO:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Shares used in calculation

(000’s)

24,288

25,927

24,970

36,697

111,882

2,940
22
849

2,980
15
844

2,907
15
968

(29)
26

846
291

555

(10)

545

1.24
1.24

$

$
$

(31)
(4)

809
288

521

(6)

515

1.17
1.17

$

$
$

(21)
18

965
259 (1)

706

(6)

700

1.59
1.59

$

$
$

4,123
30
1,450

(53)
22

1,419
487

932

(13)

12,950
82
4,111

(134)
62

4,039
1,325

2,714

(35)

919

$

2,679

2.10
2.08

$
$

6.11
6.08

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

438,007
440,525

439,127
440,657

438,817
441,056

437,987
441,036

438,437
440,937

CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED

PER COMMON SHARE. . . . . . . $

_______________

0.45

$

0.45

$

7.50 (2) $

0.50

$

8.90

(1) 

(2) 

Includes an $82 tax benefit recorded in the third quarter in connection with the special cash dividend paid to employees through 
the Company's 401(k) Retirement Plan.
Includes the special cash dividend of $7.00 per share paid in May 2017.

61

Item 9—Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A—Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to
ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our  principal  executive  and  financial  officers,  to  allow  timely  decisions  regarding  disclosure. The  Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), with assistance from other members of 
management, have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 
2, 2018 and, based on their evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were 
not effective as of such date due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, described
below.

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and 
procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly 
reflect  our  transactions  and  the  dispositions  of  our  assets;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  our 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect 
on our financial statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect
misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, we assessed the effectiveness of 
our internal control over financial reporting as of September 2, 2018, using the criteria set forth by the
Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (COSO)  in  Internal  Control—
Integrated Framework (2013). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of 
our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

We identified a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology general
controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information 
technology (IT) systems that support the Company’s financial reporting processes. Our business process
controls (automated and manual) that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective
because they could have been adversely impacted. We believe that these control deficiencies were a result 
of: IT control processes lacking sufficient documentation such that the successful operation of ITGCs was
overly dependent upon knowledge and actions of certain individuals with IT expertise, which led to failures 
resulting from changes in IT personnel; insufficient training of IT personnel on the importance of ITGCs; and
risk-assessment processes inadequate to identify and assess changes in IT environments that could impact
internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness did not result in any identified misstatements

62

to the financial statements, and there were no changes to previously released financial results. Based on 
this material weakness, the Company’s management concluded that at September 2, 2018, the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting was not effective.

The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP has issued an adverse audit
report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 2,
2018, which appears in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Following identification of the material weakness and prior to filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we
completed substantive procedures for the year ended September 2, 2018. Based on these procedures,
management believes that our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our CEO and CFO have certified that, based on their knowledge, 
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Form 10-K, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for,
the periods presented in this Form 10-K. KPMG LLP has issued an unqualified opinion on our financial 
statements, which is included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Remediation

Management has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control
deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these controls are designed,
implemented,  and  operating  effectively.  The  remediation  actions  include:  (i)  creating  and  filling  an  IT
Compliance Oversight function; (ii) developing a training program addressing ITGCs and policies, including
educating control owners concerning the principles and requirements of each control, with a focus on those
related to user access and change-management over IT systems impacting financial reporting; (iii) developing 
and  maintaining  documentation  underlying  ITGCs  to  promote  knowledge  transfer  upon  personnel  and
function changes; (iv) developing enhanced risk assessment procedures and controls related to changes in
IT systems; (v) implementing an IT management review and testing plan to monitor ITGCs with a specific 
focus on systems supporting our financial reporting processes; and (vi) enhanced quarterly reporting on the 
remediation measures to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

We believe that these actions will remediate the material weakness. The weakness will not be considered
remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management
has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation 
of this material weakness will be completed prior to the end of fiscal 2019.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Except for the material weakness identified during the quarter, as of September 2, 2018, there have been
no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) 
of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 that have materially affected, or 
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/    W. CRAIG JELINEK
W. Craig Jelinek
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

/s/    RICHARD A. GALANTI
Richard A. Galanti
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Director

63

Item 9B—Other Information

None.

PART III

Item 10—Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information relating to the availability of our code of ethics for senior financial officers and a list of our executive
officers appear in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. The information required by this Item concerning our directors 
and nominees for director is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled “Proposal 1: Election
of Directors,” “Directors,” “Committees of the Board” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting 
Compliance” in Costco’s Proxy Statement for its 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed 
with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year (“Proxy Statement”).

Item 11—Executive Compensation

The  information  required  by  this  Item  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  the  sections  entitled 
“Compensation of Directors,” “Executive Compensation,” and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” in
Costco’s Proxy Statement.

Item 12—Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled “Principal 
Shareholders” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in Costco’s Proxy Statement.

Item 13—Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled “Proposal 
1: Election of Directors,” “Directors,” “Committees of the Board,” “Shareholder Communications to the Board,” 
“Meeting  Attendance,”  “Report  of  the  Compensation  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors,”  “Certain 
Relationships and Transactions” and “Report of the Audit Committee” in Costco’s Proxy Statement.

Item 14—Principal Accounting Fees and Services

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled “Independent
Public Accountants” in Costco’s Proxy Statement.

64

PART IV

Item 15—Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)  Documents filed as part of this report are as follows:

1. 

Financial Statements:

See the listing of Financial Statements included as a part of this Form 10-K in Item 8 of Part
II.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules:

All schedules have been omitted because the required information is not present or is not 
present  in  amounts  sufficient  to  require  submission  of  the  schedule,  or  because  the
information required is included in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes
thereto.

(b)  Exhibits:  The  required  exhibits  are  filed  as  part  of  this Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  or  are 

incorporated herein by reference.

Incorporated by Reference

Form
10-Q

Period Ending
2/15/2015

Filing Date
3/11/2015

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

10-K

10-Q

8-K

DEF 14A

11/2/2017

5/16/2017

5/16/2017

5/16/2017

5/16/2017

9/2/2012

10/19/2012

2/14/2010

3/17/2010

1/31/2012

12/19/2014

10-Q

11/22/2015

12/17/2015

Exhibit
Number
3.1

3.2

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

10.1*

10.2.1*

10.2.2*

10.2.3*

10.2.4*

Exhibit Description

Filed

Herewith

Articles of Incorporation as 
amended of Costco Wholesale 
Corporation
Bylaws as amended of Costco 
Wholesale Corporation
Form of 2.150% Senior Notes due 
May 18, 2021
Form of 2.300% Senior Notes due 
May 18, 2022
Form of 2.750% Senior Notes due 
May 18, 2024
Form of 3.000% Senior Notes due 
May 18, 2027
Costco Wholesale Executive 
Health Plan
Fifth Restated 2002 Stock 
Incentive Plan
Sixth Restated 2002 Stock
Incentive Plan
Seventh Restated 2002 Stock
Incentive Plan
Seventh Restated 2002 Stock
Incentive Plan Restricted Stock 
Unit Award Agreement-U.S. 
Employee

65

Exhibit
Number
10.2.5*

10.2.6*

10.2.7*

10.3.1*

10.3.2*

10.4*

10.5*
10.6.1**

10.6.2**

10.6.3**

10.6.4**

10.6.5**

10.7*
21.1
23.1

31.1
32.1

Exhibit Description

Seventh Restated 2002 Stock
Incentive Plan Restricted Stock 
Unit Award Agreement-Non-U.S. 
Employee
Seventh Restated 2002 Stock
Incentive Plan Restricted Stock 
Unit Award Agreement-Non-
Executive Director
Seventh Restated 2002 Stock
Incentive Plan Letter Agreement 
for 2016 Performance-Based 
Restricted Stock Units-Executive
Executive Employment 
Agreement, effective January 1, 
2017, between W. Craig Jelinek 
and Costco Wholesale 
Corporation

Letter Dated December 18, 2017, 
Regarding an Extension of the 
Term of the Executive 
Employment Agreement, effective 
January 1, 2017, between W. 
Craig Jelinek and Costco 
Wholesale Corporation
Form of Indemnification 
Agreement
Deferred Compensation Plan
Citibank, N.A. Co-Branded Credit 
Card Agreement
First Amendment to Citi, N.A. Co-
Branded Credit Card Agreement
Second Amendment to Citi, N.A.
Co-Branded Credit Card 
Agreement
Third Amendment to Citi, N.A. Co-
Branded Credit Card Agreement

Fourth Amendment to Citi, N.A. 
Co-Branded Credit Card 
Agreement
Fiscal 2018 Executive Bonus Plan
Subsidiaries of the Company
Consent of Independent 
Registered Public Accounting Firm
Rule 13a – 14(a) Certifications
Section 1350 Certifications

Incorporated by Reference

Filed

Herewith

Form
10-Q

Period Ending
11/22/2015

Filing Date
12/17/2015

10-Q

11/22/2015

12/17/2015

10-Q

11/22/2015

12/17/2015

10-Q

11/20/2016

12/16/2016

10-Q

11/26/2017

12/21/2017

14A

10-K
10-Q/A

10-Q

10-Q

10-K

10-Q

8-K

12/13/1999

9/1/2013
5/10/2015

10/16/2013
8/31/2015

11/22/2015

12/17/2015

2/14/2016

3/9/2016

8/28/2016

10/12/2016

2/18/2018

3/15/2018

10/31/2017

x
x

x
x

66

Exhibit
Number
Exhibit Description
101.INS
XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension

Schema Document

101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension

Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension

Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label

Linkbase Document

101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension

Presentation Linkbase Document

Incorporated by Reference

Filed

Herewith

Form

Period Ending

Filing Date

x
x

x

x

x

x

 _____________________
* Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.
** Portions of this exhibit have been omitted under a confidential treatment order issued by the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

(c) 

Financial Statement Schedules—None.

Item 16—Form 10-K Summary

None.

67

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant 
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

October 25, 2018 

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION
(Registrant)

By

/s/ RICHARD A. GALANTI

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Richard A. Galanti

and Director

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below 
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

October 25, 2018

By

By

By

By

By

By

/s/ W. CRAIG JELINEK

W. Craig Jelinek

President, Chief Executive Officer and 

Director

/s/ RICHARD A. GALANTI

Richard A. Galanti

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 

Officer and Director

(Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ SUSAN L. DECKER

Susan L. Decker

Director

/s/ JOHN W. MEISENBACH

John W. Meisenbach

Director

/s/ JEFFREY S. RAIKES

Jeffrey S. Raikes

Director

/s/ MARY (MAGGIE) A. WILDEROTTER

Mary (Maggie) A. Wilderotter

Director

/s/ HAMILTON E. JAMES

Hamilton E. James

Chairman of the Board

/s/ DANIEL M. HINES

Daniel M. Hines

Senior Vice President and Corporate 

Controller

(Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ KENNETH D. DENMAN

Kenneth D. Denman

Director

/s/ CHARLES T. MUNGER

Charles T. Munger

Director

/s/ JOHN W. STANTON

John W. Stanton

Director

 

 

 

 

By

By

By

By

By

 

 

68

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Susan L. Decker(a)

CEO and co-founder of Raftr;
Former President of Yahoo! Inc.

Kenneth D. Denman(a)(c)

Venture Partner at Sway Ventures;
Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Emotient, Inc.

Richard A. Galanti

Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer, Costco

Hamilton E. James

Chairman of the Board, Costco;
Executive Vice Chair, The Blackstone Group

Charles T. Munger(a)*(b)

Vice Chairman of the Board of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.;
Chairman of the Board of Daily Journal Corporation

Jeffrey S. Raikes(c)*

Founder and CEO of the Raikes Foundation;
Former CEO of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation

John W. Stanton(b)*

Chairman of First Avenue Entertainment LLLP,
Trilogy International Partners, Inc. and Trilogy Equity Partners

Maggie A. Wilderotter(b)(c)

CEO and Chairman of Grand Reserve Inn;
Former Executive Chairman of Frontier Communications

President and Chief Executive Officer, Costco

Former President of MCM, A Meisenbach Company

W. Craig Jelinek

John W. Meisenbach

Richard M. Libenson

Director Emeritus

Board Committees
(a) Audit Committee
(b) Compensation Committee
(c) Nominating and Governance Committee
*2018 Committee Chair

EXECUTIVE AND SENIOR OFFICERS
Jeffrey B. Lyons

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Bay Area

Senior Vice President, Merchandising – Fresh Foods

Senior Vice President, Merchandising – Non-Foods & Ecommerce

Senior Vice President, Real Estate Development

Senior Vice President, National Merchandising – Canada Division

Executive Vice President, COO - Southwest Division & Mexico

Senior Vice President, Ecommerce and Travel

Senior Vice President, Construction

Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Risk Management

Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Asia

Executive Vice President, COO – International Division

Senior Vice President, Costco Wholesale Industries & Business
Development
Victor A. Curtis

Senior Vice President, Pharmacy

Senior Vice President, Treasury, Financial Planning &
Investor Relations

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Northwest Region

Senior Vice President, Merchandising – Non-Foods & Ecommerce

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Europe

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Los Angeles Region

Senior Vice President, Ecommerce

Senior Vice President, General Manager
– Midwest Region
Richard A. Galanti

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Jaime Gonzalez

Senior Vice President, General Manager
– Mexico

Executive Vice President, COO – Eastern & Canadian Divisions and
Chief Diversity Officer

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Eastern Canada Region

Executive Vice President, Ancillary Businesses, Manufacturing &
Business Centers

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Texas Region

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Southeast Region

Senior Vice President, Merchandising – Foods & Sundries

Senior Vice President, Information Systems

Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller

Senior Vice President, General Manager - Western Canadian Region

President and Chief Executive Officer

Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary

Executive Vice President, COO – Northern Division

Senior Vice President, Depots & Traffic

Senior Vice President, Membership, Marketing, Services &

Executive Vice President, COO – Merchandising

Executive Vice President, Administration

Senior Vice President, General Manager – San Diego Region

Senior Vice President, General Manager – Northeast Region

David Messner

Russ Miller

Ali Moayeri

Paul G. Moulton

James P. Murphy

Robert E. Nelson

Mario Omoss

Stephen M. Pappas

Mike Parrott

Joseph P. Portera

Pierre Riel

Timothy L. Rose

Yoram B. Rubanenko

James W. Rutherford

David Skinner

John Sullivan

John D. Thelan

Ron M. Vachris

W. Richard Wilcox

Jeffrey Abadir

Claudine Adamo

Andree T. Brien

Donald E. Burdick

Patrick J. Callans

Richard Chang

Richard C. Chavez

Richard Delie

Caton Frates

John B. Gaherty

Darby Greek

William Hanson

Daniel M. Hines

W. Craig Jelinek

James Klauer

Paul Latham

Franz E. Lazarus

Jeffrey R. Long

Foods & Sundries - Western Canada Region

Operations – Northwest Region

Michael Anderson

Information Systems

James J. Andruski

Kathleen Ardourel
Global Ecommerce

Marc-André Bally

Business Centre and Bakery Commissary
– Canadian Division

Tiffany Barbre

Financial Accounting Controller

Patty Bauer

Information Systems

Bryan Blank
Operations
- San Diego Region
Christopher Bolves

Timothy Bowersock
Information Systems

Kimberly F. Brown

Operations – Northwest Region

Operations – Texas Region

Deborah Calhoun

GMM – Foods – San Diego Region

Paul Cano

Operations - Bay Area Region

Michael G. Casebier

Operations – Texas Region

Mike Cho

Country Manager – Korea

Jeffrey M. Cole

Gasoline, Car Wash & Mini-labs

Julie L. Cruz

Ron Damiani

Wendy Davis

Russ Decaire

Operations – Southeast Region

Marketing – Canadian Division

Operations – Midwest Region

Operations – Eastern Canada Region

Heather Downie

Operations – Western Canada Region

Guy Delmonte

Operations
– Southeast Region

Gino Dorico

Jeff Elliott
Treasury
Debbie Ells

GMM – Softlines
– Canadian Division

Liz Elsner

Ecommerce

Frank Farcone

Operations – Los Angeles Region

Timothy K. Farmer

GMM – Corporate Non-Foods

Christopher E. Fleming

Operations
– Western Canada Region

Anthony Fontana

Operations – Northeast Region

Thomas J. Fox

GMM – Bakery & Food Court

Jack S. Frank

Real Estate Development – West

Joseph Grachek III

Internal Audit
Nancy Griese

GMM – Corporate Foods

Martin Groleau

GMM – Non-Foods – Canadian Division

Peter Gruening
Costco Travel

Doris Harley

Eric Harris

GMM – Foods – Southeast Region

Warehouse Operations & Facilities

Payroll & Benefit Accounting

Operations – Northeast Region

Finance, Information Systems & Administration
– Canadian Division

GMM
– Corporate Non-Foods

VICE PRESIDENTS

Jim Harrison

Transportation

David Harruff

Timothy Haser

Information Systems

Graham E. Hillier

GMM – Non-Foods
– Canadian Division

Scott Howe

Mitzi Hu

GMM – Imports

Ross A. Hunt

GMM – Food & Sundries – Midwest Region

Jeff Ishida

Real Estate – Eastern Division

Teresa Jones

Depot Operations

Kathy Kearney

Merchandise Accounting Controller

Jim Kenyon

Yoon Kim

William Koza

GMM – Corporate Non-Foods

Operations – Midwest Region

Robert Leiss

Operations – Australia

Robert Leuck

Operations – Northeast Region

Judith Logan

GMM – Non-Foods

Steve Mantanona

GMM – Merchandising – Mexico

Mark Maushund

Operations – Los Angeles Region

Susan McConnaha

Daniel McMurray

Operations
– Midwest Region

Tim Murphy

GMM – Foods – Bay Area Region

Robert Murvin

GMM – Foods – Texas Region

Jim Nelson

Pietro Nenci

GMM - Corporate Non-Foods

GMM – Corporate Foods, Foods & Sundries,
Quality Assurance, Food Safety – Canadian Division

Patrick J. Noone

Country Manager – Australia

Frank Padilla

GMM – Corporate Produce & Fresh Meat

Thomas Padilla

Operations – Northwest Region

Daniel Parent

Operations
– Eastern Canada Region

Robert Parker

Shawn Parks

Larry Pifer

Operations - Eastern Canada Region

Steven D. Powers

Operations – Southeast Region

Paul Pulver

Giro Rizzuti

Operations – Northeast Region

GMM – Non-Foods – Canadian Division

Aldyn J. Royes

Operations – Southeast Region

Chris Rylance

Information Systems

Operations – Bay Area Region

Operations – Los Angeles Region

Drew Sakuma

Art Salas

U.S. Optical
Debbie Sarter

Scott Schruber

Operations
– United Kingdom

Adam Self

Stuart Shamis

Legal - Canada

Geoff Shavey

General Manager – Taiwan

Louie Silveira

Monica Smith

Dick Snyder

Corporate Tax and Customs Compliance

Operations - Midwest Region

James Stafford

GMM – Foods – Northeast Region

Joseph Stanovcak

Operations – San Diego Region

Richard Stephens

Operations – Pharmacy
Kimberley L. Suchomel

GMM – International

Steve Supkoff

Operations – Ecommerce

Gary Swindells

Country Manager – France

Mauricio Talayero

Chief Financial Officer – Mexico

Ken J. Theriault

Country Manager – Japan

Brian Thomas

Yves Thomas

Operations – Midwest Region

H. Keith Thompson

Construction

Todd Thull

Construction

Adrian Thummler

Operations – Mexico

Sandy Torrey

Corporate Marketing &
Publishing
Tony Tran

Diane Tucci

Country Manager – Spain

Howard Tulk

Operations – Japan

Azmina K. Virani

GMM – Fresh Foods – Canadian Division

GMM – Optical, Optical Labs, Mini-labs, Pharmacy
& Gasoline – Canadian Division

Sr. GMM – Non-Foods & Ecommerce
– Canadian Division

Sarah Wehling

Jack Weisbly

Jill Whittaker

Janet Wiebke

Operations – San Diego Region

GMM – Corporate Non-Foods

Terry Williams

Information Systems

Craig Wilson

Food Safety & Quality Assurance

Charlie A. Winters

Operations – Fresh Meat, Produce & Service Deli

Earl Wiramanaden

GMM – Fresh Foods – Asia/Australia

Karim Zeffouini

Operations  –  Northeast Region

Operations – Business Centers

GMM – Food & Sundries – Los Angeles Region

Operations – Los Angeles Region

GMM – Corporate Non-Foods

GMM – Foods & Sundries – Northwest Region

Operations – Bakery & Food Court

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

A copy of Costco's annual report to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on 
Form 10-Q will be provided to any shareholder upon written request directed to Investor Relations, Costco Wholesale
Corporation,  999  Lake  Drive,  Issaquah,  Washington  98027.  Internet  users  can  access  recent  sales  and  earnings
releases, the annual report and SEC filings, as well as our Costco Online web site, at http://www.costco.com. E-mail 
users can direct their investor relations questions to investor@costco.com. All of the Company’s filings with the SEC
may be obtained at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at Room 1580, 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. For 
information regarding the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference Room, please contact the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 
Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other 
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

Corporate, Division and Region Offices

U.S. Corporate Office
Issaquah, WA 98027

999 Lake Drive

(425) 313-8100

Canada Corporate Office
415 West Hunt Club Road

Ottawa, ON K2E 1C5

(613) 221-2000

NORTHERN DIVISION
Northwest Region
  1045 Lake Drive
  Issaquah, WA 98027

  Bay Area Region
  2820 Independence Drive
  Livermore, CA 94551

  Midwest Region
  1901 West 22nd Street, 2nd Floor
  Oak Brook, IL  60523

SOUTHWEST DIVISION
  Los Angeles Region
  11000 Garden Grove Blvd., #201
  Garden Grove, CA 92843

  San Diego Region
  4649 Morena Blvd.
  San Diego, CA 92117

  Texas Region
  1701 Dallas Parkway, Suite 201
  Plano, TX 75093

Annual Meeting
Thursday, January 24, 2019 at 4:00 PM
Meydenbauer Center
11100 NE 6th Street 
Bellevue, Washington 98004

Independent Public Accountants
KPMG LLP
1918 Eighth Avenue, Suite 2900
Seattle, WA 98101

Stock Exchange Listing
The Nasdaq Global Select Market
Stock Symbol: COST

 

EASTERN DIVISION
Northeast Region
  45940 Horseshoe Drive, Suite 150
  Sterling, VA 20166

Spain Region
Calle Agustín de Betancourt, 17
Polígono Empresarial Los Gavilanes
28906 Getafe, Madrid, Spain

  Southeast Region
  3980 Venture Drive NW, #W100
  Duluth, GA 30096

CANADIAN DIVISION
Eastern Region
  31 Auriga Drive
  Ottawa, ON K2E 1C4, Canada

Western Region
  4500 Still Creek Drive, Unit A
  Burnaby, BC V5C 0E5, Canada

INTERNATIONAL DIVISION
United Kingdom Region
213 Hartspring Lane
  Watford, England WD25 8JS
  France Region
  1 avenue de Bréhat
  91140 Villebon sur Yvette, France

Japan Region
3-1-4 Ikegami-Shincho
Kawasaki-ku Kawasaki-shi
Kanagawa, 210-0832, Japan

Korea Region
40, lljik-ro
Gwangmyeong-si
Gyeonggi-do, 14347, Korea

Taiwan Region
255 Min Shan Street
Neihu, Taipei 114, Taiwan 

Australia Region
17-21 Parramatta Rd.
Lidcombe, NSW, 2141, Australia

Mexico Region
Boulevard Magnocentro #4
Col. San Fernando
La Herradura 52765
Huixquilucan, Mexico

Transfer Agent
Computershare
Costco Shareholder Relations
Correspondence should be mailed to:
P.O. Box 505000
Louisville, KY 40233
Overnight correspondence should be sent to:
462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600
Louisville, KY 40202

Telephone:  (800) 249-8982
TDD for Hearing Impaired: (800) 490-1493
Outside U.S.: (201) 680-6578
Website:  https://www.computershare.com/investor

COR000075B_0618

