CSX  ANNUAL REPORT 2017

I

Annual Report 2017   CSXCSX began its journey in 2017 to 
implement the proven scheduled 
railroading operating model, driving 
forward through the steep grades and 
sharp turns of transformational change. 
The destination: to become the best 
railroad in North America.

II

Annual Report 2017   CSXDEAR SHAREHOLDERS:

IN 2017, CSX EMPLOYEES DID THE HARD WORK REQUIRED TO LAY THE 
FOUNDATION FOR SCHEDULED RAILROADING. WE HAVE A STRONG, 
EXPERIENCED TEAM IN PLACE. NOW, OUR JOB IS TO EXECUTE.

 

JAMES M. FOOTE 
President and  
Chief Executive Officer

In 2017, CSX underwent far-reaching 
change to improve its operating model 
to become the safest, most efficient 
railroad in North America. The pace 
and breadth of change made it a 
challenging period for our employees 
and many of our customers. I was 
a part of a similar transformation at 
Canadian National Railway 20 years 
ago, and the pace of change this  
time was much faster.

CSX worked methodically through  
the initial implementation; by the 
second half of the year, the new  
model started to take hold. Our 
operating performance began to  
show significant improvement and 
positive results in the fourth quarter.

I joined the company in October as 
Chief Operating Officer, intending to 
work closely with Hunter Harrison to 
help build the new CSX. Sadly, Hunter 
passed away suddenly in December. 
We lost a great leader, teacher 
and industry pioneer who laid the 
foundation on how to run an effective 
railroad. I’m proud and grateful to the 
CSX Board to be given the opportunity 
to continue the work he started.

TURNING MOMENTUM INTO RESULTS
We finished 2017 with five consecutive 
months of improvement in velocity 
and dwell, while asset utilization and 
efficiency improved significantly  
in the fourth quarter compared to  
2016 levels.

The adoption of our new operating 
model enabled us to meet or exceed 
all of our financial targets for 2017, 
growing adjusted EPS by 27%*, 
doubling adjusted free cash flow to 
$1.7 billion* and generating record 
efficiency savings of $460 million.

Revenues were up 3% from the 
previous year. We returned almost  
$2.7 billion to our shareholders 
through dividends and share 
repurchases, a year-over-year  
increase of more than $900 million.

CSX had full-year 2017 earnings per 
share of $5.99, operating income of 
$3.7 billion and an operating ratio of 
67.9 percent. Adjusted for the impacts 
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 
and the company’s restructuring 
charge, adjusted earnings per share 
were $2.30*, adjusted operating 
income was $3.9 billion* and adjusted 
operating ratio was 66.3 percent*  
for full-year 2017.

CSX   Annual Report 2017

* See reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to corresponding GAAP measures in the Non-GAAP Measures  
section of the Company’s 2017 Form 10-K.

1

I’m encouraged by our 2017 
performance. There is plenty of hard 
work ahead, but the path to success is 
clear. CSX will continue to execute the 
scheduled railroading model and bring 
its full benefits to all our stakeholders.

SCHEDULED RAILROADING:  
A GAME-CHANGING MODEL
Scheduled railroading is a significant 
departure from the traditional rail 
operating model. Those who have 
seen it implemented know the 
powerful results this model can  
deliver for shareholders, customers 
and employees.

At its core, scheduled railroading 
is about relentlessly identifying and 
eliminating every unnecessary step, 
every unproductive asset, every extra 
mile, and every extra car handling 
that does not contribute to the quality 
and consistency of our transportation 
product. We eliminate bureaucracy. 
We run fewer, longer trains with fewer 
stops. We measure performance—in 
hours, not days—against trip plans 
created for every rail car, even  
empty ones.

Running a railroad this way  
changes the game. We need far 
fewer locomotives, railcars and even 
terminals, which means we can run our 
railroad with less capital. Next-level 
network velocity allows us to carry 
significantly more traffic with fewer 
assets. This is the powerful, proven 
leverage of scheduled railroading.

A NEW VISION FOR CSX: THE BEST 
RAILROAD IN NORTH AMERICA
Our vision is to be the best. Nothing 
less. To be the best, we must be the 
safest. The safety of our people and 
communities is our first priority and 
the most important measure of our 
success. I am personally committed 
to continuously improving CSX 
performance in this critical area.

The new CSX offers shippers a 
premium transportation product that’s 
faster, more efficient and more reliable 
than the competition. In merchandise 
and intermodal, CSX is a lower-cost 
alternative to trucking with comparable 
delivery reliability.

We are becoming a trusted, valuable 
transportation partner to more 
customers, contributing to their 
success by supporting a more 
efficient, predictable and productive 
supply chain.

The CSX leadership team is second 
to none in the industry. We have the 
right people and the right model. Day 
by day, shipment by shipment, we’re 
going to do the work required to make 
our vision a reality:

CSX. The best railroad in  
North America.

James M. Foote 
President and Chief Executive Officer

Revenue
($ in millions)

2015   $11,811

2016   $11,069

2017   $11,408

Operating Income
($ in millions)

2015   $3,584

2016   $3,389

2017   $3,850 (Adjusted)*

Net Earnings Per Share
(assuming dilution)

2015   $2.00

2016   $1.81

2017   $2.30 (Adjusted)*

Dividends Per Share

2015   $0.70

2016   $0.72

2017   $0.78

2

* See reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to corresponding GAAP measures in the Non-GAAP Measures  
section of the Company’s 2017 Form 10-K.

Annual Report 2017   CSX

PROGRESS AND PLAN

OUR DRIVE TO 2020:
DELIVERING ON OUR  
POTENTIAL

By year-end 2017, scheduled 
railroading was taking hold at CSX 
and delivering encouraging results. 
This is just the beginning of CSX’s 
new potential.

2017 Operations Scorecard

Full-year Operating Ratio 2016 vs 2017

2016

69.4%

2017 (Adjusted)*

66.3%

310 bps reduction 
from 2016.

Weekly Train Velocity
Q1/2017–Q1/2018

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

Weekly Car Dwell
Q1/2017–Q1/2018

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

Q1
2018

Q1
2018

2020 Plan

Free cash flow 

2018-2020 target: $8.5 B

Revenue CAGR 
2019 and 2020:

Operating Ratio 
2020 target:

+4%
60%

CSX   Annual Report 2017

* See reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to corresponding GAAP measures in the Non-GAAP Measures  
section of the Company’s 2017 Form 10-K.

3

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Ms. Donna M. Alvarado
Founder and President,  
Aguila International

Senator John B. Breaux
Partner, Breaux-Lott Leadership Group

Ms. Pamela L. Carter
Retired Vice President, Cummins Inc.  
and President, Cummins Distribution 
Business

Mr. James M. Foote
President and  
Chief Executive Officer, CSX

Mr. Steven T. Halverson
Chief Executive Officer,  
The Haskell Company

Mr. Paul C. Hilal
Founder and Managing Member,  
Mantle Ridge GP LLC

Mr. Edward J. Kelly, III
Retired Chairman, Institutional Clients 
Group at Citigroup, Inc.

Ms. Linda H. Riefler
Director, MSCI, Inc.

Mr. J. Steven Whisler
Retired Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer,  
Phelps Dodge Corporation

Mr. John J. Zillmer
Retired Chief Executive Officer,  
Univar

Mr. John D. McPherson
Retired, President and  
Chief Operating Officer,  
Florida East Coast Railway

Mr. David M. Moffett
Retired Chief Executive Officer and 
Director, Federal Home Loan Mortgage 
Corporation

Mr. Dennis H. Reilley
Retired Chairman, President and  
Chief Executive Officer, Praxair, Inc.

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

James M. Foote 
President and  
Chief Executive Officer

Nathan D. Goldman 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Legal Officer

Edmond L. Harris 
Executive Vice President  
of Operations

Frank A. Lonegro 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Financial Officer

Mark K. Wallace 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Administrative Officer

4

Annual Report 2017   CSX

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(X) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

(  ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from __________ to __________

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

OR

Commission File Number 1-8022

CSX CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Virginia

62-1051971

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

500 Water Street, 15th Floor, Jacksonville, FL

32202

(904) 359-3200

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

(Telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock, $1 Par Value

Name of exchange on which registered

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Yes (X) No (  ) 

Yes (  ) No (X)

Yes (X)   No (  )

Yes (X) No (  )

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File 
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for 
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).        

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, 
to the best of the registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any 
amendment to this Form 10-K.  (X)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).
Large Accelerated Filer (X)        Accelerated Filer (  )        Non-accelerated Filer (  )       Smaller reporting company (  )
Emerging growth company (  )

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with 
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. (  )
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).

On June 30, 2017 (which is the last day of the second quarter and the required date to use), the aggregate market value of the Registrant’s voting 
stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $47 billion (based on the close price as reported on the NASDAQ National Market System on such 
date).

Yes (  ) No (X)

There were 887,236,080 shares of Common Stock outstanding on January 31, 2018 (the latest practicable date that is closest to the filing date).

Portions of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement (the “Proxy Statement”) to be filed no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year with 
respect to its 2018 annual meeting of shareholders.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.1

CSX CORPORATION

FORM 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item No.

1. Business

1A. Risk Factors
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

2. Properties
3. Legal Proceedings
4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Executive Officers of the Registrant

PART I

5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of

Equity Securities

PART II

6. Selected Financial Data
7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

· Terms Used by CSX
· 2017 Highlights
· Results of Operations
· Liquidity and Capital Resources
· Schedule of Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments
· Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
· Critical Accounting Estimates
· Forward-Looking Statements

7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

9A. Controls and Procedures
9B. Other Information

PART III

10. Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance
11. Executive Compensation
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

PART IV

Signatures

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.2

Page

3
8
13
14
18
18
19

21
24
25
25
27
28
42
46
46
47
52
54
55
117
117
120

120
120
120
120
120

120

125

Item 1.  Business

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

CSX Corporation (“CSX”), and together with its subsidiaries (the “Company”), based in Jacksonville, 
Florida, is one of the nation's leading transportation companies. The Company provides rail-based freight 
transportation services including traditional rail service, the transport of intermodal containers and trailers, 
as well as other transportation services such as rail-to-truck transfers and bulk commodity operations. CSX 
and the rail industry provide customers with access to an expansive and interconnected transportation 
network that plays a key role in North American commerce and is critical to the long-term economic success 
and improved global competitiveness of the United States. In addition, freight railroads provide the most 
economical and environmentally efficient means to transport goods over land. 

The Company’s number of employees was approximately 24,000 as of December 2017, which 
includes approximately 20,000 union employees. Most of the Company’s employees provide or support 
transportation services.  

CSX Transportation, Inc.

CSX’s principal operating subsidiary, CSX Transportation, Inc. (“CSXT”), provides an important link 
to the transportation supply chain through its approximately 21,000 route mile rail network, which serves 
major population centers in 23 states east of the Mississippi River, the District of Columbia and the Canadian 
provinces of Ontario and Quebec. It has access to over 70 ocean, river and lake port terminals along the 
Atlantic and Gulf Coasts, the Mississippi River, the Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence Seaway. This access 
allows the Company to meet the dynamic transportation needs of manufacturers, industrial producers, the 
automotive industry, construction companies, farmers and feed mills, wholesalers and retailers, and energy 
producers. The Company’s intermodal business links customers to railroads via trucks and terminals. CSXT 
also serves thousands of production and distribution facilities through track connections with other Class I 
railroads and approximately 230 short-line and regional railroads.

CSXT is now responsible for the Company's real estate sales, leasing, acquisition and management 
and  development  activities  after  a  merger  with  CSX  Real  Property,  Inc.,  a  former  wholly-owned  CSX 
subsidiary,  on  July  1,  2017.  In  addition,  as  substantially  all  real  estate  sales,  leasing,  acquisition  and 
management and development activities are focused on supporting railroad operations, all results of these 
activities are included in operating income beginning in 2017. Previously, the results of these activities were 
classified as operating or non-operating based on the nature of the activity and were not material for any 
periods presented.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.3

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

Lines of Business

During 2017, the Company's services generated $11.4 billion of revenue and served three 

primary lines of business: merchandise, coal and intermodal.

•

•

•

The merchandise business shipped 2.7 million carloads and generated 62 percent of revenue
and  42  percent  of  volume  in  2017. The  Company’s  merchandise  business  is  comprised  of
shipments  in  the  following  diverse  markets:  chemicals,  automotive,  agricultural  and  food
products, minerals, fertilizers, forest products, and metals and equipment.
The coal business shipped 855 thousand carloads and accounted for 18 percent of revenue and
13 percent of volume in 2017. The Company transports domestic coal, coke and iron ore to
electricity-generating power plants, steel manufacturers and industrial plants as well as export
coal to deep-water port facilities. Roughly one-third of export coal and the majority of the domestic
coal that the Company transports is used for generating electricity.
The intermodal business accounted for 16 percent of revenue and 44 percent of volume in 2017.
The intermodal business combines the superior economics of rail transportation with the short-
haul flexibility of trucks and offers a cost advantage over long-haul trucking. Through a network
of more than 40 terminals, the intermodal business serves all major markets east of the Mississippi
River and transports mainly manufactured consumer goods in containers, providing customers
with truck-like service for longer shipments.

Other  revenue  accounted  for  4  percent  of  the  Company’s  total  revenue  in  2017. This  category 
includes revenue from regional subsidiary railroads, demurrage, revenue for customer volume commitments 
not met, switching, other incidental charges and adjustments to revenue reserves. Revenue from regional 
railroads includes shipments by railroads that the Company does not directly operate. Demurrage represents 
charges assessed when freight cars or other equipment are held beyond a specified period of time. Switching 
revenue is primarily generated when CSXT switches cars for a customer or another railroad.

Other Entities

In addition to CSXT, the Company’s subsidiaries include CSX Intermodal Terminals, Inc. (“CSX 
Intermodal Terminals”), Total Distribution Services, Inc. (“TDSI”), Transflo Terminal Services, Inc. (“Transflo”), 
CSX Technology, Inc. (“CSX Technology”) and other subsidiaries. CSX Intermodal Terminals owns and 
operates a system of intermodal terminals, predominantly in the eastern United States and also performs 
drayage services (the pickup and delivery of intermodal shipments) for certain customers and trucking 
dispatch  operations.  TDSI  serves  the  automotive  industry  with  distribution  centers  and  storage 
locations. Transflo connects non-rail served customers to the many benefits of rail by transferring products 
from rail to trucks. The biggest Transflo markets are chemicals and agriculture, which includes shipments 
of plastics and ethanol. CSX Technology and other subsidiaries provide support services for the Company.

Scheduled Railroading

In 2017, the Company began transitioning its operating model to scheduled railroading, which is 
focused on developing and strictly maintaining a scheduled service plan with an emphasis on optimizing 
assets. When the operating model is executed effectively, customer service is improved, costs are reduced 
and free cash flow is generated, allowing financial growth. E. Hunter Harrison created and refined the model 
during his decades of railroad leadership experience, successfully implementing it at three different railroads 
prior to being named CEO of CSX in March 2017. In October 2017, the Company hired James M. Foote, a 
railroad executive with extensive scheduled railroading experience, as Chief Operating Officer. Upon Mr. 
Harrison's death in December 2017, Foote was appointed CEO by the Board of Directors to continue driving 
CSX's transformation under the new operating model. Additionally, Edmond L. Harris was named Executive 
Vice President of Operations in January 2018, further strengthening the scheduled railroading experience 
of the leadership team.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.4

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

Financial Information
 
for operating revenue, operating income and total assets for each of the last three fiscal years.

See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Company History
 
A leader in freight rail transportation for more than 190 years, the Company’s heritage dates back 
to the early nineteenth century when The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company (“B&O”) – the nation’s first 
common carrier – was chartered in 1827. Since that time, the Company has built on this foundation to create 
a railroad that could safely and reliably service the ever-increasing demands of a growing nation.
 
 
Since its founding, numerous railroads have combined with the former B&O through merger and 
consolidation to create what has become CSX. Each of the railroads that combined into the CSX family 
brought new geographical reach to valuable markets, gateways, cities, ports and transportation corridors.

 
 
CSX was incorporated in 1978 under Virginia law. In 1980, the Company completed the merger of 
the Chessie System and Seaboard Coast Line Industries into CSX. The merger allowed the Company to 
connect northern population centers and Appalachian coal fields to growing southeastern markets. Later, 
the Company’s acquisition of key portions of Conrail, Inc. ("Conrail") allowed CSXT to link the northeast, 
including New England and the New York metropolitan area, with Chicago and midwestern markets as well 
as the growing areas in the Southeast already served by CSXT. This current rail network allows the Company 
to directly serve every major market in the eastern United States with safe, dependable, environmentally 
responsible and fuel efficient freight transportation and intermodal service.
 
Competition
 
The business environment in which the Company operates is highly competitive. Shippers typically 
select transportation providers that offer the most compelling combination of service and price. Service 
requirements, both in terms of transit time and reliability, vary by shipper and commodity. As a result, the 
Company’s  primary  competition  varies  by  commodity,  geographic  location  and  mode  of  available 
transportation and includes other railroads, motor carriers that operate similar routes across its service area 
and, to a less significant extent, barges, ships and pipelines. 
 
 
CSXT’s primary rail competitor is Norfolk Southern Railway, which operates throughout much of the 
Company’s territory.  Other railroads also operate in parts of the Company’s territory. Depending on the 
specific market, competing railroads and deregulated motor carriers may exert pressure on price and service 
levels. For further discussion on the risk of competition to the Company, see Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Regulatory Environment
 
The Company's operations are subject to various federal, state, provincial (Canada) and local laws 
and regulations generally applicable to businesses operating in the United States and Canada. In the U.S., 
the  railroad  operations  conducted  by  the  Company's  subsidiaries,  including  CSXT,  are  subject  to  the 
regulatory jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board (“STB”), the Federal Railroad Administration 
(“FRA”),  and  its  sister  agency  within  the  U.S.  Department  of Transportation  ("DOT"),  the  Pipeline  and 
Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (“PHMSA”). Together, FRA and PHMSA have broad jurisdiction 
over railroad operating standards and practices, including track, freight cars, locomotives and hazardous 
materials  requirements. In  addition,  the  U.S.  Environmental  Protection Agency  (“EPA”)  has  regulatory 
authority  with  respect  to  matters  that  impact  the  Company's  properties  and  operations. The  EPA  is 
considering regulatory action directed towards the railroad industry governing the disposal of creosote cross-
ties and seeking to increase air emission regulations that may impact our operations or increase costs. 
Similarly, the Transportation Security Administration (“TSA”), a component of the Department of Homeland 
Security, has broad authority over railroad operating practices that may have homeland security implications. 
In Canada, the railroad operations conducted by the Company’s subsidiaries, including CSXT, are subject 
to the regulatory jurisdiction of the Canadian Transportation Agency.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.5

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

 
Although the Staggers Act of 1980 significantly deregulated the U.S. rail industry, the STB has broad 
jurisdiction over rail carriers. The STB regulates routes, fuel surcharges, conditions of service, rates for non-
exempt traffic, acquisitions of control over rail common carriers and the transfer, extension or abandonment 
of rail lines, among other railroad activities.

Positive Train Control
 
In 2008, Congress enacted the Rail Safety Improvement Act (the “RSIA”).  The legislation included 
a mandate that all Class I freight railroads implement an interoperable positive train control system (“PTC”) 
by December 31, 2015. Implementation of a PTC system is designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, 
over-speed derailments, incursions into established work-zone limits, and train diversions onto another set 
of  tracks.  On  October  29,  2015,  the  President  of  the  United  States  signed  the  Positive  Train  Control 
Enforcement  and  Implementation Act  of  2015  into  law  extending  the  deadline.  This Act  requires  the 
installation of all PTC hardware be completed by December 31, 2018, and, assuming certain conditions are 
met, requires that the PTC system be fully operational by December 31, 2020. 

 
PTC must be installed on all main lines with passenger and commuter operations as well as most 
of  those  over  which  toxic-by-inhalation  hazardous  materials  are  transported. The  Company  expects  to 
continue incurring significant capital costs in connection with the implementation of PTC as well as related 
ongoing operating expenses. CSX currently estimates that the total multi-year cost of PTC implementation 
will be approximately $2.4 billion for the Company. Total PTC investment through 2017 was $2 billion.
 
STB Proceedings
 
In 2012, the STB announced it would accept comments on a proposal by the National Industrial 
Transportation League that would require Class I railroads to provide a form of "competitive access" to 
customers served solely by one railroad. Under this proposal, CSX would be required to allow a competing 
railroad to access certain customers that are currently solely served by CSX's network. In early 2013, 
shippers, railroads and other parties submitted comments on the proposal, and the STB held a hearing in 
March 2014 to receive further input from participating parties. Since the hearing, the STB has taken no 
further action in the proceeding.

 
In April  2014,  the  STB  announced  it  would  receive  comments  to  explore  its  methodology  for 
determining railroad revenue adequacy. The revenue adequacy standard represents the level of profitability 
for a healthy carrier. Shippers, railroads and other parties filed comments in late 2014. The STB held a 
hearing in July 2015 to receive further input from participating parties. Since the hearing, the STB has taken 
no further action in the proceeding.

 
CSX participated in a public listening session on October 11, 2017 at the STB in response to service 
complaints. During the session, the Company addressed customer concerns and detailed the Company’s 
service recovery plans at that time.  At the STB's request, CSX is providing additional operating measures 
on a weekly basis that are available on the Company's website. 

 
New rules regarding, among other things, competitive access or revenue adequacy could have a 
material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity as well as 
its ability to invest in enhancing and maintaining vital infrastructure. For further discussion on regulatory 
risks to the Company, see Item 1A. Risk Factors.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.6

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

Other Information

CSX makes available on its website www.csx.com, free of charge, its annual reports on Form 10-
K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”). The information on the CSX website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-
K. Additionally, the Company has posted its code of ethics on its website, which is also available to any
shareholder who requests it. This Form 10-K and other SEC filings made by CSX are also accessible through
the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
 

CSX has included the certifications of its Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Chief Financial 
Officer (“CFO”) required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“the Act”) as Exhibit 31, as well 
as Section 906 of the Act as Exhibit 32 to this Form 10-K report.
  

The information set forth in Item 6. Selected Financial Data is incorporated herein by reference. For 
additional  information  concerning  business  conducted  by  the  Company  during  2017,  see  Item  7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.7

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

The risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Company's 
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and could cause those results to differ materially from 
those expressed or implied in the Company's forward-looking statements. Additional risks and uncertainties 
not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently does not deem to be material also may 
materially impact the Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

New legislation or regulatory changes could impact the Company's earnings or restrict its ability to 
independently negotiate prices. 

Legislation passed by Congress, new regulations issued by federal agencies or executive orders 
issued by the President of the United States could significantly affect the revenues, costs and profitability 
of the Company's business. For instance, several of the proposals under consideration by the STB could 
have a significant negative impact on the Company's ability to negotiate prices for the value of rail services 
provided and meet service standards, which could force a reduction in capital spending. In addition, statutes 
imposing  price  constraints  or  affecting  rail-to-rail  competition  could  adversely  affect  the  Company's 
profitability. 

Government regulation and compliance risks may adversely affect the Company's operations and 
financial results. 

The Company is subject to the jurisdiction of various regulatory agencies, including the STB, FRA, 
PHMSA, TSA, EPA and other state, provincial and federal regulatory agencies for a variety of economic, 
health, safety, labor, environmental, tax, legal and other matters. New or modified rules or regulations by 
these agencies could increase the Company's operating costs or reduce operating efficiencies and impact 
service performance.  For example, the RSIA mandates that the installation of PTC hardware be completed 
by December 31, 2018 and, assuming certain conditions are met, requires that the PTC system be fully 
operational by December 31, 2020 on main lines that carry certain hazardous materials and on lines that 
have  commuter  or  passenger  operations.  Although  CSX  remains  on  track  to  meet  this  regulatory 
requirement,  noncompliance  with  these  and  other  applicable  laws  or  regulations  could  erode  public 
confidence in the Company and can subject the Company to fines, penalties and other legal or regulatory 
sanctions. 

The Company’s business strategies may not achieve the anticipated objectives. 

The implementation of the Company’s business strategies could result in operational disruptions, 
loss of existing customers, regulatory issues and other adverse consequences. If these strategies fail to 
achieve the anticipated benefits or take longer to implement than expected, the Company’s operations and 
financial results may be adversely affected. 

 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.8 

 

 

 

 
 

 

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

 
Failure to complete negotiations on collective bargaining agreements could result in strikes and/or 
work stoppages. 

Most of CSX's employees are represented by labor unions and are covered by collective bargaining 
agreements. Approximately 70 percent of these agreements are bargained for nationally by the National 
Carriers Conference Committee and negotiated over the course of several years and previously have not 
resulted  in  any  extended  work  stoppages.  Under  the  Railway  Labor  Act's  procedures  (which  include 
mediation, cooling-off periods and the possibility of an intervention of the U.S. President), during negotiations 
neither party may take action until the procedures are exhausted. If, however, CSX is unable to negotiate 
acceptable agreements, or if terms of existing agreements are disputed, the employees covered by the 
Railway Labor Act could strike, which could result in loss of business and increased operating costs as a 
result of higher wages or benefits paid to union members. Additionally, from time to time, the Company 
enters into CSX-specific, or “local”, bargaining agreements which could also be critical to the Company and 
its new business strategies. 

Network constraints could have a negative impact on service and operating efficiency. 

CSXT could experience rail network difficulties related to: (i) increased volume; (ii) locomotive or 
crew shortages; (iii) extreme weather conditions; (iv) impacts from changes in yard capacity, or network 
structure or composition, including train routes; (v) increased passenger activities, including high-speed rail; 
or (vi) regulatory changes impacting where and how fast CSXT can transport freight or maintain routes, 
which could have a negative effect on CSXT's operational fluidity, leading to deterioration of service, asset 
utilization and overall efficiency. 

Global economic conditions could negatively affect demand for commodities and other freight. 

A decline or disruption in general domestic and global economic conditions that affects demand for 
the commodities and products the Company transports, including import and export volume, could reduce 
revenues or have other adverse effects on the Company's cost structure and profitability. For example, if 
the rate of economic growth in Asia slows, European economies contract, or if the global supply of seaborne 
coal or price of seaborne coal changes from its current levels, U.S. export coal volume could be adversely 
impacted resulting in lower revenue for CSX. Additionally, changes to trade agreements or policies could 
result in reduced import and export volumes due to increased tariffs and lower consumer demand. If the 
Company experiences significant declines in demand for its transportation services with respect to one or 
more commodities and products, the Company may experience reduced revenue and increased operating 
costs, workforce adjustments, and other related activities, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

Changing dynamics in the U.S. and global energy markets could negatively impact profitability. 

Over  the  past  few  years,  production  and  source  locations  of  natural  gas  in the  U.S.  have  also 
increased dramatically, which has resulted in lower natural gas prices in CSX’s service territory. As a result 
of sustained low natural gas prices, many coal-fired power plants have been displaced by natural gas-fired 
power generation facilities. If natural gas prices were to remain low, additional coal-fired plants could be 
displaced,  which  would  likely  further  reduce  the  Company's  domestic  coal  volumes  and  revenues. 
Additionally, crude oil prices combined with increased pipeline activity have resulted in volatility in domestic 
crude oil production, which has adversely affected crude oil volumes for CSX. 

 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.9 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

 
CSXT, as a common carrier by rail, is required by law to transport hazardous materials, which could 
expose the Company to significant costs and claims. 

Atrain accident involving the transport of hazardous materials could result in significant claims arising 
from  personal  injury,  property  or  natural  resource  damage,  environmental  penalties  and  remediation 
obligations.  Such  claims,  if  insured,  could  exceed  existing  insurance  coverage  or  insurance  may  not 
continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates. Under federal regulations, CSXT is required to 
transport hazardous materials under the legal duty referred to as the common carrier mandate. 

CSXT is also required to comply with regulations regarding the handling of hazardous materials.  In 
November 2008, the TSA issued final rules placing significant new security and safety requirements on 
passenger and freight railroad carriers, rail transit systems and facilities that ship hazardous materials by 
rail.  Noncompliance with these rules can subject the Company to significant penalties and could be a factor 
in litigation arising out of a train accident.  Finally, legislation preventing the transport of hazardous materials 
through certain cities could result in network congestion and increase the length of haul for hazardous 
substances, which could increase operating costs, reduce operating efficiency or increase the risk of an 
accident involving the transport of hazardous materials. 

Climate change and other emissions-related laws and regulations could adversely affect the 
Company's operations and financial results. 

Climate change and other emissions-related laws and regulations have been proposed and, in some 
cases  adopted,  on  the  federal,  state,  provincial  and  local  levels.  These  final  and  proposed  laws  and 
regulations take the form of restrictions, caps, taxes or other controls on emissions. In particular, the EPA 
has issued various regulations and may issue additional regulations targeting emissions, including rules 
and standards governing emissions from certain stationary sources and from vehicles. 

Any  of  these    pending    or    proposed    laws    or    regulations    could    adversely    affect    the  
Company's  operations  and  financial  results  by,  among  other  things:  (i)  reducing  coal-fired  electricity 
generation due to mandated emission standards; (ii) reducing the consumption of coal as a viable energy 
resource in the United States and Canada; (iii) increasing the Company's fuel, capital and other operating 
costs and negatively affecting operating and fuel efficiencies; and (iv) making it difficult for the Company's 
customers in the U.S. and Canada to produce products in a cost competitive manner. Any of these factors 
could reduce the amount of shipments the Company handles and have a material adverse effect on the 
Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

The Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that may result in significant 
costs. 

The Company is subject to wide-ranging federal, state, provincial and local environmental laws and 
regulations concerning, among other things, emissions into the air, ground and water; the handling, storage, 
use, generation, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials; the clean-up of hazardous material 
and petroleum releases and the health and safety of our employees. If the Company violates or fails to 
comply with these laws and regulations, CSX could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by  regulators. The 
Company  can  also  be  held  liable  for consequences  arising  out  of  human  exposure  to  any  hazardous 
substances for which CSX is responsible. In certain circumstances, environmental liability can  extend to 
formerly owned or operated properties, leased properties, adjacent properties and properties owned by third 
parties or Company predecessors, as well as to properties currently owned, leased or used by the Company. 

 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.10 

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

The Company has been, and may in the future be, subject to allegations or findings to the effect that 
it has violated, or is strictly liable under, environmental laws or regulations, and such violations can result 
in the Company's incurring fines, penalties or costs relating to the clean-up of environmental contamination. 
Although the Company believes it has appropriately recorded current and long-term liabilities for known and 
reasonably estimable future environmental costs, it could incur significant costs that exceed reserves or 
require unanticipated cash expenditures as a result of any of the foregoing. The Company also may be 
required to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate known, unknown or future environmental 
contamination. 

The Company relies on the security, stability and availability of its technology systems to operate 
its business. 

The Company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business. The performance and 
reliability of the Company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and 
effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology 
systems,  or  other  significant  disruption  or  failure,  could  result  in  a  service  interruption,  train  accident, 
misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach or other operational difficulties. 
Such an event could result in decreased revenues and increased capital, insurance or operating costs, 
including increased security costs to protect the Company's infrastructure. Insurance maintained by the 
Company to protect against loss of business and other related consequences resulting from cyber incidents 
may  not  be  sufficient to  cover  all  damages.  A  disruption  or  compromise  of the  Company's  information 
technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect. 

Disruption of the supply chain could negatively affect operating efficiency and increase costs. 

The  capital  intensive  nature  and  sophistication  of  core  rail  equipment  (including  rolling  stock 
equipment, locomotives, rail, and ties) limits the number of railroad equipment suppliers. If any of the current 
manufacturers stops production or experiences a supply shortage, CSXT could experience a significant 
cost increase or material shortage. In addition, a few critical railroad suppliers are foreign and, as such, 
adverse developments in international relations, new trade regulations, disruptions in international shipping 
or increases in global demand could make procurement of these supplies more difficult or increase CSXT's 
operating costs. Additionally, if a fuel supply shortage were to arise, the Company would be negatively 
impacted. 

The Company faces competition from other transportation providers. 

The Company experiences competition in pricing, service, reliability and other factors from various 
transportation providers including railroads and motor carriers that operate similar routes across its service 
area and, to a less significant extent, barges, ships and pipelines. Other transportation providers generally 
use  public  rights-of-way  that  are  built  and maintained by governmental entities,  while CSXT and other 
railroads must build and maintain rail networks largely using internal resources. Any future improvements 
or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation 
such as through the use of automation, autonomy or electrification, or legislation providing for less stringent 
size or weight restrictions on trucks, could negatively impact the Company's competitive position. Additionally, 
any future consolidation in the rail industry could materially affect the regulatory and competitive environment 
in which the Company operates. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.11 

 

 

 

 
 

 

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

 
Future acts of terrorism, war or regulatory changes to combat the risk of terrorism may cause 
significant disruptions in the Company's operations. 

Terrorist attacks, along with any government response to those attacks, may adversely affect the 
Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. CSXT's rail lines, other key infrastructure 
and information technology systems may be targets or indirect casualties of acts of terror or war. This risk 
could cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased 
revenues. In addition, premiums charged for some or all of the insurance coverage currently maintained 
by the Company could increase dramatically, or the coverage may no longer be available. 

Furthermore, in response to the heightened risk of terrorism, federal, state and local governmental 
bodies are proposing and, in some cases, have adopted legislation and regulations relating to security 
issues that impact the transportation industry.  For example, the Department of Homeland Security adopted 
regulations  that  require  freight  railroads  to  implement  additional  security  protocols  when  transporting 
hazardous materials.  Complying with these or future regulations could continue to increase the Company's 
operating costs and reduce operating efficiencies. 

Severe weather or other natural occurrences could result in significant business interruptions and 
expenditures in excess of available insurance coverage. 

The Company's operations may be affected by external factors such as severe weather and other 
natural occurrences, including floods, fires, hurricanes and earthquakes. As a result, the Company's rail 
network may be damaged, its workforce may be unavailable, fuel costs may rise and significant business 
interruptions  could  occur.  In  addition,  the  performance  of  locomotives  and  railcars  could  be  adversely 
affected by extreme weather conditions. Insurance maintained by the Company to protect against loss of 
business and other related consequences resulting from these natural occurrences is subject to coverage 
limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of 
the Company's damages or damages to others, and this insurance may not continue to be available at 
commercially  reasonable rates.  Even  with insurance,  if  any  natural  occurrence  leads to a  catastrophic 
interruption of service, the Company may not be able to restore service without a significant interruption in 
operations. 

The Company may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant 
expenditures. 

As part of its railroad and other operations, the Company is subject to various claims and lawsuits 
related to disputes over commercial practices, labor and unemployment matters, occupational and personal 
injury claims, property damage, environmental and other matters.  The Company may experience material 
judgments or incur significant costs to defend existing and future lawsuits. Although the Company maintains 
insurance to cover some of these types of claims and establishes reserves when appropriate, final amounts 
determined to be due on any outstanding matters may exceed the Company's insurance coverage or differ 
materially  from  the  recorded  reserves.  Additionally,  the  Company  could  be  impacted  by  adverse 
developments not currently reflected in the Company's reserve estimates. 

 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.12 

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

The unavailability of critical resources could adversely affect the Company’s operational efficiency 
and ability to meet demand. 

Marketplace conditions for resources like locomotives as well as the availability of qualified personnel, 
particularly engineers and conductors, could each have a negative impact on the Company’s ability to meet 
demand for rail service. Although the Company believes that it has adequate personnel for the current 
business environment, unpredictable increases in demand for rail services or extreme weather conditions 
may exacerbate such risks, which could have a negative impact on the Company’s operational efficiency
and otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, 
or liquidity in a particular period. 

Weaknesses in the capital and credit markets could negatively impact the Company’s access to 
capital. 

Due to the significant capital expenditures required to operate and maintain a safe and efficient 
railroad, the Company regularly relies on capital markets for the issuance of long-term debt instruments as 
well as on bank financing from time to time. Instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including credit 
markets, or the deterioration of the Company’s financial condition due to internal or external factors, could 
restrict or prohibit access and could increase the cost of financing sources. A significant deterioration of 
the Company’s financial condition could also reduce credit ratings and could limit or affect its access to 
external sources of capital and increase the costs of short and long-term debt financing. 

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.13 

Item 2.  Properties

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

The Company’s properties primarily consist of track and its related infrastructure, locomotives and 

freight cars and equipment. These categories and the geography of the network are described below.

Track and Infrastructure

Serving 23 states, the District of Columbia, and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec, the 
CSXT rail network serves, among other markets, New York, Philadelphia and Boston in the Northeast and 
Mid-Atlantic, the southeast markets of Atlanta, Miami and New Orleans, and the midwestern cities of St. 
Louis, Memphis and Chicago.

CSXT’s track structure includes mainline track, connecting terminals and yards, track within terminals 
and switching yards, sidings used for passing trains, track connecting CSXT's track to customer locations 
and track that diverts trains from one track to another known as turnouts. Total track miles, which reflect the 
size of CSXT’s network that connects markets, customers and western railroads, are greater than CSXT’s 
approximately 21,000 route miles. At December 2017, the breakdown of track miles was as follows:
Track
Miles

Mainline track
Terminals and switching yards
Passing sidings and turnouts

Total

26,500
9,348
920
36,768

In addition to its physical track structure, the Company operates numerous yards and terminals for 
rail  and  intermodal  service. These  serve  as  points  of  connectivity  between  the  Company  and  its  local 
customers  and  as  sorting  facilities  where  railcars  and  intermodal  containers  are  received,  classed  for 
destination and placed onto outbound trains, or arrive and are delivered to the customer. In 2017, CSX 
converted a number of hump yards to flat switching operations which allows for less intermediate processing 
and the opportunity to improve transit time. The Company’s largest yards and terminals based on 2017 
volume (number of railcars or intermodal containers processed) are listed below.

Yards and Terminals

Chicago, IL - Bedford Park Intermodal Terminal
North Baltimore, OH - Northwest Ohio Intermodal Terminal
Waycross, GA
Cincinnati, OH
Selkirk, NY
Avon, IN (Indianapolis)
Willard, OH
Nashville, TN
Louisville, KY
Hamlet, NC

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.14

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

Network Geography

CSXT’s operations are primarily focused on four major transportation networks and corridors which 

are defined geographically and by commodity flows below.

to  support  high-speed  service  across 

Interstate 90 (I-90) Corridor – This CSXT corridor links Chicago and the Midwest to metropolitan areas in 
New York and New England. This route, also known as the “waterlevel route,” has minimal hills and grades 
and nearly all of it has two main tracks (referred to as double track). These engineering attributes permit 
the  corridor 
intermodal,  automotive  and  merchandise 
commodities. This corridor is a primary route for import traffic coming from the far east through western 
ports  moving  eastward  across  the  country,  through  Chicago  and  into  the  population  centers  in  the 
Northeast. The I-90 Corridor is also a critical link between ports in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania 
and consumption markets in the Midwest. This route carries goods from all three of the Company’s major 
markets – merchandise, coal and intermodal.

Interstate 95 (I-95) Corridor – The CSXT I-95 Corridor connects Charleston, Jacksonville, Miami and many 
other cities throughout the Southeast with the heavily populated mid-Atlantic and northeastern cities of 
Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York. CSXT primarily transports food and consumer products, as well as 
metals and chemicals along this line. It is the leading rail corridor along the eastern seaboard south of the 
District of Columbia, and provides access to major eastern ports.

Southeastern Corridor – This critical part of the network runs between CSXT’s western gateways of Chicago, 
St.  Louis  and  Memphis  through  the  cities  of  Nashville,  Birmingham,  and Atlanta  and  markets  in  the 
Southeast. The Southeastern Corridor is the premier rail route connecting these key cities, gateways, and 
markets and positions CSXT to efficiently handle projected traffic volumes of intermodal, automotive and 
general merchandise traffic. The corridor also provides direct rail service between the coal reserves of the 
southern Illinois basin and the demand for coal in the Southeast. 

Coal Network – The CSXT coal network connects the coal mining operations in the Appalachian mountain 
region and Illinois basin with industrial areas in the Southeast, Northeast and Mid-Atlantic, as well as many 
river, lake, and deep water port facilities. The domestic coal market has declined significantly over the past 
several years and export coal remains subject to a high degree of volatility. CSXT’s coal network remains 
well positioned to supply utility markets in both the Northeast and Southeast and to transport coal shipments 
for export outside of the U.S. Roughly one-third of the tons of export coal and the majority of the domestic 
coal that the Company transports is used for generating electricity.

See the following page for a map of the CSX Rail Network. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.15

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

CSX Rail Network

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.16

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

Locomotives

At December 2017, CSXT owned more than 4,000 locomotives. From time to time, the Company 
also short-term leases locomotives based on business needs. Freight locomotives are used primarily to pull 
trains while switching locomotives are used in yards. Auxiliary units are typically used to provide extra traction 
for heavy trains in hilly terrain. At December 2017, CSXT’s fleet of owned locomotives consisted of the 
following types:

Freight
Switching
Auxiliary Units

Total

Locomotives

%

Average Age

(years)

3,659
299
208
4,166

88%
7%
5%
100%

20
37
24
20

Equipment

At  any  time,  over  half  of  the  railcars  on  the  CSXT  system  are  not  owned  or  leased  by  the 
Company. Examples of these include railcars owned by other railroads (which are utilized by CSXT), shipper-
furnished or private cars (which are generally used only in that shipper’s service), multi-level railcars used 
to transport automobiles (which are shared between railroads) and doublestack railcars, or well cars (which 
are industry pooled), that allow for two intermodal containers to be loaded one above the other.

At  December  2017,  the  Company’s  owned  and  long-term  leased  equipment  consisted  of  the 

following:
Equipment
Gondolas
Multi-level flat cars
Open-top hoppers
Covered hoppers
Box cars
Flat cars
Other cars
Subtotal freight cars
Containers
Total equipment

Number of Units
21,209
11,686
10,298
9,623
6,374
624
337
60,151
18,088
78,239

%

35%
19%
17%
16%
11%
1%
—%
100%

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.17

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

The Company’s revenue-generating equipment, either owned or long-term leased, consists of 

freight cars and containers as described below.

Gondolas  –  Support  CSXT’s  metals  markets  and  provide  transport  for  woodchips  and  other  bulk 
commodities.  Some gondolas are equipped with special hoods for protecting products like coil and sheet 
steel.

Multi-level flat cars – Transport finished automobiles and are differentiated by the number of levels: bi-
levels for large vehicles such as pickup trucks and SUVs and tri-levels for sedans and smaller automobiles.

Open-top hoppers – Transport heavy dry bulk commodities such as coal, coke, stone, sand, ores and 
gravel that are resistant to weather conditions.

Covered hoppers – Have a permanent roof and are segregated based upon commodity density.  Lighter 
bulk commodities such as grain, fertilizer, flour, salt, sugar, clay and lime are shipped in large cars called 
jumbo covered hoppers.  Heavier commodities like cement, ground limestone and industrial sand are 
shipped in small cube covered hoppers.

Box cars – Include a variety of tonnages, sizes, door configurations and heights to accommodate a wide 
range of finished products, including paper, auto parts, appliances and building materials.  Insulated box 
cars deliver food products, canned goods, beer and wine.

Flat cars – Used for shipping intermodal containers and trailers or bulk and finished goods, such as 
lumber, pipe, plywood, drywall and pulpwood.

Other cars  – Primarily leased refrigerator cars and slab steel cars.

Containers – Weather-proof boxes used for bulk shipment of freight.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

For further details, please refer to Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies of this annual report 

on Form 10-K.
Environmental Proceedings That Could Result in Fines Above $100,000

In connection with a CSXT train derailment in Mount Carbon, West Virginia in February 2015, the 
Company has entered into discussions with the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency concerning a regulatory penalty related to a release of product into the environment. 
Although final resolution of this matter is subject to further discussions and potential litigation, the Company 
does not believe that the outcome will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of 
operations or liquidity.

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosure

Not Applicable

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.18

Executive Officers of the Registrant

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

Executive officers of the Company are elected by the CSX Board of Directors and generally hold 
office until the next annual election of officers. There are no family relationships or any arrangement or 
understanding between any officer and any other person pursuant to which such officer was elected. As of 
the date of this filing, the executive officers’ names, ages and business experience are:

 Name and Age

 Business Experience During Past Five Years

James M. Foote, 64
President and Chief Executive 
Officer 

Foote has served as President and Chief Executive Office since December 2017. 
He joined CSX in October 2017 as Chief Operating Officer, with responsibility for 
both operations and sales and marketing. 

Mr. Foote has more than 40 years of railroad industry experience. Most recently, 
he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bright Rail Energy. Before heading 
Bright Rail, he was Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing with Canadian 
National Railway Company. At Canadian National, Mr. Foote also served as Vice 
President  –  Investor  Relations  and  Vice  President  Sales  and  Marketing  – 
Merchandise.

Frank A. Lonegro, 49
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer

Lonegro has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of 
CSX since September 2015. In this capacity, he directs all financial aspects of 
the company’s business, including financial and economic analysis, accounting, 
tax, treasury and purchasing activities.

In his 17 years with CSX, Mr. Lonegro has also served as Vice President Internal 
Audit,  President  of  CSX  Technology,  Vice  President  Mechanical  and  Vice 
President Service Design. Additionally, he led development and implementation 
of Positive Train Control, an advanced train control system, to further enhance 
the Company’s safety performance.

Edmond L. Harris, 68
Executive Vice President of 
Operations

Harris has served as CSX's Executive Vice President of Operations since January 
2018. In this role, he is responsible for mechanical, engineering, transportation 
and network operations.

Mr. Harris has more than 40 years of railroad industry experience. Most recently, 
Mr.  Harris  served  as  a  senior  advisor  to  Global  Infrastructure  Partners,  an 
independent fund that invests in infrastructure assets worldwide; Chairman of 
Omnitrax  Rail  Network;  and  Board  Director  for  Universal  Rail  Services.  His 
previous experience also includes having served as Chief Operations Officer at 
Canadian Pacific, and subsequently, a member of the Board. He also served as 
Executive Vice President of Operations at Canadian National.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.19

CSX CORPORATION

PART I

 Name and Age

 Business Experience During Past Five Years

Nathan D. Goldman, 60
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Legal Officer, Corporate 
Secretary

Goldman has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, and 
Corporate  Secretary  of  CSX  since  October  2017.  In  this  role  he  directs  the 
company’s legal affairs, government relations, risk management, public safety, 
environmental, and audit functions.

Mark K. Wallace, 48
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Administrative Officer

During his nearly 15 years with the Company, Mr. Goldman has previously served 
as Vice President of Risk Compliance and General Counsel and has overseen 
work in compliance, risk management and safety programs. 

Wallace has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
since January 2018, after having joined the Company in March 2017 as Executive 
Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief of Staff to the CEO. In his current 
role, Mr. Wallace is responsible for human resources, labor relations, information 
technology, corporate communications, investor relations and the real estate and 
facilities functions.

Prior  to  joining  CSX,  he  served  as  the  Vice  President  of  Corporate Affairs  at 
Canadian  Pacific  Railway  Limited  with  responsibility 
the  corporate 
communications and public affairs, investor relations, facilities and real estate 
functions. Prior to his time at Canadian Pacific, Mr. Wallace spent more than 15 
years in various senior management positions with Canadian National Railway 
Company. 

for 

Andrew L. Glassman, 48
Vice President and Controller

Glassman has served as Vice President and Controller of CSX since May 2017. 
He is responsible for financial and regulatory reporting, tax, freight billing and 
collections, payroll, accounts payable and various other accounting processes.

During his 14-year tenure with the Company, Mr. Glassman previously served as 
Vice President of Strategic Planning, Vice President of Commercial Finance, Vice 
President  of  Operations  Finance,  Assistant  Vice  President  of  Intermodal 
Marketing and Assistant Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.20

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
of Equity Securities

Market Information

CSX’s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, which is its principal trading 
market, and is traded over-the-counter and on exchanges nationwide. The official trading symbol is “CSX.” 

Description of Common and Preferred Stock

A total of 1.8 billion shares of common stock are authorized, of which 889,851,090 shares were 
outstanding as of December 31, 2017. Each share is entitled to one vote in all matters requiring a vote of 
shareholders.  There are no pre-emptive rights, which are privileges extended to select shareholders that 
would allow them to purchase additional shares before other members of the general public in the event of 
an offering. At January 31, 2018, the latest practicable date that is closest to the filing date, there were 
27,624 common stock shareholders of record. The weighted average of common shares outstanding, which 
was used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, was 914 million as of December 31, 2017. (See 
Note 2, Earnings Per Share.) A total of 25 million shares of preferred stock is authorized, none of which is 
currently outstanding.  

The following table sets forth, for the quarters indicated, the dividends declared and the high and 

low share prices of CSX common stock.  

2017

2016

Dividends
Common Stock Price

High
Low

Dividends
Common Stock Price

High
Low

Quarter

1st

2nd

3rd

4th

Year

$

$
$

$

$
$

0.18 $

0.20 $

0.20 $

0.20 $

0.78

50.31 $
35.59 $

55.06 $
46.04 $

55.48 $
47.99 $

58.35 $
48.26 $

58.35
35.59

0.18 $

0.18 $

0.18 $

0.18 $

0.72

27.27 $
21.33 $

27.97 $
24.36 $

30.11 $
24.43 $

37.42 $
29.39 $

37.42
21.33

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.21

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Stock Performance Graph

The  cumulative  shareholder  returns,  assuming  reinvestment  of  dividends,  on  $100  invested  at 
December 31, 2012 are illustrated on the graph below. The Company references the Standard & Poor's 
500 Stock Index (“S&P 500 ®”), and the Dow Jones U.S. Transportation Average Index, which provide 
comparisons to a broad-based market index and other companies in the transportation industry.  

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.22

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

CSX Purchases of Equity Securities

CSX purchases its own shares for two primary reasons: (1) to further its goals under its share 
repurchase program and (2) to fund the Company’s contribution required to be paid in CSX common stock 
under a 401(k) plan that covers certain union employees.

Share repurchases under the $2 billion program announced in April 2015 were completed in April 
2017. The Company subsequently announced a $1 billion share repurchase program in April 2017, with 
additional authority of $500 million added in July 2017. Repurchases under that program were completed 
on October 2, 2017, and the Company announced a new $1.5 billion share repurchase program on October 
25, 2017.

During 2017, 2016, and 2015, CSX repurchased the following shares:

Shares Repurchased (Units in Millions)
Cost of Shares (Dollars in Millions)

2017

39

Fiscal Years

2016

38

$

1,970 $

1,056 $

2015

26
804

Management's assessment of market conditions and other factors guide the timing and volume of 
repurchases. Future share repurchases are expected to be funded by cash on hand, cash generated from 
operations and debt issuances. Shares are retired immediately upon repurchase. In accordance with the 
Equity Topic in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"), the excess of repurchase price over par 
value is recorded in retained earnings. Generally, retained earnings are only otherwise impacted by net 
earnings and dividends. 

Share  repurchase  activity  of  $207  million  for  the  fourth  quarter  2017  was  as  follows:

CSX Purchases of Equity Securities for the Quarter

Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased

Average
Price
Paid per
Share

Shares 

Total Number of 
Purchased as 
Part of Publicly 
Announced 
Plans or 
Programs(a)

Approximate
Dollar Value of
Shares that May
Yet Be Purchased
Under the Plans

Fourth Quarter
Beginning Balance
7,696,097
1,500,000,000
October 1 - October 31, 2017
1,421,712,580
November 1 - November 30, 2017
1,299,953,624
December 1 - December 31, 2017
Ending Balance
1,299,953,624
(a) The difference of 94,859 shares between the "Total Number of Shares Purchased" and the "Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of
Publicly Announced Plans or Programs" for the quarter represents shares purchased to fund the Company's contribution to a 401(k) plan that
covers certain union employees.

165,307
1,560,559
2,261,847
3,987,713

142,982
1,560,559
2,189,313
3,892,854

53.59
50.17
55.64
53.41

or Programs

$

$

$

$

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.23

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Selected financial data related to the Company’s financial results for the last five fiscal years are 

listed below.

(Dollars and Shares in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
Financial Performance

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

2014

2013

Revenue
Expense
Operating Income
Adjusted Operating Income(a)

Net Earnings from Continuing Operations(b)
Adjusted Net Earnings from Continuing Operations(a)

Operating Ratio
Adjusted Operating Ratio(a)

Net Earnings Per Share:

From Continuing Operations, Basic(b)
From Continuing Operations, Assuming Dilution(b)
Adjusted From Continuing Operations, Assuming 
Dilution(a)

Average Common Shares Outstanding

Basic

  Assuming Dilution
Financial Position

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments
Total Assets
Long-term Debt
Shareholders' Equity
  Dividend Per Share
Additional Data

Capital Expenditures
Employees -- Annual Averages (estimated)
Employees -- Year-end Count (estimated)

$11,408
7,741
$ 3,667
$ 3,850
5,471
2,097
67.9%
66.3%

$11,069
7,680
$ 3,389
$ 3,389
1,714
1,714
69.4%
69.4%

$11,811
8,227
$ 3,584
$ 3,584
1,968
1,968
69.7%
69.7%

$12,669
9,056
$ 3,613
$ 3,613
1,927
1,927
71.5%
71.5%

$12,026
8,553
$ 3,473
$ 3,473
1,864
1,864
71.1%
71.1%

$ 6.01
5.99

$ 1.81
1.81

$ 2.00
2.00

$ 1.93
1.92

$ 1.83
1.83

2.30

911
914

$
419
35,739
11,790
14,721
$ 0.78

$ 2,040
25,230
24,006

1.81

947
948

$ 1,020
35,414
10,962
11,694
$ 0.72

$ 2,705
27,350
26,628

2.00

983
984

1.92

1.83

1,001
1,002

1,019
1,019

$ 1,438
34,745
10,515
11,668
$ 0.70

$ 2,562
31,285
29,410

$
961
32,747
9,349
11,176
$ 0.63

$ 2,449
31,511
32,287

$ 1,079
31,462
8,857
10,504
$ 0.59

$ 2,313
31,254
31,413

(a) CSX’s non-GAAP measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these non-
GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance
with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to corresponding GAAP measures are presented in Item 7. Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

(b) These results include a $3.6 billion, or $3.91 per share, net tax reform benefit. See further discussion in Note 11, Income Taxes.

Certain prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.24

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

TERMS USED BY CSX

When used in this report, unless otherwise indicated by the context, these terms are used to mean 

the following:

Car hire - A charge paid by one railroad for its use of cars belonging to another railroad or car owner.

Class I freight railroad - One of the largest line haul freight railroads as determined based on operating 
revenue; the exact revenue required to be in each class is periodically adjusted for inflation by the Surface 
Transportation Board. Smaller railroads are classified as Class II or Class III. 

Common carrier mandate - A federal mandate that requires U.S. railroads to accommodate reasonable 
requests from shippers to carry any freight, including hazardous materials.

Demurrage - A charge assessed by railroads for the use of rail cars by shippers or receivers of freight beyond 
a specified free time.

Department of Transportation ("DOT") - A U.S. Government agency with jurisdiction over matters of all 
modes of transportation.

Depreciation study - A periodic statistical analysis of fixed asset service lives, salvage values, accumulated 
depreciation, and other factors for group assets along with a comparison of similar asset groups at other 
companies conducted by a third-party specialist.

Double-stack - Stacking containers two-high on specially equipped cars. 

Drayage - The pickup or delivery of intermodal shipments by truck.

Federal Railroad Administration ("FRA") - The branch of the DOT that is responsible for developing and 
enforcing railroad safety regulations, including safety standards for rail infrastructure and equipment.

Free cash flow - The calculation of a non-GAAP measure by using net cash provided by operating activities 
and adjusting for property additions and certain other investing activities. Free cash flow is a measure of cash 
available for paying dividends, share repurchases and principal reduction on outstanding debt. 

Group-life method - A type of depreciation in which assets with similar useful lives and characteristics are 
aggregated into groups. Instead of calculating depreciation for individual assets, depreciation is calculated 
for each group.

Incidental revenue - Revenue for switching, demurrage, storage, etc.

Intermodal - A flexible way of transporting freight over water, highway and rail without being removed from 
the original transportation equipment, namely a container or trailer.

Mainline - The main track thoroughfare, exclusive of terminals, yards, sidings and turnouts.

Revenue adequacy - The achievement of a rate of return on investment at least equal to the cost of investment 
capital, as measured by the STB. 

Scheduled railroading - An operating model focused on developing and strictly maintaining a scheduled 
service plan with an emphasis on optimizing assets.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.25

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Shipper - A customer shipping freight via rail.

Siding - Track adjacent to the mainline used for passing trains. 

Staggers Act of 1980 - Congressional law which significantly deregulated the rail industry, replacing the 
regulatory  structure  in  existence  since  the  1887  Interstate  Commerce Act.  Where  previously  rates  were 
controlled by the Interstate Commerce Commission, the Staggers Act allowed railroads to establish their own 
rates for shipments, enhancing their ability to compete with other modes of transportation.

Surface Transportation Board ("STB") - An independent governmental adjudicatory body administratively 
housed within the DOT, responsible for the economic regulation of interstate surface transportation within the 
United States.

Switching - Putting cars in a specific order, placing cars for loading, retrieving empty cars or adding or removing 
cars from a train at an intermediate point.  
Terminal - A facility, typically owned by a railroad, for the handling of freight and for the breaking up, making 
up, forwarding and servicing of trains. 

TTX Company ("TTX") - A Company that provides its owner-railroads with standardized fleets of intermodal, 
automotive and general use railcars at time and mileage rates. CSX owns about 20 percent of TTX's common 
stock, and the remainder is owned by the other leading North American railroads and their affiliates.

Turnout - A track that diverts trains from one track to another. 

Yard - A system of tracks, other than main tracks and sidings, used for making up trains, storing cars and 
other purposes. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.26

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

2017 HIGHLIGHTS

• Revenue of $11.4 billion increased $339 million or three percent versus the prior year.

• Expenses of $7.7 billion increased $61 million or one percent year over year.

• Operating income of $3.7 billion increased $278 million or eight percent year over year.

• Operating ratio of 67.9 percent improved 150 basis points from 69.4 percent.

• Earnings per diluted share of $5.99 increased $4.18 or 231 percent year over year.

Tax Reform

With the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Act") on December 22, 2017, the federal 
corporate income tax rate was reduced from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018. The Company's 2017 
financial results included a $3.5 billion, or $3.81 per share, non-cash reduction in income tax expense, 
primarily resulting from revaluing the Company's net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the recently enacted 
lower tax rate effective January 1, 2018. Beginning in 2018, CSX expects its effective federal and state 
income tax rate to be approximately 25%. 

The  Company's  affiliates  also  revalued  their  deferred  tax  liabilities  to  reflect  the  lower  federal 
corporate tax rate, which resulted in the Company recognizing a benefit of $142 million, or $0.10 per share 
after-tax, in equity earnings of affiliates, which is included in operating income. (See additional discussion 
over income taxes in Note 11, Income Taxes and equity earnings of affiliates in Note 12, Related Parties 
and Affiliates.)

Restructuring Charge

The total restructuring charge of $325 million in 2017 includes costs related to the management 
workforce reduction, executive retirements, reimbursement arrangements, the proration of equity awards 
and other advisory costs related to the leadership transition during the year. The Company expects estimated 
pre-tax savings on both future earnings and cash flows resulting from this program to be approximately 
$200 million per year. (See additional discussion over the restructuring charge in Note 1, Nature of Operations 
and Significant Accounting Policies.)

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.27

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2017 vs. 2016 Results of Operations (a)

(Dollars in Millions)
Revenue
Expense

Labor and Fringe
Materials, Supplies and Other
Depreciation
Fuel
Equipment and Other Rents
Restructuring Charge
Equity Earnings of Affiliates

Total Expense

Operating Income
Interest Expense
Debt Repurchase Expense
Other Income - Net
Income Tax Benefit (Expense)
Net Earnings
Earnings Per Diluted Share:

Net Earnings
Operating Ratio

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

$ 

Change

% 

Change

$ 11,408

$

11,069

$

339

3%

2,914
2,113
1,315
864
429
325
(219)
7,741
3,667
(546)
—
21
2,329
5,471

5.99
67.9%

$

$

3,159
2,092
1,301
713
465
—
(50)
7,680
3,389
(579)
(115)
46
(1,027)
1,714

1.81
69.4%

245
(21)
(14)
(151)
36
(325)
169
(61)
278
33
115
(25)
3,356
$ 3,757

$

4.18

$

$

8
(1)
(1)
(21)
8
—
338
(1)
8
6
(100)
(54)
327
219

231%
150

bps

(a) Prior to third quarter 2017, CSX followed a 52/53 week fiscal reporting calendar and 2016 included 53 weeks. All 2016 information
presented in Results of Operations is on a 53-week basis, under GAAP.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.28

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

2017 vs. 2016 Results of Operations, continued

Volume and Revenue (Unaudited) (a)

Volume (Thousands of units); Revenue (Dollars in Millions); Revenue Per Unit (Dollars)

Volume

Revenue

%

Change

2017

2016

%

Change

Revenue Per Unit
%

2017

2016

Change

2017

2016

Chemicals 
Automotive
Agricultural and Food 
Products
Minerals 
Fertilizers 
Forest Products
Metals and Equipment
Total Merchandise
Coal
Intermodal
Other
Total

672
457

454
308
291
264
256
2,702
855
2,843
—
6,400

700
482

477
310
300
274
259
2,802
838
2,811
—
6,451

(4)% $ 2,210 $ 2,191
(5)%
1,261

1,195

1 % $3,289 $3,130
(5)% 2,615
2,616

1,286
(5)%
464
(1)%
463
(3)%
773
(4)%
704
(1)%
7,142
(4)%
1,833
2 %
1,726
1 %
— %
368
(1)% $ 11,408 $ 11,069

1,262
477
466
755
703
7,068
2,107
1,799
434

(2)% 2,780
2,696
3 % 1,549
1,497
1 % 1,601
1,543
(2)% 2,860
2,821
— % 2,746
2,718
(1)% 2,616
2,549
15 % 2,464
2,187
633
614
4 %
—
18 %
—
3 % $1,783 $1,716

5%
—%

3%
3%
4%
1%
1%
3%
13%
3%
—%
4%

(a) Prior to third quarter 2017, CSX followed a 52/53 week fiscal reporting calendar and 2016 included 53 weeks. All 2016 information
presented in Results of Operations is on a 53-week basis, under GAAP.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.29

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Revenue

In 2017, revenue increased $339 million when compared to the previous year, primarily due to gains 
in export coal, price increases across nearly all other markets and fuel recovery, partially offset by the $178 
million impact of an extra fiscal week in 2016 and lower merchandise volumes. Revenue per unit increased 
over prior year as pricing gains and higher fuel recoveries were partially offset by unfavorable mix.

Merchandise

Chemicals - Volume declined, primarily due to sustained challenges in the Eastern crude-by-rail 
market. This decline offset an increase in shipments of frac sand and petroleum gases due to growth 
in drilling activity. 

Automotive - Volume declined as North American vehicle production fell.

Agricultural and Food Products - Volume declined due to challenges in the export market as well as 
a large southeastern grain crop leading to local truck sourcing to feed mills. 

Minerals - Volume slightly declined as short-term competitive losses were mostly offset by growth 
in construction project activity.

Fertilizers - Volume declined, primarily driven by the closure of a customer facility as well as Hurricane 
Irma’s impact on Central Florida phosphate operations.

Forest Products - Volume declined as the decrease in shipments of paper products as a result of 
mill closures and truck competition was partially offset by strong pulp board volumes driven by e-
commerce demand.

Metals and Equipment - Volume slightly declined as a nonrecurring 2016 benefit from large pipe 
projects was partially offset by increases in equipment moves.

Coal

Domestic - Utility coal volume declined 12 percent as the competitive loss of short-haul interchange 
traffic more than offset underlying growth at other utilities. Coke, Iron Ore and Other volume declined 
13 percent, primarily in iron ore shipments, as a large customer temporarily halted its production.

Export - Volume increased 42 percent as global supply levels and pricing conditions supported strong 
growth in U.S. coal exports.

Intermodal

Domestic - Volume declined 2 percent as rationalization of low-density lanes and competitive losses 
more than offset growth with existing customers.

International - Volume was up 7 percent driven by competitive gains and strong performance with 
existing customers as eastern port volumes increased.

Other 

Other revenue increased $66 million versus prior year primarily due to a $58 million settlement in 
2017 related to a customer that did not meet historical volume commitments and higher incidental charges.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.30

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Expense

In 2017, total expenses increased $61 million, or one percent, compared to prior year. Descriptions 

of each expense category as well as significant year-over-year changes are described below. 

Labor and Fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, 
pension,  other  post-retirement  benefits  and  incentive  compensation. These  expenses  decreased  $245 
million due to the following items:

Efficiency and volume savings of $274 million were driven primarily by reductions in overall
headcount and other effects of implementing scheduled railroading as well as the impacts
of the 2017 restructuring initiative, slightly offset by higher volume-related costs.
Pension  costs  decreased  $66  million  primarily  due  to  adoption  in  2017  of  the  spot  rate
approach  for  measuring  service  and  interest  costs,  prior  year  contributions  and  other
favorable plan experience.
The extra fiscal week in 2016 resulted in $51 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
Inflation resulted in $152 million of additional cost driven by increased health and welfare
costs and wage increases.
Various other costs decreased $6 million.

Materials, Supplies and Other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure 
and equipment, terminal and coal pier services and professional services. This category also includes costs 
related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales 
tax, utilities and other items. Total materials, supplies and other expenses increased $21 million driven by 
the following:

Real estate gains were $14 million in 2017 compared to $115 million in 2016 related to the
sale of an operating property and other related income. (See additional discussion of real
estate gains in the Equity Earnings of Affiliates section below.)
Inflation resulted in $37 million of additional cost.
Asset impairments of $25 million resulted from the discontinuation of certain in-progress
projects as a result of transition to scheduled railroading.
Relocation costs increased $19 million, which includes the impact of the Company’s initiative
to consolidate dispatchers.
Additional expense of $13 million resulted from train accidents during the year.
Efficiency and volume savings of $152 million are primarily related to lower maintenance
costs from the reduction in the active locomotive fleet, lower operating support costs and a
reduction in contingent workers.
Favorable judgments resulted in compensation to CSX for previously condemned properties,
reflecting gains of $73 million.
The extra week in 2016 resulted in $18 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
Other costs increased $69 million due to various non-significant items.

•

•

•
•

•

•

•
•

•

•
•

•

•
•

Depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of a capital asset, such as locomotives, 
railcars and track structure, over its useful life. This expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures 
made each year. Depreciation expense increased $14 million due to a larger asset base, partially offset by 
$25 million of additional costs in 2016 from the extra week compared to 2017. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.31

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Fuel expense includes locomotive diesel fuel as well as non-locomotive fuel. This expense is largely driven 
by the market price and locomotive consumption of diesel fuel. Fuel expense increased $151 million driven 
by the following:

A 24 percent increase in the average fuel price per gallon, from $1.48 to $1.84 per gallon
versus the prior year, drove $154 million in increased fuel expense.
The extra week in 2016 resulted in $15 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
Other costs increased $12 million primarily due to increased fuel expense for non-locomotive
fuel, partially offset by efficiency and volume savings.

Equipment  and  Other  expenses  include  rent  paid  for  freight  cars  owned  by  other  railroads  or  private 
companies, net of rents received by CSXT for use of its equipment. This category of expenses also includes 
lease expenses for locomotives, railcars, containers and trailers, offices and other rentals. These expenses 
decreased $36 million driven by the following:

The extra week in 2016 resulted in $7 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
Other costs decreased $29 million primarily due to the reclassification of rental income from
other non-operating to operating income in 2017, partially offset by inflation.

Restructuring Charge of $325 million includes costs related to restructuring activities in 2017, including the 
management workforce reduction, executive retirements, reimbursement arrangements, the proration of 
equity awards and other advisory costs related to the leadership transition.

Equity Earnings of Affiliates includes earnings from operating equity method investments. Equity earnings 
of affiliates increased $169 million primarily due to the following:

Tax reform resulted in a $142 million increase in earnings (primarily related to TTX and
Conrail).
Real estate gains of $16 million were recognized on the sale of a property owned by one of
the Company's equity affiliates.
Other increases were primarily due to increased equity earnings from affiliates, primarily TTX
as a result of higher rental volumes and decreased costs.

•

•
•

•
•

•

•

•

Interest Expense includes interest on long-term debt, equipment obligations and capital leases. Interest 
expense decreased $33 million to $546 million due to lower average interest rates and $11 million of additional 
expense in 2016 related to the extra week, partially offset by higher average debt balances.

Debt Repurchase Expense includes costs associated with the extinguishment of debt.  These costs 
decreased $115 million due to the repurchase of notes in 2016 that did not repeat in the current year.

Other Income (Expense) - net includes investment gains and losses, certain non-operating equity earnings 
or losses and other non-operating activities. Other income decreased $25 million to $21 million primarily 
due to the reclassification of real estate activities from other non-operating to operating income in 2017.

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) decreased $3.4 billion from an expense of $1.0 billion in 2016 to a benefit 
of $2.3 billion in 2017 primarily due to a $3.5 billion non-cash reduction in income tax mostly resulting from 
the revaluation of the Company's net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the recently enacted 21 percent federal 
corporate  tax  rate. This  reduction  was  partially  offset  by  additional  income  tax  expense  resulting  from 
increased earnings before income taxes.

Net Earnings increased $3.8 billion to $5.5 billion, and earnings per diluted share increased $4.18 to $5.99, 
due to the factors mentioned above, including the significant impact of tax reform. Lower average shares 
outstanding resulting from higher share repurchase activity had a positive impact on earnings per diluted 
share.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.32

2016 vs. 2015 Results of Operations(a) 

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

(Dollars in Millions)
Revenue
Expense

Labor and Fringe
Materials, Supplies and Other
Depreciation
Fuel
Equipment and Other Rents
Equity Earnings of Affiliates

Total Expense

Operating Income
Interest Expense
Debt Repurchase Expense
Other Income - Net
Income Tax Expense
Net Earnings
Earnings Per Diluted Share:

Net Earnings
Operating Ratio

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

$ 

Change

% 

Change

$

11,069

$

11,811

$

(742)

(6)%

3,159
2,092
1,301
713
465
(50)
7,680
3,389
(579)
(115)
46
(1,027)
1,714

1.81
69.4%

$

$

$

$

3,290
2,356
1,208
957
456
(40)
8,227
3,584
(544)
—
98
(1,170)
1,968

2.00
69.7%

$

$

131
264
(93)
244
(9)
10
547
(195)
(35)
(115)
(52)
143
(254)

4
11
(8)
25
(2)
25
7
(5)
(6)
—
(53)
12
(13)

(0.19)

(10)%

30 bps

(a) Prior to third quarter 2017, CSX followed a 52/53 week fiscal reporting calendar. Fiscal year 2016 included 53 weeks and fiscal
year 2015 included 52 weeks. All 2016 information presented in Results of Operations is on a 53-week basis, under GAAP.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.33

2016 vs. 2015 Results of Operations, continued

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Volume (Thousands of units); Revenue (Dollars in Millions); Revenue Per Unit (Dollars)

Volume and Revenue (Unaudited)(a) 

Volume

2015
726
450

503
306
301
290
284
2,860
1,063
2,838
—
6,761

2016
700
482

477
310
300
274
259
2,802
838
2,811
—
6,451

Chemicals 
Automotive
Agricultural and Food 
Products
Minerals 
Fertilizers 
Forest Products
Metals and Equipment 
Total Merchandise
Coal
Intermodal
Other
Total

%

Change

2016
(4)% 2,191
1,261
7

Revenue

2015
2,284
1,175

%

Change

2016
(4)% 3,130
2,616
7

Revenue Per Unit
%

2015
3,146
2,611

Change
(1)%
— %

1,345
(5)
459
1
489
—
796
(6)
723
(9)
7,271
(2)
2,300
(21)
1,762
(1)
—
478
(5)% $11,069 $ 11,811

1,286
464
463
773
704
7,142
1,833
1,726
368

2,696
1,497
1,543
2,821
2,718
2,549
2,187
614
—

2,674
(4)
1,500
1
1,625
(5)
2,745
(3)
2,546
(3)
2,542
(2)
2,164
(20)
621
(2)
(23)
—
(6)% $1,716 $1,747

1 %
— %
(5)%
3 %
7 %
— %
1 %
(1)%
— %
(2)%

(a) Prior to third quarter 2017, CSX followed a 52/53 week fiscal reporting calendar. Fiscal year 2016 included 53 weeks and fiscal
year 2015 included 52 weeks. All 2016 information presented in Results of Operations is on a 53-week basis, under GAAP.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.34

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Revenue

In 2016, revenue decreased $742 million, or six percent, due to a five percent decline in volume 
(including the $178 million positive impact of an extra week of volume) and a significant decline in fuel 
recoveries, partially offset by increased pricing.

Merchandise

Chemicals - Volume declined as energy market headwinds significantly reduced crude oil and frac 
sand shipments. This reduction was partially offset by the ramp up of a fly ash remediation project 
and a modest increase in core chemical markets.

Automotive - Volume increased as a result of strong North American light vehicle production and 
growth across several customers. Additionally, movement of trucks and SUVs continued to outpace 
passenger cars, consistent with customer buying patterns.

Agricultural and Food Products - Volume declined as the strong U.S. dollar continued to support 
import grain and a robust Southeastern crop spurred additional local truck sourcing, displacing grain 
shipments by rail.  Additionally, ethanol market dynamics shifted to favor the Gulf region for storage 
and export, precluding CSX from participation in shipments from Western origins to the Gulf.

Minerals - Volume was up slightly due to strong gains in aggregates (which include crushed stone, 
sand and gravel), particularly for highway and non-residential construction in southern markets.  The 
growth was partially offset by headwinds in salt and lime, reflecting mild winter weather and steel 
production challenges, respectively.

Fertilizers - Volume was flat as the strong U.S. dollar, which drove high levels of imported sulfur, 
displaced  rail  transport,  and  nitrogen  demand  fell  in  anticipation  of  further  commodity  price 
deterioration. This offset growth in phosphate rock, driven by operational efficiency that allowed for 
additional rail traffic conversion that would otherwise move by truck.

Forest Products - Volume declined as headwinds from electronic substitution and reduced paper 
products  demand  drove  industry  consolidation  that  reduced  rail  volume.  Further,  excess  truck 
capacity in 2016 captured some volume that traditionally moved by rail.

Metals and Equipment - Volume was down as the strong U.S. dollar allowed for continued high levels 
of  steel  imports,  which  led  to  reduced  domestic  steel  production,  mill  closures  and  the  loss  of 
associated rail moves.  These declines were partially offset by strength in the wind-energy and power 
generation markets.

Coal

Domestic - Volume declined 23 percent as mild winter weather in the beginning of the year and low 
natural gas prices reduced utility coal burn rates and resulted in inflated coal stockpiles. Further, the 
weak domestic integrated steel market drove volume decreases in coke.

Export - Volume was down 15 percent in both metallurgical and thermal coal as a result of the strong 
U.S.  dollar  and  global  oversupply  which  impacted  U.S.  competitiveness  in  the  world  market, 
particularly in the first half of the year.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.35

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Intermodal

Domestic - Volume increased 4 percent as secular growth and new service offerings were partially 
offset by excess truck capacity headwinds and a short-haul competitive loss.

International - Volume declined 9 percent as headwinds from competitive losses more than offset 
moderate growth across other customers. 

Other 

Other revenue decreased $110 million versus prior year primarily due to payments received in 2015 
from customers that did not meet volume commitments. Further decreases in incidental revenue as well as 
lower coal revenue from affiliates were partially offset by adjustments to revenue reserves.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.36

•

•
•

•

•
•

•

•

•

•

•
•
•
•

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Expense

In  2016,  total  expenses  decreased  $547  million,  or  seven  percent,  compared  to  prior  year. 
Descriptions of each expense category as well as significant year-over-year changes are described below. 
Year-over-year changes related to the extra week are estimated incremental expenses of $116 million 
incurred for the week of December 24 through December 30, 2016.

Labor and Fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, 
pension,  other  post-retirement  benefits  and  incentive  compensation. These  expenses  decreased  $131 
million due to the following items:

Efficiency savings of $249 million were driven by lower T&E and operating support costs as
a result of structural changes, reduced crew training and the Company's train length initiative
that began in the second quarter of 2015.
Volume-related costs were $116 million lower.
Incentive compensation was $111 million higher reflecting the expected award payouts on
existing plans.
Inflation resulted in $106 million of additional cost driven by increased health and welfare
costs.
The extra week resulted in $51 million of additional cost.
Restructuring costs decreased $37 million due to the 2015 workforce reduction initiatives
costs that nearly all occurred in 2015.
Various other costs increased $3 million.

Materials, Supplies and Other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure 
and equipment, terminal and coal pier services and professional services. This category also includes costs 
related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales 
tax, utilities and other items. Total materials, supplies and other expenses decreased $264 million driven 
by the following:

Real estate gains increased $98 million primarily related to a current year gain of $115 million
related to the sale of an operating property and other related income partially offset by a prior
year real estate gain.
Efficiency savings of $95 million were primarily related to lower operating support costs driven
by structural changes and broad cost containment.
Train accident and casualty costs were $70 million lower due to the continuing declines in
the severity of train accidents as well as injuries.
Inflation resulted in $34 million of additional costs.
The extra week resulted in $18 million of additional cost.
Volume-related costs were $11 million lower.
Various other costs decreased $42 million.

Depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of a capital asset, such as locomotives, 
railcars and track structure, over its useful life. This expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures 
made each year. Depreciation expense increased $93 million due to a larger asset base and the $25 million 
impact of the extra week in 2016.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.37

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

•

•

•
•
•

•

•
•
•
•

Fuel expense includes locomotive diesel fuel as well as non-locomotive fuel. This expense is largely driven 
by the market price and locomotive consumption of diesel fuel. Fuel expense decreased $244 million driven 
by the following:

Average fuel price per gallon decreased 18 percent, from $1.80 to $1.48 per gallon versus
the prior year, which reduced expenses by $137 million.
Efficiency savings of $60 million were primarily related to locomotive fuel reduction technology
and process improvement.
Volume-related costs were $58 million lower.
The extra week resulted in $15 million of additional cost.
Various other costs decreased $4 million.

Equipment  and  Other  expenses  include  rent  paid  for  freight  cars  owned  by  other  railroads  or  private 
companies, net of rents received by CSXT for use of its equipment. This category of expenses also includes 
lease expenses for locomotives, railcars, containers and trailers, offices and other rentals. These expenses 
increased $9 million driven by the following:

Inflation resulted in $18 million of additional cost primarily related to rates on automotive
freight cars.
Volume related costs were $14 million higher due primarily to growth in automotive volume.
The extra week resulted in $7 million of additional cost.
Efficiency savings of $23 million were due to improved car cycle times.
Net other costs decreased $7 million.

Equity Earnings of Affiliates increased $10 million primarily as a result of higher rental volumes and decreased 
costs at TTX.

Interest Expense increased $35 million to $579 million due to higher average debt balances in addition to 
$11 million of additional expense related to the extra week in 2016, partially offset by lower average interest 
rates. 

Debt Repurchase Expense increased to $115 million due to the repurchase of certain notes that were 
expected to mature in 2017, 2018 and 2019. 

Other Income (Expense) - net decreased $52 million to $46 million primarily due to a prior year $59 million 
gain on a sale of non-operating easements and reimbursement of environmental costs of $21 million related 
to this sale. This decrease was partially offset by other non-operating items, none of which were individually 
significant.

Income Tax Expense decreased $143 million to $1.0 billion primarily due to lower earnings.

Net Earnings decreased $254 million to $1.7 billion, and earnings per diluted share decreased $0.19 to 
$1.81 due to the factors mentioned above. Lower average shares outstanding resulting from higher share 
repurchase activity had a positive impact on earnings per diluted share.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.38

CSX CORPORATION 

PART II 

Non-GAAP Measures - Unaudited 

CSX reports its financial results in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting 
principles ("GAAP"). CSX also uses certain non-GAAP measures that fall within the meaning of Securities 
and Exchange Commission Regulation G and Regulation S-K Item 10(e), which may provide users of the 
financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results.  Non-GAAP measures 
do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by GAAP. Therefore, CSX’s non-GAAP measures 
are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these 
non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the 
financial  information  presented  in  accordance  with  GAAP.  Reconciliations  of  non-GAAP  measures  to 
corresponding GAAP measures are below. 

Adjusted Operating Results 

Management  believes  that  adjusted  operating  income,  adjusted  operating  ratio,  adjusted  net 
earnings and adjusted net earnings per share, assuming dilution are important in evaluating the Company’s
operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations and future profitability. 
These  non-GAAP  measures  provide  meaningful  supplemental  information  regarding  operating  results 
because they exclude certain significant items that are not considered indicative of future financial trends. 

The restructuring charge of $325 million was tax effected using rates reflective of the applicable tax 
amounts for each component of the charge. The $3.6 billion benefit to net earnings resulting from tax reform 
was comprised of a $3.5 billion (after-tax) reduction to income tax expense and a $142 million (pre-tax) 
benefit in operating income from equity earnings of affiliates, partially offset by $1 million (pre-tax) of additional 
expense from minority interests. 

For the Year ended December 31, 2017 

(in millions, except operating ratio and net 
earnings per share, assuming dilution) 

Operating 

Income 

Operating 

Ratio 

Net 

Earnings 

Net 

Earnings 
Per Share, 
Assuming 

Dilution 

GAAP Operating Results 
Restructuring Charge 
Tax Reform Benefit (net) 
Adjusted Operating Results (non-GAAP) 

$ 

$ 

3,667 
325 
(142) 
3,850 

67.9 %  $ 
(2.8)% 
1.2 %
66.3 %  $ 

5,471  $ 

203 
(3,577) 
2,097  $ 

5.99 
0.22 
(3.91) 
2.30 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.39 

CSX CORPORATION 

PART II 

Adjusted Free Cash Flow 

Free cash flow is considered a non-GAAP financial measure under SEC Regulation G and Regulation 
S-K Item 10(e). Management believes that free cash flow is useful to investors as it is important in evaluating
the Company’s financial performance. More specifically, free cash flow measures cash generated by the
business after reinvestment. This measure represents cash available for both equity and bond investors to
be used for dividends, share repurchases or principal reduction on outstanding debt. Free cash flow should
be considered in addition to, rather than a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities. Free cash
flow is calculated by using net cash from operations and adjusting for property additions and certain other
investing activities. Free cash flow before dividends increased $854 million year-over-year to $1.7 billion.
The increase in free cash flow from the prior year is primarily due to lower property additions of $358 million,
voluntary contributions to the Company's qualified pension plans of $250 million in 2016 and higher earnings
from operations. Adjusted free cash flow excludes the impact cash payments of $135 million for restructuring
charge.

The following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (GAAP measure) to free cash 

flow (non-GAAP measure). 

2017 

Fiscal Years 

2016 

2015 

(Dollars in Millions) 
3,370 
Net cash provided by operating activities 
Property additions 
(2,562) 
Other investing activities 
184 
992 
Free Cash Flow (before payment of dividends) 
Add back: Cash Payments for Restructuring Charge (after-tax) (a)
— 
992 
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Before Dividends (non-GAAP) 
(a) The restructuring charge impact to free cash flow was tax effected using the applicable tax rate of the charge. Through fourth quarter 2017, the
Company made cash payments of $187 million related to the restructuring charge. The Company also made $30 million in payments to the former
CEO, Michael J. Ward, and President, Clarence E. Gooden, for previously accrued non-qualified pension benefits that are not included in the
restructuring charge.

3,041  $ 
(2,398) 
204 
847  $ 
—  $ 
847  $ 

1,566  $ 
135  $ 
1,701  $ 

3,472  $ 
(2,040) 
134 

$ 
  $ 
$ 

$ 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.40 

Operating Statistics (Estimated)

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Safety
FRA Personal Injury Frequency Index
FRA Train Accident Rate

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

Improvement/ 
(Deterioration)

1.19
3.17

1.05
2.83

(13)%
(12)

Operations Performance
Train Velocity (Miles per hour)(a)
1
Dwell (Hours)(a)
1
On-Time Originations
(5)
On-Time Arrivals
2
(a) The methodology for calculating train velocity and dwell differ from that prescribed by the STB. CSX will continue to report train velocity and
dwell, using the prescribed methodology, to the STB on a weekly basis.

80%
56%

84%
55%

15.1
11.3

14.9
11.4

Certain operating statistics are estimated and can continue to be updated as actuals settle.

Key Performance Measures Definitions
FRA Personal Injury Frequency Index - Number of FRA-reportable injuries per 200,000 man-hours.
FRA Train Accident Rate - Number of FRA-reportable train accidents per million train-miles.
Train Velocity - Average train speed between origin and destination in miles per hour (does not include locals, yard jobs, work trains 
or passenger trains).
Dwell - Average amount of time in hours between car arrival to and departure from the yard. 
On-Time Originations - Percent of scheduled road trains that depart the origin yard on-time or ahead of schedule.
On-Time Arrivals - Percent of scheduled road trains that arrive at the destination yard on-time.

The Company measures and reports safety and service performance. The Company strives for 
continuous improvement in these measures through training, innovation and investment. Investment in 
training and technology also is designed to allow CSX employees to have an additional layer of protection 
that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents. The Company's safety programs are 
designed to prevent incidents that can adversely impact employees, customers and communities. Continued 
capital investment in the Company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection 
technology also supports safety performance.

CSX’s FRA reportable personal injury frequency index of 1.19 for the full year of 2017 was 13 percent 
unfavorable versus the prior year as man-hours fell by nine percent while overall injuries were up slightly. 
While the FRA train accident frequency rate increased year-over-year, overall FRA train accidents remained 
flat  and  train  miles  decreased  12  percent  year-over-year.  CSX  remains  committed  to  ongoing  safety 
improvement, with a focus on reducing injury severity and avoiding catastrophic events.

In order to more accurately represent the Company’s operating performance, CSX revised the way 
it calculates train velocity and terminal dwell effective third quarter 2017. These revisions are consistent with 
the principles of scheduled railroading. Updated definitions for each key performance measure are included 
beneath  the  Operating  Statistics  table.  Prior  periods  have  been  restated  to  conform  to  the  current 
methodology. Details of the changes are as follows:

•

Train velocity has been expanded to include intermediate dwell, now measuring end-to-end transit
time.

• Dwell has been expanded to include car dwell time at terminals on through trains, now measuring

all car dwell time on an end-to-end trip.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.41

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

These revisions differ from the methodology prescribed by the Surface Transportation Board ("STB") 
for reporting train velocity and dwell. CSX will continue to report train velocity and dwell to the STB on a 
weekly basis using the prescribed methodology. At the STB's request, CSX is providing additional operating 
measures on a weekly basis that are available on the Company's website. 

CSX’s operating performance improved versus the prior year in certain categories as network fluidity 
challenges in the third quarter of 2017 were offset by substantial improvement from the implementation of 
scheduled railroading and a balanced train plan. Going forward, CSX remains focused on executing the 
operational  plan  to  deliver  further  service  gains,  improve  transit  times  and  drive  asset  utilization  while 
controlling costs.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Liquidity is a company’s ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet both current and 
future needs for obligations as they mature and to provide for planned capital expenditures, including those 
to address regulatory and legislative requirements. To have a complete picture of a company’s liquidity, its 
balance sheet, sources and uses of cash flow and external factors should be reviewed.

Material Changes in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Significant Cash Flows
Consolidated Balance Sheets

CSX's balance sheet reflects its strong capital base and the impact of CSX's balanced approach in 
deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend 
payments and share repurchases.

Total assets as well as total liabilities and shareholders' equity increased $325 million from prior 
year. The increase in assets was driven by higher net properties of $614 million resulting from capital 
investment and an increase in affiliates and other companies of $160 million primarily resulting from the 
benefits of recent tax reform. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in cash and short-term 
investments of $601 million. The increase in total liabilities and shareholders' equity combined was driven 
by net earnings of $5.5 billion, partially offset by the decrease in deferred income taxes of $3.2 billion as a 
result of recent tax reform and share repurchases of $2.0 billion.

Significant Cash Flows

activities for full years 2017, 2016 and 2015. 

The  following  charts  present  net  cash  provided  by  (used  in)  operating,  investing  and  financing 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.42

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Sources of Cash

The Company has multiple sources of cash. First, the Company generates cash from operations. 
In 2017, the Company generated $3.5 billion of cash provided by operating activities which was $431 million
higher than prior year primarily driven by $250 million in voluntary contributions in 2016 to the Company's 
qualified pension plans and higher net earnings, partially offset by payments related to restructuring activities. 
In 2016, the Company generated $3.0 billion of cash provided by operating activities which was $329 million 
lower than 2015 primarily driven by $250 million in voluntary contributions to the Company's qualified pension 
plans.

Second, CSX has access to numerous financing sources including a $1 billion five-year unsecured 
revolving credit facility that expires in May 2020.  As of the date of this filing, the Company has no outstanding 
balances under this facility. See Note 9, Debt and Credit Agreements for more information.

Third, CSX filed a new shelf registration statement with the SEC in February 2016 which is unlimited 
as to amount and may be used to issue debt or equity securities at CSX’s discretion, subject to market 
conditions and CSX Board authorization. While CSX seeks to give itself flexibility with respect to cash 
requirements, there can be no assurance that market conditions would permit CSX to sell such securities 
on acceptable terms at any given time, or at all.

Uses of Cash

CSX continued to invest in its business to create long-term value for shareholders. In 2017, net cash 
used in investing activities was $1.5 billion, a decrease of $303 million from the prior year primarily driven 
by lower property additions. In 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $1.8 billion, a decrease of 
$1.1 billion from 2015 primarily driven by lower net purchases of short-term investments and lower property 
additions.

The Company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning 
itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. Funds used for 
property additions are further described below.

Capital Expenditures (Dollars in Millions)
Track
Bridges, Signals and Other

Total Infrastructure

Freight Cars
Capacity and Commercial Facilities
Regulatory (including PTC)
Locomotives

Total Property Additions

Cash paid for new assets using seller financing (a)

Total Capital Expenditures

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

2015

$

$
$

733 $
570
1,303
20
417
284
16
2,040

— $

2,040

714 $
433
1,147
82
447
313
409
2,398

307 $

2,705

866
491
1,357
218
309
341
337
2,562
—
2,562

(a)

In 2016, CSX made payments related to locomotive purchases made in 2015 using seller financing of $307 million.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.43

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Planned capital investments for 2018 are expected to be $1.6 billion, including about $200 million 
for PTC. Of the 2018 investment, the majority will be used to sustain the core infrastructure. The remaining 
amounts will be allocated to projects supporting productivity initiatives, service enhancements and profitable 
growth. CSX intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations.

The  Company  expects  to  continue  incurring  significant  capital  costs  in  connection  with  the 
implementation  of  PTC.  CSX  estimates  that  the  total  multi-year  cost  of  PTC  implementation  will  be 
approximately $2.4 billion. This estimate includes costs for installing the new system along tracks, upgrading 
locomotives,  adding  communication  equipment  and  developing  new  technologies. Total  PTC  spending 
through 2017 was $2.0 billion. 

In addition to capital investments, the Company uses cash for scheduled payments of debt and 
leases, share repurchases and to pay dividends to shareholders. In April 2017, the Company announced 
an 11 percent increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.20 per common share. In 2017, net cash used 
in financing activities was $2.2 billion, which represents an increase in spending of $911 million from the 
prior year primarily driven by higher share repurchases and lower net debt issued, partially offset by the 
repayment of seller-financed assets in the prior year. In 2016, net cash used in financing activities was $1.3 
billion, which represents an increase in spending of $749 million from 2015 primarily driven by the repayment 
of seller-financed assets, higher share repurchases, and lower net debt issued.

CSX is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the Company’s 
ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. CSX may revise its future estimates for capital 
spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or 
regulations  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  Company’s operations  and  financial 
performance in the future (see Risk Factors under Item 1A of this Form 10-K). 

Liquidity and Working Capital

Currently, CSX is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint. The Company ended the year with $419 
million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. CSX has a $1 billion unsecured, revolving 
credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks. This facility expires in May 2020 and as of the date 
of this filing, the Company has no outstanding balances under this facility. Additionally in 2017, CSX issued 
a total of $850 million of new long-term debt. CSX uses current cash balances for general corporate purposes, 
which may include repayment of additional indebtedness outstanding from time to time, repurchases of 
CSX's common stock, capital investments, working capital requirements and improvements in productivity 
and other cost reduction initiatives. See Note 9, Debt and Credit Agreements. 

With the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Act") on December 22, 2017, the federal 
corporate income tax rate was reduced from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018. Beginning in 2018, 
CSX expects its effective federal and state income tax rate to be approximately 25%. 

The Company has a receivables securitization facility with a three-year term scheduled to expire in 
September 2019. The purpose of this facility is to provide an alternative to commercial paper and a low cost 
source of short-term liquidity of up to $200 million, depending on eligible receivables balances. Under the 
terms of this facility, CSXT transfers eligible third-party receivables to CSX Trade Receivables, a bankruptcy-
remote special purpose subsidiary. A separate subsidiary of CSX services the receivables. Upon transfer, 
the receivables become assets of CSX Trade Receivables and are not available to the creditors of CSX or 
any of its other subsidiaries. In the event CSX Trade Receivables draws under this facility, the Company 
will record an equivalent amount of debt on its consolidated financial statements. As of the date of this filing, 
the Company has no outstanding balances under this facility.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.44

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Working capital can also be considered a measure of a company’s ability to meet its short-term 
needs. CSX had a working capital surplus of $21 million at December 2017 and $447 million at December 
2016. This decrease since year end is primarily due to shares repurchases of $2.0 billion, cash paid for 
property additions of $2.0 billion and dividends paid of $708 million. These working capital decreases were 
partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of $3.5 billion and new debt issued of $850 million.

The Company’s working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt 
payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances as discussed above. Although the Company 
currently has a surplus, a working capital deficit is not unusual for CSX or other companies in the industry 
and does not indicate a lack of liquidity. The Company continues to maintain adequate current assets to 
satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. Furthermore, CSX has sufficient 
financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, trade receivable facility and shelf registration statement 
to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. The Company from time to 
time accesses the credit markets for additional liquidity. CSX is currently reviewing its cash deployment 
strategy with respect to capital structure and shareholder distributions.

Credit Ratings

Credit ratings reflect an independent agency’s judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay 
a debt obligation at maturity. The ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower’s 
industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the 
sensitivity of a company’s cash flows to changes in the economy. The two largest rating agencies, Standard 
& Poor’s Ratings Services (“S&P”) and Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”), use alphanumeric codes to 
designate their ratings. The highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is AAA and Aaa for S&P 
and Moody’s, respectively. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

The cost and availability of unsecured financing are materially affected by CSX's long-term credit 
ratings. CSX's credit ratings remained stable during 2017. As of December 2017 and December 2016, S&P's 
long-term rating on CSX was BBB+ (Stable), and Moody's was Baa1 (Stable). Ratings of BBB- and Baa3 
or better by S&P and Moody’s, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit 
quality considered to be investment grade. The Company is committed to maintaining an investment grade 
credit rating. If CSX's credit ratings were to decline to below investment grade levels, the Company could 
experience significant increases in its interest cost for new debt. In addition, a decline in CSX’s credit ratings 
to below investment grade levels could adversely affect the market’s demand, and thus the Company’s 
ability to readily issue new debt.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.45

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

SCHEDULE OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMERCIAL 

COMMITMENTS

The following tables set forth maturities of the Company's contractual obligations and other significant 

commitments:

Type of Obligation

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022 Thereafter

Total

(Dollars in Millions) (Unaudited)
Contractual Obligations
Total Debt (See Note 9)
Interest on Debt
Purchase Obligations (See Note 7)
Other Post-Employment Benefits (See Note 8) (a)
Operating Leases - Net (See Note 7) (b)
Agreements with Conrail (See Note 12) (b)
Total Contractual Obligations

$

19 $
550
290
53
38
27

18 $ 745 $ 371 $ 162 $
549
229
43
34
27

537
253
41
20
27

498
258
39
15
27

484
258
36
11
27

$ 977 $ 900 $1,623 $1,208 $ 978 $

10,494 $11,809
10,571
7,953
4,217
2,929
145
357
192
74
48
183
21,643 $27,329

Other Commitments (c)

$ 100 $

2 $

2 $

2 $

2 $

— $

108

(a) Other post-employment benefits include estimated other post-retirement medical and life insurance payments and payments under non-
qualified pension plans which are unfunded. No amounts are included for funded pension obligations as no contributions are currently
required.

(b) Agreements with Conrail represent minimum future lease payments of $183 million under the shared asset area agreements (see Note
12, Related Party Transactions). These amounts plus total operating leases-net of $192 million above equals total net lease commitments
of $375 million disclosed in Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies.

(c) Other  commitments  of  $108  million  consisted  of  surety  bonds,  letters  of  credit,  uncertain  tax  positions  and  public  private
partnerships.  Surety bonds of $43 million and letters of credit of $30 million arise from assurances issued by a third-party that CSX will
fulfill certain obligations and are typically a contract, state, federal or court requirement. Uncertain tax positions of $24 million, which
include interest and penalties, are all included in year 2018 as the year of settlement cannot be reasonably estimated. Contractual
commitments related to public-private partnerships are $11 million.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

For  detailed  information  about  the  Company’s  guarantees,  operating  leases  and  purchase 
obligations, see Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies. There are no off-balance sheet arrangements 
that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations 
or liquidity.

LABOR AGREEMENTS

Approximately 20,000 of the Company's employees are members of a labor union. The U.S. Class 
I railroads have been in collective bargaining with rail labor unions since January 2015. On October 5, 2017, 
six rail unions making up the Coordinated Bargaining Group ("CBG") reached a National Agreement with 
the railroads, effective January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2019. On January 23, 2018, the Transportation 
Communications International Union (TCU) and Brotherhood Railway Carmen (BRC) ratified new contract 
terms with the nation’s major freight railroads. Collectively, to date, approximately 70% of our employees 
have now ratified the national  settlement terms. The Class I railroads  will continue to bargain with the 
remaining 30 percent and expect to reach a settlement with some or all of the remaining unions in 2018.

Separately, in December 2014, CSXT reached a local agreement covering wages and work rules 
through 2019 with the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen, which represents approximately 
20 percent of the union workforce of CSXT.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.46

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States requires that management make estimates in reporting the amounts of certain assets 
and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and 
certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 
These estimates and assumptions are discussed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on a 
regular basis.  Significant estimates using management judgment are made for the following areas:

•
•
•
•

personal injury, environmental and legal reserves;
pension and post-retirement medical plan accounting;
depreciation policies for assets under the group-life method; and
income taxes.

Personal Injury, Environmental and Legal Reserves

Personal Injury

Personal Injury reserves of $168 million and $170 million for 2017 and 2016, represent liabilities for 
employee work-related and third-party injuries. CSXT retains an independent actuary to assist management 
in  assessing  the  value  of  personal  injury  claims. The  methodology  used  by  the  actuary  includes  a 
development factor to reflect growth or reduction in the value of these personal injury claims. It is based 
largely on CSXT's historical claims and settlement experience. Actual results may vary from estimates due 
to the number, type and severity of the injury, costs of medical treatments and uncertainties in litigation. As 
a direct result of improvements in safety in recent years, the Company has experienced a downward trend 
in the severity of injuries which has resulted in a decrease in the estimate of costs per incident. For additional 
details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see Note 5, Casualty, Environmental and 
Other Reserves in the consolidated financial statements.

Environmental

Environmental  reserves  were  $90  million  and  $95  million  in  2017  and  2016,  respectively.  The 
Company is a party to various proceedings related to environmental issues, including administrative and 
judicial proceedings involving private parties and regulatory agencies. The Company has been identified 
as  a  potentially  responsible  party  at  approximately  214  environmentally  impaired  sites. The  Company 
reviews its potential liability with respect to each site identified, giving consideration to a number of factors 
such as:
•
•

type of clean-up required;
nature of the Company’s alleged connection to the location (e.g., generator of waste sent to the
site or owner or operator of the site);
extent of the Company’s alleged connection (e.g., volume of waste sent to the location and other
relevant factors); and
number, connection and financial viability of other named and unnamed potentially responsible
parties at the location.

•

•

Conditions that are currently unknown could, at any given location, result in additional exposure, the 
amount and materiality of which cannot presently be reasonably estimated. For additional details, including 
a description of our related accounting policies, see Note 5, Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves 
in the consolidated financial statements.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.47

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Critical Accounting Estimates, continued

Legal

The Company is involved in litigation incidental to its business and is a party to a number of legal 
actions and claims, various governmental proceedings and private civil lawsuits. The Company evaluates 
all exposures relating to legal liabilities at least quarterly and adjusts reserves when appropriate. The amount 
of a particular reserve may be influenced by factors that include official rulings, newly discovered or developed 
evidence, or changes in laws, regulations and evidentiary standards. An unexpected adverse resolution of 
one or more of these items could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, 
results of operations or liquidity in that particular period. For additional details, including a description of our 
related accounting policies, see Note 5, Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves in the consolidated 
financial statements. Additionally, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings for further discussion of these items.

Pension and Post-retirement Medical Plan Accounting

The  Company  sponsors  defined  benefit  pension  plans  principally  for  salaried,  management 
personnel. For employees hired prior to 2003, the plans provide eligible employees with retirement benefits 
based predominantly on years of service and compensation rates near retirement. For employees hired in 
2003 or thereafter, benefits are determined based on a cash balance formula, which provides benefits by 
utilizing interest and pay credits based upon age, service and compensation. As of December 2017, the 
projected benefit obligation for the Company’s pension plans was $3.0 billion.

In addition to these plans, the Company sponsors a post-retirement medical plan and a life insurance 
plan that provide certain benefits to full-time, salaried, management employees, hired prior to 2003, upon 
their retirement if certain eligibility requirements are met. Eligible retirees who are age 65 years or older 
(Medicare-eligible) are covered by a health reimbursement arrangement, which is an employer-funded 
account that can be used for reimbursement of eligible medical expenses. Eligible retirees younger than 65 
years  (non-Medicare  eligible)  are  covered  by  a  self-insured  program  partially  funded  by  participating 
retirees. The life insurance plan is non-contributory. As of December 2017, the projected benefit obligation 
for the Company’s other post-retirement benefit plans was $250 million.

For information related to the funded status of the Company's pension and other post-retirement 

benefit plans, see Note 8, Employee Benefit Plans.

The accounting for these plans is subject to the guidance provided in the Compensation-Retirement 
Benefits Topic in the ASC. This rule requires that management make certain assumptions relating to the 
following:

•
•
•
•

discount rates used to measure future obligations and interest expense;
long-term rate of return on plan assets;
salary scale inflation rates; and
other assumptions.

The Company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses 
relating to these plans subject to the assumptions that the Company determines are appropriate based on 
historical trends, current market rates and future projections. These amounts are reviewed by management.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.48

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Critical Accounting Estimates, continued

Discount Rates

Discount rates affect the amount of liability recorded and the service and interest cost components 
of pension and post-retirement expense.  Discount rates reflect the rates at which pension and other post-
retirement benefits could be effectively settled, or in other words, how much it would cost the Company to 
buy enough  high  quality bonds to generate  cash  flow equal  to the Company's expected future  benefit 
payments. The Company determines the discount rate based on the market yield as of year-end for high 
quality corporate bonds whose maturities match the plans' expected benefit payments.

Beginning in 2017, the Company measures the service and interest cost components of the net 
pension and post-retirement benefits expense by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash 
flows for each future year instead of a single weighted-average discount rate approach, which was used in 
prior years. The Company made this change to improve the correlation between projected pension and 
post-retirement benefit liability cash flows and the corresponding spot discount rates and to provide a more 
precise measurement of service and interest costs. Under the spot rate approach, individual spot discount 
rates along the same high quality corporate bonds yield curve used to measure the pension and post-
retirement benefit liabilities are applied to the relevant projected cash flows at the relevant maturity. The 
calculated pension and post-retirement benefits liabilities are consistent under both the traditional and spot 
rate approaches. The Company accounted for this change on a prospective basis as a change in accounting 
estimate.

The weighted average discount rates used by the Company to value its 2017 pension and post-
retirement obligations are 3.56 percent and 3.34 percent, respectively. For 2016, the weighted average 
discount rates used by the Company to value its pension and post-retirement obligations were 4.08 percent 
and 3.71 percent, respectively. Discount rates may differ for pension and post-retirement benefits due to 
varying duration of the liabilities for projected payments for each plan. As of December 2017, the estimated 
duration of pensions and post-retirement benefits is approximately 12 years and seven years, respectively.

Each year, these discount rates are reevaluated and adjusted using the current market interest rates 
for high quality corporate bonds to reflect the best estimate of the current effective settlement rates. In 
general, if interest rates decline or rise, the assumed discount rates will change.

Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets

The expected long-term average rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings 
expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit 
obligation. In estimating that rate, the Company gives appropriate consideration to the returns being earned 
by the plan assets in the funds and the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment as well 
as the current and projected asset mix of the funds. Management balances market expectations obtained 
from various investment managers and economists with both market and actual plan historical returns to 
develop a reasonable estimate of the expected long-term rate of return on assets. As this assumption is 
long-term, the annual review may result in less frequent adjustment than other assumptions used in pension 
accounting. The long-term rate of return on plan assets used by the Company to value its benefit cost for 
the subsequent plan year was 6.75 percent in both 2017 and 2016.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.49

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Critical Accounting Estimates, continued

Salary Scale Inflation Rates

Salary scale inflation rates are based on current trends and historical data accumulated by the 
Company.  The  Company  reviews  recent  wage  increases  and  management  incentive  compensation 
payments over the past five years in its assessment of salary scale inflation rates. The Company used a 
salary scale rate of 4.60 percent in both 2017 and 2016 to value its pension obligations.

Other Assumptions

The calculations made by the actuaries also include assumptions relating to health care cost trend 
rates, mortality rates, turnover and retirement age. These assumptions are based upon historical data, 
recent plan experience and industry trends and are determined by management.

2018 Estimated Pension and Post-retirement Expense

Net pension expense and post-retirement benefits expense for 2018 are expected to be a $7 million 
benefit and an $8 million expense, respectively. Net pension costs for 2018 are expected to be a $7 million 
benefit and include service cost expense of $35 million. Post-retirement benefits costs for 2018 are expected 
to be an $8 million expense and include service cost expense of $2 million. Service cost expense will be 
included in labor and fringe on the consolidated income statement. Net periodic pension expense and post-
retirement benefits expense in 2017 was a $2 million benefit and a $9 million expense, respectively. The 
decrease in expense is primarily due to favorable pension asset experience, slightly offset by the decrease 
in discount rates.

The following sensitivity analysis illustrates the effects of a one percent change in certain assumptions 
like discount rates, long-term rate of return and salaries on the 2018 estimated pension and post-retirement 
expense:

(Dollars in Millions)
Discount Rate
Long-term Rate of Return
Salary Inflation

Pension
Expense

Post-

Retirement
Expense

$
$
$

12 $
26
7

1
N/A
N/A

Depreciation Policies for Assets Utilizing the Group-Life Method

The depreciable assets of the Company are depreciated using either the group-life or straight-line 
method of accounting, which are both acceptable depreciation methods in accordance with GAAP. The 
Company depreciates its railroad assets, including main-line track, locomotives and freight cars, using the 
group-life method of accounting. Assets depreciated under the group-life method comprise 86% of total 
fixed assets of $44 billion on a gross basis at December 2017. The remaining depreciable assets of the 
Company, including non-railroad assets and assets under capital leases, are depreciated using the straight-
line method on a per asset basis. Land is not depreciated.  

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.50

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Critical Accounting Estimates, continued 

Management performs a review of depreciation expense and useful lives on a regular basis. Under 
the group-life method, the service lives and salvage values for each group of assets are determined by 
completing periodic depreciation studies and applying management’s assumptions regarding the service 
lives of its properties. There are several factors taken into account during the depreciation study and they 
include:

statistical analysis of historical life and salvage data for each group of property;
statistical analysis of historical retirements for each group of property;
evaluation of current operations;
evaluation of technological advances and maintenance schedules;
previous assessment of the condition of the assets;

•
•
•
•
•
• management's outlook on the future use of certain asset groups;
•
•

expected net salvage to be received upon retirement; and
comparison of assets to the same asset groups with other companies.

Recent experience with depreciation studies has resulted in depreciation rate changes that did not 
materially affect the Company’s annual depreciation expense of $1.3 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion for 
2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively.  A one percent change in the average life of all group-life assets would 
result in an approximate $12 million change to the Company’s annual depreciation expense. For additional 
details, including a more detailed description of our related accounting policies, see Note 6, Properties in 
the consolidated financial statements.

Income Taxes

CSX accounts for income taxes in accordance with the Income Taxes Topic in the ASC that addresses 
how tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial 
statements. Under this topic, the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if 
it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based 
on the technical merits of the position. The amount recognized in the financial statements from such a 
position is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being 
realized upon ultimate resolution.

CSX files a consolidated federal income tax return, which includes its principal domestic subsidiaries. 
Examinations of the federal income tax returns of CSX have been completed through 2015. During 2017, 
the Company participated in a contemporaneous Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) audit of tax years 2016 
and 2017. Management believes an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that might be 
assessed. While the final outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of 
CSX management that none of these items will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, 
results of operations or liquidity of CSX. An unexpected adverse resolution of one or more of these items, 
however, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular fiscal quarter or 
fiscal year. As of December 2017, the Company’s uncertain tax positions were $24 million.

New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting Policy

See  Note  1,  Nature  of  Operations  and  Significant Accounting  Policies  under  the  caption,  “New 

Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting Policy.”

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.51

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain  statements  in  this  report  and  in  other  materials  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange 
Commission, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made by the 
Company, are forward-looking statements. The Company intends for all such forward-looking statements 
to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and 
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements within the meaning 
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act may contain, among others, statements regarding:  

• projections  and  estimates  of  earnings,  revenues,  margins,  volumes,  rates,  cost-savings,

expenses, taxes or other financial items;

• expectations as to results of operations and operational initiatives;

• expectations as to the effect of claims, lawsuits, environmental costs, commitments, contingent
liabilities, labor negotiations or agreements on the Company's financial condition, results of
operations or liquidity;

• management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, capital expenditures,
workforce levels, dividends, share repurchases, safety and service performance, proposed
new services and other matters that are not historical facts, and management's expectations
as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved;
and

• future  economic,  industry  or  market  conditions  or  performance  and  their  effect  on  the

Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "will," "should," 
“believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate,” “preliminary” and similar expressions. The Company 
cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect its good faith beliefs 
with respect to future events and are based on information currently available to it as of the date the forward-
looking  statement  is  made.  Forward-looking  statements  should  not  be  read  as  a  guarantee  of  future 
performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the timing when, or by which, such 
performance or results will be achieved.

Forward-looking  statements  are  subject  to  a  number  of  risks  and  uncertainties  and  actual 
performance or results could differ materially from those anticipated by any forward-looking statements. 
The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. If the Company 
does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the Company will make 
additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.52

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

The following important factors, in addition to those discussed in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and 
elsewhere in this report, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-
looking statements: 

• legislative,  regulatory  or  legal  developments  involving  transportation,  including  rail  or
intermodal transportation, the environment, hazardous materials, taxation, international trade
and initiatives to further regulate the rail industry;

• the outcome of litigation, claims and other contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to,
those related to fuel surcharge, environmental matters, taxes, shipper and rate claims subject
to adjudication, personal injuries and occupational illnesses;

• changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those
affecting the transportation industry (such as the impact of industry competition, conditions,
performance and consolidation) and the level of demand for products carried by CSXT;

• natural  events  such  as  severe  weather  conditions,  including  floods,  fire,  hurricanes  and
earthquakes, a pandemic crisis affecting the health of the Company's employees, its shippers
or the consumers of goods, or other unforeseen disruptions of the Company's operations,
systems, property or equipment;

• competition from other modes of freight transportation, such as trucking, and competition and

consolidation or financial distress within the transportation industry generally;

• the cost of compliance with laws and regulations that differ from expectations (including those
associated with PTC implementation) as well as costs, penalties and operational and liquidity
impacts associated with noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations;

• the impact of increased passenger activities in capacity-constrained areas, including potential
effects of high speed rail initiatives, or regulatory changes affecting when CSXT can transport
freight or service routes;

• unanticipated conditions in the financial markets that may affect timely access to capital markets

and the cost of capital, as well as management's decisions regarding share repurchases;

• changes in fuel prices, surcharges for fuel and the availability of fuel;

• the impact of natural gas prices on coal-fired electricity generation;

• the impact of global supply and price of seaborne coal on CSX's export coal market;

• availability of insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or insufficient insurance

coverage to cover claims or damages;

• the inherent business risks associated with safety and security, including the transportation of
hazardous  materials  or  a  cybersecurity  attack  which  would  threaten  the  availability  and
vulnerability of information technology;

• adverse economic or operational effects from actual or threatened war or terrorist activities

and any governmental response;

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.53

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

• loss of key personnel or the inability to hire and retain qualified employees;

• labor and benefit costs and labor difficulties, including stoppages affecting either the Company's

operations or customers' ability to deliver goods to the Company for shipment;

• the Company's success in implementing its strategic, financial and operational initiatives;

• the impact of conditions in the real estate market on the Company's ability to sell assets;

• changes in operating conditions and costs or commodity concentrations; and

• the inherent uncertainty associated with projecting economic and business conditions.

Other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those in the forward-looking statements are specified elsewhere in this report and in CSX's other SEC 
reports,  which  are  accessible  on  the  SEC's  website  at  www.sec.gov  and  the  Company's  website  at 
www.csx.com.  The information on the CSX website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

CSX does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. Historically, the 
Company has used derivative financial instruments to address market risk exposure to fluctuations in interest 
rates. As  of  December  2017,  CSX  does  not  have  a  material  amount  of  floating  rate  debt  obligations 
outstanding, and therefore fluctuations in the interest rate would not have a material impact on the Company's 
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.54

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

CSX Corporation

Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Herewith:

Consolidated Income Statements for the Fiscal Years Ended:

December 31, 2017
December 30, 2016
December 25, 2015

Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statements for the Fiscal Years Ended:

December 31, 2017
December 30, 2016
December 25, 2015

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of:

December 31, 2017
December 30, 2016

Consolidated Cash Flow Statements for Fiscal Years Ended:

December 31, 2017
December 30, 2016
December 25, 2015

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity:

December 31, 2017
December 30, 2016
December 25, 2015

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page

56

57

58

59

60

61

62

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.55

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of CSX Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CSX Corporation (the Company) as of 
December 31,  2017  and  December 30,  2016,  and  the  related  consolidated  statements  of  income, 
comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in shareholders’ equity for each of the three fiscal years 
in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial 
statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated 
financial position of the Company at December 31, 2017 and December 30, 2016, and the consolidated 
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 
2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, 
based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the  Committee  of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 7, 
2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting 
firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities 
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free 
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess 
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing 
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence 
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the 
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our 
opinion. 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
Certified Public Accountants

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1981.

Jacksonville, Florida
February 7, 2018 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.56

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS

(Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)

Revenue
Expense

Labor and Fringe
Materials, Supplies and Other
Depreciation
Fuel
Equipment and Other Rents
Restructuring Charges (Note 1)
Equity Earnings of Affiliates

Total Expense

Operating Income

Interest Expense
Debt Repurchase Expense
Other Income (Expense) - Net (Note 10)

Earnings Before Income Taxes

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) (Note 11)
Net Earnings

Per Common Share (Note 2)
Net Earnings Per Share

Basic
Assuming Dilution

Average Common Shares Outstanding (Millions)

Basic
Assuming Dilution

Fiscal Years

2017
11,408 $

2016
11,069 $

2015
11,811

$

2,914
2,113
1,315
864
429
325
(219)
7,741

3,667

(546)
—
21
3,142

3,159
2,092
1,301
713
465
—
(50)
7,680

3,389

(579)
(115)
46
2,741

3,290
2,356
1,208
957
456
—
(40)
8,227

3,584

(544)
—
98
3,138

2,329
5,471 $

(1,027)
1,714 $

(1,170)
1,968

6.01 $
5.99 $

1.81 $
1.81 $

911
914

947
948

2.00
2.00

983
984

$

$
$

Cash Dividends Paid Per Common Share

$

0.78 $

0.72 $

0.70

Certain prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.57

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME STATEMENTS

(Dollars in Millions)

Net Earnings
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Net of Tax:

Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits
Other
Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Comprehensive Earnings (Note 14)

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

2015

$ 5,471 $ 1,714 $ 1,968

140
14
154

10
(9)
1
$ 5,625 $ 1,739 $ 1,969

21
4
25

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.58

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(Dollars in Millions)

ASSETS

December

2017

December

2016

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Assets:

Cash and Cash Equivalents (Note 1)
Short-term Investments
Accounts Receivable - Net (Note 1)
Materials and Supplies
Other Current Assets
Total Current Assets

Properties
Accumulated Depreciation

Properties - Net (Note 6)

Investment in Conrail (Note 12)
Affiliates and Other Companies
Other Long-term Assets

Total Assets

Current Liabilities:

Accounts Payable
Labor and Fringe Benefits Payable
Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves (Note 5)
Current Maturities of Long-term Debt (Note 9)
Income and Other Taxes Payable
Other Current Liabilities
Total Current Liabilities

Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves (Note 5)
Long-term Debt (Note 9)
Deferred Income Taxes - Net (Note 11)
Other Long-term Liabilities

Total Liabilities

Shareholders' Equity:

Common Stock, $1 Par Value (Note 3)
Other Capital
Retained Earnings (Note 1)
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Note 14)
Noncontrolling Minority Interest
Total Shareholders' Equity
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity

$

$

$

$

401 $
18
970
372
154
1,915
44,324
(12,560)
31,764
907
779
374

35,739 $

847 $
602
108
19
157
161
1,894
266
11,790
6,418
650
21,018

890
217
14,084
(486)
16
14,721
35,739 $

603
417
938
407
122
2,487
43,227
(12,077)
31,150
840
619
318
35,414

806
545
115
331
129
114
2,040
259
10,962
9,596
863
23,720

928
138
11,253
(640)
15
11,694
35,414

Certain prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.59

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS

(Dollars in Millions)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net Earnings
Adjustments to Reconcile Net Earnings to Net Cash
Provided by Operating Activities:

Depreciation
Restructuring Charge (Note 1)
Cash Payments for Restructuring Charge
Deferred Income Taxes
Earnings of equity-method investments
Contributions to Qualified Pension Plans (Note 8)
Gain on Property Dispositions
Other Operating Activities
Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities:

Accounts Receivable
Other Current Assets
Accounts Payable
Income and Other Taxes Payable
Other Current Liabilities

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Property Additions
Purchase of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Sales of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Property Dispositions
Other Investing Activities

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Long-term Debt Issued (Note 9)
Long-term Debt Repaid (Note 9)
Dividends Paid
Shares Repurchased
Other Financing Activities

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities

Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

Interest Paid - Net of Amounts Capitalized
Income Taxes Paid
Seller Financed Assets

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

$

5,471 $

1,714 $

1,968

1,315
325
(187)
(3,233)
(219)
—
(18)
(17)

(70)
1
41
20
43
3,472

(2,040)
(782)
1,193
97
37
(1,495)

850
(333)
(708)
(1,970)
(18)
(2,179)
(202)

1,301
—
—
405
(50)
(250)
(128)
(20)

84
(113)
40
23
35
3,041

(2,398)
(929)
1,325
195
9
(1,798)

2,200
(1,419)
(680)
(1,056)
(313)
(1,268)
(25)

603
401 $

555 $
911 $
— $

628
603 $

606 $
580 $
— $

$

$
$
$

1,208
—
—
456
(40)
—
(90)
62

149
(84)
(79)
(62)
(118)
3,370

(2,562)
(1,739)
1,225
147
37
(2,892)

1,200
(229)
(686)
(804)
—
(519)
(41)

669
628

566
768
307

Certain prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.60

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES

IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

(Dollars in Millions)

December 26, 2014
Comprehensive Earnings:

Net Earnings
Other Comprehensive Income (Note 14)

Total Comprehensive Earnings

Common stock dividends, $0.70 per share
Share Repurchases
Bond Conversions
Other
December 25, 2015
Comprehensive Earnings:

Net Earnings
Other Comprehensive Income (Note 14)

Total Comprehensive Earnings

Common stock dividends, $0.72 per share
Share Repurchases
Bond Conversions
Other
December 30, 2016
Comprehensive Earnings:

Net Earnings
Other Comprehensive Income (Note 14)

Total Comprehensive Earnings

Common stock dividends, $0.78 per share
Share Repurchases
Other
December 31, 2017

Common 
Shares 

Outstanding 
(Thousands)

Common
Stock and

Other
Capital

Retained
Earnings

Accumulated
Comprehensive

Other
Income
(Loss) (a)

controlling 

Non-
Interest

Shareholders'

Total
Equity

991,591 $

1,084 $

10,734 $

(666) $

24 $

11,176

—
—

—
(26,359)
13
269
965,514

—
—

—
(38,379)
94
951
928,180

—
—

—
(38,785)
456

—
—

—
(26)
—
21
1,079

—
—

—
(38)
1
24
1,066

—
—

—
(39)
80

1,968
—

(686)
(778)
—
—
11,238

1,714
—

(680)
(1,018)
—
(1)
11,253

5,471
—

(708)
(1,931)
(1)

—
1

—
—
—
—
(665)

—
25

—
—
—
—
(640)

—
154

—
—
—

889,851 $

1,107 $

14,084 $

(486) $

—
—

—
—
—
(8)
16

—
—

—
—
—
(1)
15

—
—

—
—
1
16 $

1,968
1
1,969
(686)
(804)
—
13
11,668

1,714
25
1,739
(680)
(1,056)
1
22
11,694

5,471
154
5,625
(708)
(1,970)
80
14,721

(a) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss year-end balances shown above are net of tax. The associated taxes were $162 million, $335 million and
$347 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For additional information see Note 14, Other Comprehensive Income.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.61

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1.  Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies

Business

CSX Corporation (“CSX”), together with its subsidiaries (the “Company”), based in Jacksonville, 
Florida,  is  one  of  the  nation's  leading  transportation  companies. The  Company  provides  rail-based 
transportation services including traditional rail service, the transport of intermodal containers and trailers, 
as well as other transportation services such as rail-to-truck transfers and bulk commodity operations.

The  Company’s  number  of  employees  was  approximately  24,000  as  of  December  2017,  which 
includes approximately 20,000 union employees.  Most of the Company’s employees provide or support 
transportation services.

CSX Transportation, Inc.

CSX’s principal operating subsidiary, CSX Transportation, Inc. (“CSXT”), provides an important link 
to the transportation supply chain through its approximately 21,000 route mile rail network, which serves 
major population centers in 23 states east of the Mississippi River, the District of Columbia and the Canadian 
provinces of Ontario and Quebec. It has access to over 70 ocean, river and lake port terminals along the 
Atlantic  and  Gulf  Coasts,  the  Mississippi  River,  the  Great  Lakes  and  the  St.  Lawrence  Seaway. The 
Company’s intermodal business links customers to railroads via trucks and terminals. CSXT also serves 
thousands of production and distribution facilities through track connections to approximately 230 short-line 
and regional railroads.

CSXT is now responsible for the Company's real estate sales, leasing, acquisition and management 
and  development  activities  after  a  merger  with  CSX  Real  Property,  Inc.,  a  former  wholly-owned  CSX 
subsidiary,  on  July  1,  2017.  In  addition,  as  substantially  all  real  estate  sales,  leasing,  acquisition  and 
management and development activities are focused on supporting railroad operations, all results of these 
activities are included in operating income beginning in 2017. Previously, the results of these activities were 
classified as operating or non-operating based on the nature of the activity and were not material for any 
periods presented.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.62

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1.  Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

Lines of Business

During 2017, the Company's services generated $11.4 billion of revenue and served three primary 

lines of business: merchandise, coal and intermodal.

•

•

•

The merchandise business shipped 2.7 million carloads and generated 62 percent of revenue
and  42  percent  of  volume  in  2017.  The  Company’s  merchandise  business  is  comprised  of
shipments in the following diverse markets: chemicals, automotive, agricultural and food products,
minerals, fertilizers, forest products, and metals and equipment.
The coal business shipped about 855 thousand carloads and accounted for 18 percent of revenue
and 13 percent of volume in 2017. The Company transports domestic coal, coke and iron ore to
electricity-generating power plants, steel manufacturers and industrial plants as well as export
coal to deep-water port facilities. Roughly one-third of export coal and the majority of the domestic
coal that the Company transports is used for generating electricity.
The intermodal business accounted for 16 percent of revenue and 44 percent of volume in 2017.
The intermodal business combines the superior economics of rail transportation with the short-
haul flexibility of trucks and offers a cost advantage over long-haul trucking. Through a network
of more than 40 terminals, the intermodal business serves all major markets east of the Mississippi
River and transports mainly manufactured consumer goods in containers, providing customers
with truck-like service for longer shipments.

Other revenue accounted for 4 percent of the Company’s total revenue in 2017. This revenue category 
includes revenue from regional subsidiary railroads, demurrage, revenue for customer volume commitments 
not met, switching, other incidental charges and adjustments to revenue reserves. Revenue from regional 
railroads includes shipments by railroads that the Company does not directly operate. Demurrage represents 
charges assessed when freight cars or other equipment are held beyond a specified period of time. Switching 
revenue is primarily generated when CSXT switches cars for a customer or another railroad.

Other Entities

In addition to CSXT, the Company’s subsidiaries include CSX Intermodal Terminals, Inc. (“CSX 
Intermodal Terminals”), Total Distribution Services, Inc. (“TDSI”), Transflo Terminal Services, Inc. (“Transflo”), 
CSX Technology, Inc. (“CSX Technology”) and other subsidiaries. CSX Intermodal Terminals owns and 
operates a system of intermodal terminals, predominantly in the eastern United States and also performs 
drayage services (the pickup and delivery of intermodal shipments) for certain customers and trucking 
dispatch  operations. TDSI  serves  the  automotive  industry  with  distribution  centers  and  storage 
locations. Transflo connects non-rail served customers to the many benefits of rail by transferring products 
from rail to trucks. The biggest Transflo markets are chemicals and agriculture, which includes shipments 
of plastics and ethanol. CSX Technology and other subsidiaries provide support services for the Company.

Basis of Presentation

In  the  opinion  of  management,  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  contain  all 
normal, recurring adjustments necessary to fairly present the financial position of CSX and its subsidiaries 
at December 31, 2017 and December 30, 2016, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive 
income, cash flows and changes in shareholders’ equity for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015. In addition, 
management has evaluated and disclosed all material events occurring subsequent to the date of the financial 
statements up to the date this annual report is filed on Form 10-K.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.63

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1.  Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

Fiscal Year

Through the second quarter 2017, CSX followed a 52/53 week fiscal reporting calendar with the last 
day of each reporting period ending on a Friday. The 52/53 week calendar allowed for every quarter and 
year to be of equal duration, 13 weeks and 52 weeks, respectively. To maintain this calendar, every fifth or 
sixth year, an extra week was added to the fourth quarter and year, making the reporting periods 14 weeks 
and 53 weeks, respectively. In 2016, the fourth quarter and fiscal year included this extra week. 

On July 7, 2017, the Board of Directors of CSX approved a change in the fiscal reporting calendar 
from a 52/53 week year ending on the last Friday of December to a calendar year ending on December 31 
each year, effective beginning with fiscal third quarter 2017. Related to the change in the fiscal calendar:

•

•

•

•

•

Fiscal year 2017 (December 31, 2016 through December 31, 2017) contained 366 days, and fiscal
year 2016 (December 26, 2015 through December 30, 2016) contained 371 days
Fiscal first quarter 2017 (December 31, 2016 through March 31, 2017) contained 91 days, and fiscal
first quarter 2016 (December 26, 2015 through March 25, 2016) contained 91 days
Fiscal second quarter 2017 (April 1, 2017 through June 30, 2017) contained 91 days, and fiscal
second quarter 2016 (September 24, 2016 through December 30, 2016) contained 91 days
Fiscal third quarter 2017 (July 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017) contained 92 days, and fiscal
third quarter 2016 (June 25, 2016 through September 23, 2016) contained 91 days
Fiscal fourth quarter 2017 (October 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017) contained 92 days, and
fiscal fourth quarter 2016 (September 24, 2016 through December 30, 2016) contained 98 days

This change did not materially impact comparability of the Company’s financial results for fiscal year
2016 and fiscal year 2017. Accordingly, the change to a calendar fiscal year was made on a prospective 
basis and operating results for prior periods have not been adjusted. The Company is not required to file a 
transition report because this change is not deemed a change in fiscal year for purposes of reporting subject 
to Rule 13a-10 or Rule 15d-10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as the new fiscal year commenced 
with the end of the prior fiscal year end and within seven days of the prior fiscal year end. Except as otherwise 
specified, references to full years indicate CSX’s fiscal years ended on December 31, 2017 and December 
30, 2016.

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include results of operations of CSX and subsidiaries over 
which CSX has majority ownership or financial control. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions 
have been eliminated. Most investments in companies that were not majority-owned were carried at cost 
(if less than 20% owned and the Company has no significant influence) or were accounted for under the 
equity method (if the Company has significant influence but does not have control). These investments are 
reported within Investment in Conrail or Affiliates and Other Companies on the consolidated balance sheets.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

On a daily basis, cash in excess of current operating requirements is invested in various highly liquid 
investments  having  a  typical  maturity  date  of  three  months  or  less  at  the  date  of  acquisition.  These 
investments  are  carried  at  cost,  which  approximated  market  value,  and  are  classified  as  cash 
equivalents. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.64

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1.  Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

Investments

Investments in instruments with original maturities greater than three months that will mature in less 
than one year are classified as short-term investments. Investments with original maturities of one year or 
greater are initially classified within other long-term assets, and the classification is re-evaluated at each 
balance sheet date.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts on uncollectible amounts related to 
freight  receivables,  government  reimbursement  receivables,  claims  for  damages  and  other  various 
receivables. The allowance is based upon the creditworthiness of customers, historical experience, the age 
of the receivable and current market and economic conditions. Uncollectible amounts are charged against 
the allowance account. Allowance for doubtful accounts of $26 million and $33 million is included in the 
consolidated balance sheets as of December 2017 and December 2016, respectively.

Materials and Supplies

Materials and supplies in the consolidated balance sheets are carried at average costs and consist 
primarily of fuel and parts used in the repair and maintenance of CSXT’s freight car and locomotive fleets, 
equipment and track structure.

Goodwill

Goodwill represents purchase price in excess of fair value and is related to affiliates of CSXT, primarily 
P&L Transportation, Inc. Goodwill of $63 million is recorded in other long-term assets in the consolidated 
balance sheets as of December 2017 and December 2016, respectively.

Revenue and Expense Recognition

The Company recognizes freight revenue using Free-On-Board Origin pursuant to the Revenue 
Recognition  Topic in the Accounting  Standards  Codification  ("ASC").  Accounting  guidance  in  this topic 
provides for the allocation of revenue between reporting periods based on relative transit time in each 
reporting period.  Expenses are recognized as incurred.

The certain key estimates included in the recognition and measurement of revenue and related 

accounts receivable under the policies described above are as follows:

•

•

•

•

revenue associated with shipments in transit is recognized ratably over transit time and is based on
average cycle times to move commodities and products from their origin to their final destination or
interchange;
adjustments  to  revenue  for  billing  corrections,  billing  discounts  and  bad  debts  or  to  accounts
receivable for allowances for doubtful accounts;
adjustments to revenue for overcharge claims filed by customers, which are based on historical cash
paid to customers for rate overcharges as a percentage of total billing;
incentive-based refunds to customers, which are primarily based on customers achieving certain
volume thresholds, are recorded as a reduction to revenue on the basis of management’s best
estimate of the projected liability (this estimate is based on historical activity, current volume levels
and forecasted future volume).

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.65

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1.  Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

The Company regularly updates the estimates described above based on historical experience and 
current  conditions. All  other  revenue,  such  as  demurrage,  switching  and  other  incidental  charges  are 
recorded upon completion of the service.

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards 
Update ("ASU") Compensation - Stock Compensation: Scope of Modification Accounting, which provides 
clarity  on  what  changes  to  share-based  awards  are  considered  substantive  and  require  modification 
accounting to be applied. This update is required beginning with first quarter 2018 and should be applied 
prospectively to award modifications after the effective date. The Company early adopted this standard 
update in second quarter 2017 and will apply it prospectively to any award modifications after the adoption 
date. The Company does not regularly modify the terms and conditions of share-based awards and does 
not believe this standard update will have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations 
or liquidity.

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and 
Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost, which requires that only the service cost component of net periodic 
benefit costs be recorded as compensation cost in the operating expense section of the income statement. 
All  other  components  of  net  periodic  benefit  cost  (interest  cost,  expected  return  on  plan  assets  and 
amortization of net loss) will be presented in other income - net. This standard update is effective beginning 
with the first quarter 2018 and must be applied retrospectively. The Company does not believe this standard 
update will have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. The Company 
currently records service costs and net benefit costs within labor and fringe expense. In 2017, pension and 
other post-retirement benefit charges and pension settlement charges totaling $85 million were included in 
the restructuring charge. Beginning in first quarter 2018, only the service cost will be recorded within labor 
and fringe expense, and the other components of net benefit costs will be recorded in other income. The 
retrospective impact of adoption will be an increase in operating income for the prior years presented as 
the other components were a net expense. The impact of adoption is projected to be a decrease in operating 
income for 2018. The retrospective impact of adoption is shown in the following table.

Increase in Operating Income
Decrease in Other Income

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

2015

$

53 $
(53)

24 $
(24)

44
(44)

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which eliminates 
step two, the calculation of the implied fair value of goodwill, from the goodwill impairment test. Impairment 
will be quantified in step one of the test as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. 
This  standard  update  is  effective  beginning  first  quarter  2020  and  must  be  applied  prospectively. The 
Company does not believe this standard update will have a material effect on its financial condition, results 
of operations or liquidity.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.66

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1. 

Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which supersedes 
previous revenue recognition guidance. The new standard requires that a company recognize revenue when 
it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the company 
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Companies will need to use more judgment 
and estimates than under the guidance currently in effect, including estimating the amount of variable revenue 
to recognize over each identified performance obligation. Additional disclosures will be required to help users 
of financial statements understand the nature, amount and timing of revenue and cash flows arising from 
contracts. CSX will adopt this standard update in first quarter 2018 using a modified retrospective method 
of adoption.

The FASB has also issued several amendments to the revenue standard, including clarification on 
accounting for principal versus agent considerations (i.e., reporting gross versus net), licenses of intellectual 
property and identifying performance obligations. These amendments do not change the core principle of 
the standard, but provide clarity and implementation guidance.

The Company is currently finalizing its review of the impact of adopting this new guidance and has 
developed a comprehensive implementation plan. In-depth reviews of commercial contracts have been 
completed and changes to processes and internal controls to meet the standard’s reporting and disclosure 
requirements have been identified and are being implemented. Adoption of this standard update will not 
materially impact the Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Freight revenue will 
continue to be recognized ratably over transit time. Additionally, the disaggregated revenue information 
required to be disclosed under this standard update is similar to the information currently included in the 
Results of Operations section of Item 2, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations.”

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU, Leases, which will require lessees to recognize most leases 
on their balance sheets as a right-of-use asset with a corresponding lease liability, and lessors to recognize 
a net lease investment. Additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures will also be required. This standard 
update is effective for CSX beginning with the first quarter 2019 and will be adopted using a modified 
retrospective method. Changes to processes and internal controls to meet the standard’s reporting and 
disclosure requirements have been identified and are being implemented. Software has been implemented 
that will assist in the recognition of additional assets and liabilities to be included on the balance sheet related 
to leases currently classified as operating leases with durations greater than twelve months, with certain 
allowable exceptions. The Company continues to evaluate the expected impact of this standard update on 
disclosures, but does not anticipate any material changes to operating results or liquidity.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.67

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1. 

Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States requires that management make estimates in reporting the amounts of certain assets 
and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and 
the reported amount of certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ 
from those estimates. Critical accounting estimates using management judgment are made for the following 
areas:

•

•
•
•

personal injury, environmental and legal reserves (see Note 5, Casualty, Environmental and
Other Reserves);
pension and post-retirement medical plan accounting (see Note 8, Employee Benefit Plans);
depreciation policies for assets under the group-life method (see Note 6, Properties); and
income taxes (see Note 11, Income Taxes).

Other Items 
Management Workforce Reduction

Through an involuntary separation program with enhanced benefits to further its strategic objectives, 
CSX reduced its management workforce by approximately 950 employees during 2017. The Company has 
been focused on driving efficiencies through process improvement and responding to business mix shifts. 
These management reductions were designed to further streamline general and administrative and operating 
support functions to speed decision making and further control costs. In April 2017, the involuntary separation 
program  was  essentially  completed. This  program  extends  separation  benefits  for  certain  members  of 
management that could result in additional charges through first quarter 2018. Accordingly, additional charges 
were incurred under the program throughout the year, including charges related to the separation of senior 
executives during fourth quarter 2017. The majority of separation benefits are being paid from general 
corporate funds while certain benefits are being paid through CSX’s qualified pension plans.

Executive Retirements

 In first quarter 2017, the Company's former Chief Executive Officer, Michael J. Ward, and President, 
Clarence W. Gooden, announced their retirements, and the terms of their unvested equity awards were 
modified to permit prorated vesting through May 31, 2018. The lump-sum payments of their non-qualified 
pension benefits also resulted in a settlement charge in fourth quarter 2017.

Reimbursement Arrangements

In June 2017, the Company and the Company's former President and Chief Executive Officer, E. 
Hunter Harrison, executed a letter agreement providing for certain reimbursement arrangements. Pursuant 
to the letter agreement, the Company made a reimbursement payment to MR Argent Advisor LLC ("Mantle 
Ridge") of $55 million for funds previously paid to Mr. Harrison by Mantle Ridge. Further, the Company 
assumed Mantle Ridge’s obligation to pay Mr. Harrison, prior to March 15, 2018, a lump sum cash amount 
of $29 million in respect of other forfeited compensation from his previous employer, Canadian Pacific 
Railway Limited. This $29 million payment was made to his estate following his death in December 2017. 
The Company also assumed Mantle Ridge’s tax indemnification obligations to Mr. Harrison, which was 
intended to allow Mr. Harrison to remain in the same after-tax position as if he had not: (i) forfeited such 
compensation and benefits earned from CP; and (ii) received $55 million from Mantle Ridge. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.68

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1.  Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

The ownership position of Mantle Ridge, a CSX shareholder, is detailed in the Company's Proxy 
Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 20, 2017 and subsequent Form 4 filings with the SEC. The Vice-
Chairman of CSX's Board of Directors, Paul C. Hilal, founded and controls Mantle Ridge and each of its 
related entities. At the Company's 2017 annual meeting of shareholders held on June 5, 2017, the Company's 
shareholders approved, on an advisory basis, with approximately 93 percent of the vote, the Company 
undertaking such reimbursement arrangements.

Restructuring Charge

The  total  restructuring  charge  includes  costs  related  to  the  management  workforce  reduction, 
executive retirements, reimbursement arrangements, the proration of equity awards and other advisory 
costs related to the leadership transition. Future charges related to this restructuring are not expected to be 
material. Expenses related to the management workforce reduction and other costs are shown in the following 
table.

Second
Quarter

2017
Third
Quarter

Fourth
Quarter

Year-to-

Date

First 
Quarter
$

81 $

10 $

7
3
2
22 $
84
16
—

—
122 $

— $

—
—
—
— $
—
—
—

1
1 $

7 $

3
7
—
17 $
—
—
12

—
29 $

98

73
15
8
194
84
24
12

11
325

(Dollars in millions)
Severance

Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Charges
Share-Based Compensation Remeasurement
Relocation

     Subtotal Management Workforce Reduction

Reimbursement Arrangements
Non-Cash Executive Equity Awards Proration
Non-Cash Pension Settlement Charge
Other Charges Including Fees Related to Shareholder
Matters

     Total Restructuring Charge

$

$

63
5
6

155 $
—
8
—

10
173 $

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.69

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 1.  Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies, continued

Charges and payments related to the management workforce reduction and other costs are shown 

in the following table.

2017

Charges
$

2017

Payments

Non-cash 

Items

(Dollars in millions)
Severance
Pension, Other Post-Retirement Benefit Charges (a)
Share-Based Compensation Remeasurement
Relocation

Subtotal Management Workforce Reduction

Reimbursement Arrangements
Non-Cash Executive Equity Awards Proration
Non-Cash Pension Settlement Charge
Other Charges Including Fees Related to Shareholder Matters

Total Restructuring Charge

98 $
73
15
8

$

$

194 $
84
24
12
11
325 $

(86) $
—
—
(6)
(92) $
(84)
—
—
(11)
(187) $

Liability
12/31/2017
12
—
—
2
14
—
—
—
—
14

— $
(73)
(15)
—
(88) $
—
(24)
(12)
—

(124) $

(a) The majority of non-cash items are related to certain benefits paid through CSX's qualified pension plans.

Separation Benefits

Union agreements and facility closures in 2015, and management streamlining under workforce 
reduction plans announced in 2014 resulted in payment of separation benefits to employees of $51 million
in  2015.  These  amounts  are  recognized  in  labor  and  fringe  and  materials,  supplies  and  other  on  the 
consolidated statements of income. Separation benefits incurred in 2016 related to workforce reduction 
plans were not material. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.70

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 2.  Earnings Per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic earnings per share and earnings per share, 

assuming dilution:

Numerator (Dollars in Millions):
Net Earnings
Dividend Equivalents on Restricted Stock
Net Earnings, Attributable to Common Shareholders

Denominator (Units in Millions):
Average Common Shares Outstanding
Other Potentially Dilutive Common Shares
Average Common Shares Outstanding, Assuming Dilution

Net Earnings Per Share, Basic
Net Earnings Per Share, Assuming Dilution

$

$

$
$

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

2015

5,471 $

1,714 $

(1)

(1)

5,470 $

1,713 $

1,968
(1)
1,967

911
3
914

947
1
948

6.01 $
5.99 $

1.81 $
1.81 $

983
1
984

2.00
2.00

Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock 
outstanding. Earnings per share, assuming dilution, is based on the weighted-average number of shares of 
common stock equivalents outstanding adjusted for the effects of common stock that may be issued as a 
result of potentially dilutive instruments. CSX's potentially dilutive instruments are made up of equity awards, 
which include long-term incentive awards and employee stock options.

The Earnings Per Share Topic in the ASC requires CSX to include additional shares in the computation 
of  earnings  per  share,  assuming  dilution. The  additional  shares  included  in  diluted  earnings  per  share 
represent the number of shares that would be issued if all of the above potentially dilutive instruments were 
converted into CSX common stock.

When calculating diluted earnings per share, CSX is required to include the potential shares that 
would  be  outstanding  if  all  outstanding  stock  options  were  exercised.  This  number  is  different  from 
outstanding  stock  options,  which  is  included  in  Note  4,  Stock  Plans  and  Share-Based  Compensation, 
because it is offset by shares CSX could repurchase using the proceeds from these hypothetical exercises 
to obtain the common stock equivalent. Approximately 7.6 million, 2.8 million and 2.5 million of total average 
outstanding stock options for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings 
per share calculation because their effect was antidilutive.  

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.71

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 2.  Earnings Per Share, continued

Share Repurchases

Share repurchases under the $2 billion program announced in April 2015 were completed in April 
2017. The Company subsequently announced a $1 billion share repurchase program in April 2017, with 
additional authority of $500 million added in July 2017. Repurchases under that program were completed 
on October 2, 2017, and the Company announced a new $1.5 billion share repurchase program on October 
25, 2017.

During 2017, 2016, and 2015, CSX repurchased the following shares:

Shares Repurchased (Units in Millions)
Cost of Shares (Dollars in Millions)

2017

39

Fiscal Years

2016

38

$

1,970 $

1,056 $

2015

26
804

Management's assessment of market conditions and other factors guide the timing and volume of 
repurchases. Future share repurchases are expected to be funded by cash on hand, cash generated from 
operations and debt issuances. Shares are retired immediately upon repurchase. In accordance with the 
Equity Topic in the ASC, the Company elected to allocate the excess of repurchase price over par value 
and record in retained earnings. Generally, retained earnings is only impacted by net earnings and dividends. 

NOTE 3. Shareholders’ Equity

Common and preferred stock consists of the following:

Common Stock, $1 Par Value

Common Shares Authorized
Common Shares Issued and Outstanding

Preferred Shares Authorized
Preferred Shares Issued and Outstanding

Preferred Stock

December 2017
(Units in Millions)
1,800
890

25
—

Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote on all matters requiring a vote for each share 

held. Preferred stock is senior to common stock with respect to dividends and upon liquidation of CSX.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.72

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 4.  Stock Plans and Share-Based Compensation

Under CSX's share-based compensation plans, awards consist of performance units, restricted stock 
units, restricted stock awards and stock options for management and stock grants for directors.  Awards 
granted under the various programs are determined and approved by the Compensation Committee of the 
Board of Directors or, in certain circumstances, by the Chief Executive Officer for awards to management 
employees other than senior executives. The Board of Directors approves awards granted to the Company’s 
non-management directors upon recommendation of the Governance Committee.

Share-based compensation expense is measured using the fair value of the award on the grant date 
and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period of the respective award. Forfeitures are 
recognized as they occur. Total pre-tax expense associated with share-based compensation and its related 
income tax benefit is shown in the table below. The year over year increase in expense related to performance 
units  and  stock  options  is  primarily  due  to  modifications  to  the  terms  of  awards  (see  Equity  Award 
Modifications below) and higher expected award payouts.

(Dollars in Millions)
Share-Based Compensation Expense

Performance Units
Restricted Stock Units and Awards
Stock Options
Stock Awards for Directors

Total Share-based Compensation Expense
Income Tax Benefit

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

$

$
$

49 $
15
22
3
89 $
34 $

17 $
11
7
2
37 $
14 $

(1)
11
—
2
12
4

Long-term Incentive Plans

The CSX Long-term Incentive Plans (“LTIP”) were adopted under the 2010 CSX Stock and Incentive 
Award Plan. The objective of these plans is to motivate and reward certain employees for achieving and 
exceeding certain financial goals. Grants were made in performance units, with each unit being equivalent 
to one share of CSX common stock, and payouts will be made in CSX common stock. The payout range 
for participants will be between 0% and 200% of the target awards depending on Company performance 
against predetermined goals for each three-year cycle. In 2015, 2016 and 2017, target performance units 
were  granted  to  certain  employees  under  three    separate  LTIP  plans  covering  three-year  cycles:  the 
2015-2017 (“2015-2017 LTIP”), 2016-2018 (“2016-2018 LTIP”) and 2017-2019 (“2017-2019 LTIP”) plans 
(collectively, the “plans”).  

The key financial targets for the plans will be based on the achievement of goals related to both 
operating ratio and return on assets (tax-adjusted operating income divided by net property) excluding certain 
items as disclosed in the Company's financial statements. The three-year cumulative operating ratio and 
average  return  on  assets  over  the  performance  period  will  each  comprise  50%  of  the  payout  and  are 
measured independently of the other. The plans state that payouts for certain executive officers are subject 
to downward adjustment by up to 30% based upon total shareholder return relative to specified comparable 
groups.  

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.73

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 4.  Stock Plans and Share-Based Compensation, continued

Performance unit grant and vesting information is summarized as follows:

Weighted-average grant date fair value
Fair value of units vested in fiscal year ending (in millions)

$
$

49.50 $
26 $

24.17 $
31 $

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

35.45
34

The performance unit activity related to the outstanding long-term incentive plans and corresponding 

fair value is summarized as follows:

Performance Units

Outstanding

 (in Thousands)

Weighted-Average
Fair Value at Grant

Date

Unvested at December 30, 2016
Granted
Forfeited
Vested
Unvested at December 31, 2017

1,581 $

644
(530)
(719)
976 $

30.00
49.50
38.47
35.94
33.90

As of December 2017, there was $24 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to 
performance units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately two
years.  

Restricted Stock Grants

Restricted  stock  grants  consist  of  units  and  awards,  each  equivalent  to  one  share  of  CSX 
stock. Restricted stock units are issued along with corresponding LTIP plans and vest three years after the 
date of grant. Separately, restricted stock awards generally vest over an employment period of up to five
years. Participants receive cash dividend equivalents on the unvested shares during the restriction period. 
These awards are time-based and not based upon CSX’s attainment of operational targets.  

Restricted stock grant and vesting information is summarized as follows:

Weighted-average grant date fair value
Fair value of units and awards vested during fiscal year ended 
(in millions)

$
$

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

2015

48.35 $
8 $

24.21 $
14 $

35.94
9

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.74

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 4.  Stock Plans and Share-Based Compensation, continued

The restricted stock activity related to the outstanding long-term incentive plans and corresponding 

fair value is summarized as follows:

Unvested at December 30, 2016
Granted
Forfeited
Vested
Unvested at December 31, 2017

Restricted Stock
Units and Awards
Outstanding
(in Thousands)

Weighted-Average
Fair Value at Grant

Date

1,076 $

328
(297)
(300)
807 $

28.19
48.35
36.48
28.09
33.37

As of December 2017, unrecognized compensation expense for these restricted stock units and 
awards was approximately $7 million, which will be expensed over a weighted-average remaining period of 
one year.

Stock Options

Stock options were granted in 2016 and 2017 along with the corresponding LTIP plans, and to certain 
members of management in 2015. Under this program, an employee receives an award that provides the 
opportunity in the future to purchase CSX shares at the closing market price of the stock on the date the 
award is granted (the strike price). The options become exercisable after a three-year vesting period and 
expire 10 years from the grant date if they are not exercised. 

The fair value of stock options granted was estimated as of the dates of grant using the Black-
Scholes-Merton option model which uses the following assumptions: dividend yield, risk-free interest rate, 
annualized volatility and expected life.  The annual dividend yield is based on the most recent quarterly CSX 
dividend payment annualized. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at 
the time of grant. The annualized volatility is based on historical volatility of daily CSX stock price returns 
over a 6.5 year look-back period ending on the grant date. The expected life is calculated using the safe 
harbor approach due to lack of historical data on CSX options, which is the midpoint between the vesting 
schedule (three year cliff) and contractual term (10 years).

On March 6, 2017, the Company granted 9 million stock options to former CEO E. Hunter Harrison 
at a fair value of $12.88 per option. These options were granted with a ten-year term and an exercise price 
equal to the closing market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant. Half of the options, or 4.5 
million, were to vest on Mr. Harrison's service anniversary in equal annual installments over four years. The 
other half were to vest based on achievement of performance targets related to both operating ratio and 
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted for certain items. Upon his death on 
December 16, 2017, all of Mr. Harrison's 9 million options were forfeited.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.75

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 4.  Stock Plans and Share-Based Compensation, continued

Assumptions and inputs used to estimate fair value of stock options are summarized as follows:

Weighted-average grant date fair value 

Stock options valuation assumptions:

Annual dividend yield
Risk-free interest rate
Annualized volatility
Expected life (in years)

Other pricing model inputs:

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

$

12.84

$

4.68

$

5.31

1.5%
2.2%
27.1%
6.3

3%
1%
27%
6.5

3%
2%
28%
6.5

Weighted-average grant-date market price of CSX stock 
(strike price)

$

49.63

$

24.13

$

24.99

The stock option activity is summarized as follows:

Outstanding at December 30, 2016
Granted 
Forfeited 
Exercised
Outstanding at December 31, 2017
Exercisable at December 31, 2017

Stock Options
Outstanding
(in Thousands)

Weighted-Average

Exercise Price

4,582 $
10,462
(10,860)
22

4,163 $

—

24.57
49.63
46.81
25.18
29.52
—

Unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options as of December 2017 was $10 million 

and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately one year.    

Equity Award Modifications

The terms of performance units, restricted stock units and stock options granted as part of the 
Company’s long-term share-based compensation plans typically require participants to be employed through 
the final day of the respective performance or vesting periods as applicable, except in the case of death, 
disability or retirement. As part of an enhanced severance benefit under the management streamlining and 
realignment initiative discussed in Note 1, unvested performance units, restricted stock units and stock 
options for separated employees not eligible for retirement were permitted to vest on a pro-rata basis.

Additionally, the terms of unvested equity awards for the former Chief Executive Officer, Michael J. 
Ward, and President, Clarence W. Gooden, were modified prior to their retirements on March 6, 2017 to 
permit prorated vesting through May 31, 2018. The terms were modified in exchange for each agreeing to 
serve in an advisory capacity upon request until May 31, 2017, and waiving various rights and claims, 
including the cancellation of their respective change of control agreements with the Company.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.76

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 4.  Stock Plans and Share-Based Compensation, continued

The award modifications noted above impacted approximately 75 employees and resulted in an 
increase to share-based compensation expense for revaluation of the affected awards of $39 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2017.

Stock Awards for Directors

CSX’s non-management directors receive a base annual retainer of $100,000 to be paid quarterly 
in  cash,  unless  the  director  chooses  to  defer  the  retainer  in  the  form  of  cash  or  CSX  common  stock. 
Additionally,  non-management  directors  receive  an  annual  grant  of  common  stock  in  the  amount  of 
approximately $150,000, with the number of shares to be granted based on the average closing price of 
CSX stock in the months of November, December and January. In March 2017, the non-management 
Chairman received approximately $250,000 in the form of CSX stock valued on the third day after E. Hunter 
Harrison was named Chief Executive Officer and new Board members were announced.

NOTE 5.  Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves

Casualty
Reserves
$

Activity related to casualty, environmental and other reserves is as follows:
Environmental

Other

Reserves

Reserves

(Dollars in Millions)
December 26, 2014
Charged to Expense
Payments
December 25, 2015
Charged to Expense
Change in Estimate(a)
Payments
December 30, 2016
Charged to Expense
Payments
December 31, 2017
(a)  Changes in estimates are the result of continued safety improvements and a continuing decline in the severity of injuries.

Total
59 $ 418
37
142
(160)
(47)
49
400
30
128
—
(28)
(126)
(29)
50
374
45
114
(114)
(39)
56 $ 374

265 $
60
(56)
269
52
(28)
(64)
229
43
(44)
228 $

94 $
45
(57)
82
46
—
(33)
95
26
(31)
90 $

$

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.77

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 5.  Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves, continued

Personal injury and environmental reserves are considered critical accounting estimates due to the 
need for significant management judgment. Casualty, environmental and other reserves are provided for in 
the consolidated balance sheets as shown in the table below.

(Dollars in Millions)
Casualty:
Personal Injury
Occupational

Total Casualty

Environmental
Other

Total

December 2017

December 2016

Current

Long-term

Total

Current

Long-term

Total

$

$

$

43 $
6
49 $
31
28
108 $

125 $
54
179 $
59
28
266 $

168 $
60
228 $
90
56
374 $

46 $
7
53 $
42
20
115 $

124 $
52
176 $
53
30
259 $

170
59
229
95
50
374

These  liabilities  are  accrued  when  reasonably  estimable  and  probable  in  accordance  with  the 
Contingencies Topic in the ASC.  Actual settlements and claims received could differ and final outcomes of 
these matters cannot be predicted with certainty. Considering the legal defenses currently available, the 
liabilities that have been recorded and other factors, it is the opinion of management that none of these 
items individually, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial 
condition, results of operations or liquidity. Should a number of these items occur in the same period, however, 
their combined effect could be material in that particular period.

Casualty

Casualty reserves of $228 million and $229 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively, represent accruals 
for  personal  injury,  occupational  disease  and  occupational  injury  claims. The  Company's  self-insured 
retention amount for these claims is $50 million per occurrence.  Currently, no individual claim is expected 
to exceed the self-insured retention amount.  In accordance with the Contingencies Topic in the ASC, to the 
extent the value of an individual claim exceeds the self-insured retention amount, the Company would 
present  the  liability  on  a  gross  basis  with  a  corresponding  receivable  for  insurance  recoveries.  These 
reserves fluctuate based upon the timing of payments as well as changes in estimate. Actual results may 
vary from estimates due to the number, type and severity of the injury, costs of medical treatments and 
uncertainties in litigation. Most of the Company's casualty claims relate to CSXT unless otherwise noted 
below. Defense and processing costs, which historically have been insignificant and are anticipated to be 
insignificant in the future, are not included in the recorded liabilities. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.78

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 5.  Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves, continued

Personal Injury

Personal 

injury  reserves  represent 

third-party 
injuries.  Work-related injuries for CSXT employees are primarily subject to the Federal Employers' Liability 
Act ("FELA"). CSXT retains an independent actuary to assist management in assessing the value of personal 
injury claims.  An analysis is performed by the actuary quarterly and is reviewed by management. The 
methodology used by the actuary includes a development factor to reflect growth or reduction in the value 
of these personal injury claims. It is based largely on CSXT's historical claims and settlement experience.  

for  employee  work-related  and 

liabilities 

During 2017 and 2015, there were no significant changes in estimate recorded to adjust casualty 
reserves. As a direct result of improvements in safety in recent years, the Company has experienced a 
downward trend in the severity of injuries, which has resulted in a decrease in the estimate of costs per 
incident. During 2016, the Company reduced casualty reserves, primarily personal injury reserves, by $28 
million, resulting in an after-tax effect on earnings from continuing operations and net earnings of $18 million 
and an after-tax effect on earnings per share of $0.02. The personal injury reserve reductions were included 
in materials, supplies and other on the consolidated income statements. 

Occupational

Occupational reserves represent liabilities for occupational disease and injury claims. Occupational 
disease claims arise primarily from allegations of exposure to asbestos in the workplace. Occupational injury 
claims arise from allegations of exposure to certain other materials in the workplace, such as solvents, 
soaps, chemicals (collectively referred to as “irritants”) and diesel fuels (like exhaust fumes) or allegations 
of chronic physical injuries resulting from work conditions, such as repetitive stress injuries. 

Environmental

Environmental reserves were $90 million and $95 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The 
Company is a party to various proceedings related to environmental issues, including administrative and 
judicial proceedings involving private parties and regulatory agencies. The Company has been identified as 
a potentially responsible party at approximately 214 environmentally impaired sites. Many of these are, or 
may  be,  subject  to  remedial  action  under  the  federal  Comprehensive  Environmental  Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 ("CERCLA"), also known as the Superfund Law, or similar state 
statutes. Most of these proceedings arose from environmental conditions on properties used for ongoing or 
discontinued railroad operations. A number of these proceedings, however, are based on allegations that 
the Company, or its predecessors, sent hazardous substances to facilities owned or operated by others for 
treatment, recycling or disposal. In addition, some of the Company’s land holdings were leased to others 
for commercial or industrial uses that may have resulted in releases of hazardous substances or other 
regulated materials onto the property and could give rise to proceedings against the Company.

In any such proceedings, the Company is subject to environmental clean-up and enforcement actions 
under the Superfund Law, as well as similar state laws that may impose joint and several liability for clean-
up and enforcement costs on current and former owners and operators of a site without regard to fault or 
the legality of the original conduct. These costs could be substantial.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.79

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 5.  Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves, continued

In  accordance  with  the  Asset  Retirement  and  Environmental  Obligations  Topic  in  the ASC,  the 
Company reviews its role with respect to each site identified at least quarterly, giving consideration to a 
number of factors such as:

•
•

•

•

type of clean-up required;
nature of the Company’s alleged connection to the location (e.g., generator of waste sent to the
site or owner or operator of the site);
extent of the Company’s alleged connection (e.g., volume of waste sent to the location and other
relevant factors); and
number, connection and financial viability of other named and unnamed potentially responsible
parties at the location.

Based on the review process, the Company has recorded amounts to cover contingent anticipated 
future environmental remediation costs with respect to each site to the extent such costs are reasonably 
estimable  and  probable. The  recorded 
future  environmental  costs  are 
undiscounted. The liability  includes future costs for remediation  and restoration of sites as well as any 
significant ongoing monitoring costs, but excludes any anticipated insurance recoveries. Payments related 
to these liabilities are expected to be made over the next several years.  Environmental remediation costs 
are included in materials, supplies and other on the consolidated income statements.

for  estimated 

liabilities 

Currently, the Company does not possess sufficient information to reasonably estimate the amounts 
of additional liabilities, if any, on some sites until completion of future environmental studies.  In addition, 
conditions that are currently unknown could, at any given location, result in additional exposure, the amount 
and  materiality  of  which  cannot  presently  be  reasonably  estimated.  Based  upon  information  currently 
available, however, the Company believes its environmental reserves accurately reflect the estimated cost 
of remedial actions currently required.

Other

Other reserves of $56 million and $50 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively, include liabilities for 
various  claims,  such  as  property,  automobile  and  general  liability. Also  included  in  other  reserves  are 
longshoremen disability claims related to a previously owned international shipping business (these claims 
are in runoff) as well as claims for current port employees.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.80

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 6.  Properties

A detail of the Company’s net properties are as follows:

(Dollars in Millions)
December 2017
Road

Accumulated Net Book
Depreciation

Value

Cost

Annual

Depreciation

Rate

Estimated
Useful Life
( Avg. Years)

Depreciation
Method (a)

Rail and Other Track
Material
Ties
Grading
Ballast
Bridges, Trestles, and
Culverts

Signals and Interlockers
Buildings
Other

Total Road

Equipment

Locomotive
Freight Cars

$

$ 7,694
5,665
2,662
2,994

(1,606) $
(1,446)
(542)
(921)

2,405

2,759
1,278
4,634
30,091

6,083
3,262

(356)

(588)
(464)
(1,867)
(7,790)

(2,490)
(998)

6,088
4,219
2,120
2,073

2,049

2,171
814
2,767
22,301

3,593
2,264

Work Equipment and Other

Total Equipment

 

Land
Construction In Progress
Total Properties

2,261
11,606
1,849
778
$ 44,324

$

(1,282)
(4,770)
—
—

979
6,836
1,849
778
(12,560) $ 31,764

2.5%
3.7%
1.4%
2.7%

1.6%

4.0%
2.5%
4.2%

3.5%
2.9%

7.4%

N/A
N/A

40
27
90
37

70

25
40
24

29
35

14

N/A
N/A

Group Life
Group Life
Group Life
Group Life

Group Life
Group Life/
Straight Line
Group Life
Group Life

Group Life
Group Life
Group Life/
Straight Line

N/A
N/A

(a) For depreciation method, certain asset categories contain intermodal terminals or technology-related assets, which are depreciated using
the straight-line method.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.81

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 6.  Properties, continued

(Dollars in Millions)
December 2016
Road

Accumulated Net Book
Depreciation

Value

Cost

Annual

Depreciation

Rate

Estimated
Useful Life
(Avg. Years)

Depreciation
Method (a)

Rail and Other Track
Material
Ties
Grading
Ballast
Bridges, Trestles, and
Culverts

Signals and Interlockers
Buildings
Other

Total Road

Equipment

Locomotive
Freight Cars

$

$ 7,326
5,368
2,600
2,897

(1,493) $
(1,292)
(514)
(860)

2,306

2,523
1,238
4,566
28,824

6,110
3,386

(317)

(496)
(447)
(1,905)
(7,324)

(2,504)
(1,046)

5,833
4,076
2,086
2,037

1,989

2,027
791
2,661
21,500

3,606
2,340

Work Equipment and Other

Total Equipment

Land
Construction In Progress
Other
Total Properties

 

2,108
11,604
1,833
913
53
$ 43,227

$

(1,190)
(4,740)
—
—
(13)

918
6,864
1,833
913
40
(12,077) $ 31,150

2.5%
3.7%
1.4%
2.7%

1.6%

4.0%
2.5%
4.2%

3.5%
2.9%

7.4%

N/A
N/A
N/A

40
27
90
37

70

25
40
24

29
35

14

N/A
N/A
32

Group Life
Group Life
Group Life
Group Life

Group Life
Group Life/
Straight Line
Group Life
Group Life

Group Life
Group Life

Group Life/
Straight Line

N/A
N/A

Straight Line

(a) For depreciation method, certain asset categories contain intermodal terminals or technology-related assets, which are depreciated using
the straight-line method.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.82

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 6.  Properties, continued

Capital Expenditures

The Company’s capital investment includes purchased and self-constructed assets and property 
additions that substantially extend the service life or increase the utility of those assets.  Indirect costs that 
can be specifically traced to capital projects are also capitalized. The Company is committed to maintaining 
and  improving  its  existing  infrastructure  and  expanding  its  network  capacity  for  long-term  growth. Rail 
operations  are  capital  intensive  and  CSX  accounts  for  these  costs  in  accordance  with  GAAP  and  the 
Company’s capitalization policy. All properties are stated at historical cost less an allowance for accumulated 
depreciation.

The Company’s largest category of capital investment is the replacement of track assets and the 
acquisition or construction of new assets that enable CSX to enhance its operations or provide new capacity 
offerings to its customers. These construction projects are primarily completed by CSXT employees. Costs 
for track asset replacement and capacity projects that are capitalized include:

labor costs, because many of the assets are self-constructed;
•
costs to purchase or construct new track or to prepare ground for the laying of track;
•
• welding (rail, field and plant) which are processes used to connect segments of rail;
•
•

new ballast, which is gravel and crushed stone that holds track in line;
fuels and lubricants associated with tie, rail and surfacing work which is the process of raising
track to a designated elevation over an extended distance;
cross, switch and bridge ties which are the braces that support the rails on a track;
gauging which is the process of standardizing the distance between rails;
handling costs associated with installing rail, ties or ballast;
usage charge of machinery and equipment utilized in construction or installation; and
other track materials.

•
•
•
•
•

The primary cost in self-constructed track replacement work is labor. CSXT engineering employees 
directly charge their labor to the track replacement project (the capitalized depreciable property). These 
employees concurrently perform deconstruction and installation of track material. Because of this concurrent 
process, CSX must estimate the amount of labor that is related to deconstruction versus installation.  Through 
analysis of CSXT’s track replacement process, CSX determined that approximately 20% of labor costs 
associated with track material installation is related to the deconstruction of old track and 80% is associated 
with the installation of new track.

Capital investment related to locomotives and freight cars comprises the second largest category of 
the Company’s capital assets. This category includes purchase costs of locomotives and freight cars as well 
as certain equipment leases that are considered to be capital leases in accordance with the Leases Topic 
in the ASC. In addition, costs to modify or rebuild these assets are capitalized if the investment incurred 
extends the asset’s service life or improves utilization. Improvement projects must meet specified dollar 
thresholds to be capitalized and are reviewed by management to determine proper accounting treatment. 
Routine repairs and maintenance costs, for all asset categories, are expensed as incurred.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.83

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 6.  Properties, continued

Depreciation Method

The depreciable assets of the Company are depreciated using either the group-life or straight-line 
method of accounting, which are both acceptable depreciation methods in accordance with GAAP. The 
Company depreciates its railroad assets, including main-line track, locomotives and freight cars, using the 
group-life method.  Assets depreciated under the group-life method comprise 86% of total fixed assets of 
$44 billion on a gross basis as of December 2017. The remaining depreciable assets of the Company, 
including non-railroad assets and assets under capital leases, are depreciated using the straight-line method 
on a per asset basis. Land is not depreciated.

The  group-life  method  aggregates  assets  with  similar  lives  and  characteristics  into  groups  and 
depreciates each of these groups as a whole. When using the group-life method, an underlying assumption 
is that each group of assets, as a whole, is used and depreciated to the end of its group’s recoverable life. 
The Company currently utilizes different depreciable asset categories to account for depreciation expense 
for the railroad assets that are depreciated under the group-life method. By utilizing various depreciable 
categories, the Company can more accurately account for the use of its assets.  All assets of the Company 
are depreciated on a time or life basis.

The  group-life  method  of  depreciation  closely  approximates  the  straight-line  method  of 
depreciation.  Additionally, due to the nature of most of its assets (e.g. track is one contiguous, connected 
asset), the Company believes that this is the most effective way to properly depreciate its assets.

Estimated Useful Life

Management performs a review of depreciation expense and useful lives on a regular basis. Under 
the group-life method, the service lives and salvage values for each group of assets are determined by 
completing periodic depreciation studies and applying management’s assumptions regarding the service 
lives of its properties. A depreciation study is the periodic review of asset service lives, salvage values, 
accumulated depreciation, and other related factors for group assets conducted by a third-party specialist, 
analyzed by the Company’s management and approved by the STB, the regulatory board that has broad 
jurisdiction over railroad practices.  The STB requires depreciation studies be performed every three years 
for equipment assets (e.g. locomotives and freight cars) and every six years for road and track assets (e.g. 
bridges, signals, rail, ties, and ballast). The Company believes the frequency currently required by the STB 
provides adequate review of asset service lives and that a more frequent review would not result in a material 
change due to the long-lived nature of most of the assets. In 2016, the Company completed a depreciation 
study for its equipment assets.  The Company plans to complete the next depreciation study for equipment 
assets in 2019 and road and track assets in 2020.  

Group-Life Assets Sales and Retirements 

Since the rail network is one contiguous, connected network it is impractical to maintain specific 
identification records for these assets. For track assets (e.g. rail, ties, and ballast), CSX utilizes a first-in, 
first-out approach to asset retirements. Equipment assets (e.g. locomotives and freight cars) are specifically 
identified at retirement. When an equipment asset is retired that has been depreciated using the group-life 
method, the cost is reduced from the cost base and recorded in accumulated depreciation.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.84

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 6.  Properties, continued

For sales or retirements of assets depreciated under the group-life method that occur in the ordinary 
course of business, the asset cost (net of salvage value or sales proceeds) is charged to accumulated 
depreciation and no gain or loss is immediately recognized.  This practice is consistent with accounting 
treatment normally prescribed under the group-life method. As part of the depreciation study, an assessment 
of the recorded amount of accumulated depreciation is made to determine if it is deficient (or in excess) of 
the appropriate amount indicated by the study. Any such deficiency (or excess), including any deferred gains 
or losses, is amortized as a component of depreciation expense over the remaining service life of the asset 
group until the next required depreciation study. Since the overall assumption with the group-life method is 
that the assets within the group on average have the same service life and characteristics, it is therefore 
concluded that the deferred gains and losses offset over time.

For sales or retirements of assets depreciated under the group-life method that do not occur in the 
ordinary course of business, a gain or loss may be recognized if the sale or retirement meets each of the 
following three criteria: (i) it is unusual, (ii) it is material in amount, and (iii) it varies significantly from the 
retirement profile identified through our depreciation studies. No material gains or losses were recognized 
on the sale of assets depreciated using the group-life method in 2017, 2016, or 2015.  

Land and Straight-line Assets Sales and Retirements 

A gain or loss is recognized in operating income when we sell or retire land, land-related easements 
or assets depreciated under the straight-line method. In 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized gains on 
the  sale  of  operating  properties  of  $14  million  and  $110  million,  respectively,  which  are  recognized  in 
materials,  supplies  and  other  on  the  consolidated  statements  of  income.  During  2015,  the  Company 
recognized a gain of $59 million related to the sale of non-operating easements, which is recognized in other 
income on the consolidated statements of income. (For additional information regarding cost reimbursements 
related to this sale, see Note 10, Other Income.) 

Impairment Review

Properties and other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or business 
conditions indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. Initial assessments of 
recoverability are based on estimates of undiscounted future net cash flows associated with an asset or a 
group of assets in accordance with the Property, Plant, and Equipment Topic in the ASC. Where impairment 
is indicated, the assets are evaluated and their carrying amount is reduced to fair value based on discounted 
net cash flows or other estimates of fair value. In 2017, impairment expense of $25 million was recorded in 
materials, supplies and other expense primarily due to the discontinuation of certain in-progress projects. 
There were no material impairments recorded during 2016 or 2015.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.85

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 7.  Commitments and Contingencies

Lease Commitments

The Company has various lease agreements with other parties with terms up to 30 years. Non-
cancelable, long-term leases may include provisions for maintenance, options to purchase and options to 
extend  the  terms. Rent  expense  on  operating  leases  is  included  in  equipment  and  other  rents  on  the 
consolidated income statements. The Company uses the straight-line method to recognize rent expense 
on operating leases that include escalations over their terms. These amounts are shown in the table below.

(Dollars in Millions)
Rent Expense on Operating Leases (a)

(a) Prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

2015

$

78 $

77 $

86

At December 2017, minimum rentals on land, buildings, track and equipment under operating leases 
are disclosed in the table below. Also, payments to Conrail for leases on shared rail infrastructure are included 
in these amounts. (See Note 12, Related Party Transactions). 
 (Dollars in Millions)
Years
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total

Commitments
65
61
47
42
38
122
375

68 $
64
50
45
41
128
396 $

(3) $
(3)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(6)
(21) $

Operating
Leases

Sublease
Income

Net Lease

$

$

Purchase Commitments

CSXT has a commitment under a long-term maintenance program agreement that covers a portion 
of CSXT’s fleet of locomotives. The program costs are based on the maintenance cycle for each covered 
locomotive, which is determined by the asset's age and type. Expected future costs may change as required 
maintenance schedules are revised and locomotives are placed into or removed from service. Under CSXT’s 
current obligations, the agreement will expire no earlier than 2031. 

At the end of 2016, the future commitment totaled $4.9 billion and after modifications to the agreement 
and ordinary activity throughout the year, the total commitment at December 31, 2017 was significantly 
reduced to $3.7 billion. In August 2017, the Company exercised certain rights under the agreement, which 
resulted in a reduction of locomotive fleet covered and reduced the future commitment at the end of the 
third quarter 2017. However, another modification was made on December 22, 2017 that superseded the 
previous modification, increasing the total commitment to $3.7 billion at the end of the year. About 50 percent 
of the locomotive fleet is covered under this agreement.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.86

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 7.  Commitments and Contingencies, continued

The following table summarizes the number of locomotives covered and CSXT’s payments under 

the long-term maintenance program.

(Dollars in Millions)
Amounts Paid
Number of Locomotives

Fiscal Years
2016
230 $

2017
197 $

2,062

2,243

2015
233
2,310

$

As of December 2017, the Company has no outstanding locomotive purchase obligations. Annual 

payments related to the long-term locomotive maintenance program are estimated in the table below.

Additionally, the Company has various other commitments to purchase technology, communications, 
railcar maintenance and other services from various suppliers. Total annual payments under all of these 
purchase commitments are also estimated in the table below.

(Dollars in Millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total

Locomotive
Maintenance
Payments

171
162
218
223
225
2,716
3,715

$

$

Other

Commitments
119
$
67
35
35
33
213
502

$

Total

290
229
253
258
258
2,929
4,217

$

$

Insurance

The Company maintains numerous insurance programs with substantial limits for property damage 
(which includes business interruption) and third-party liability.  A certain amount of risk is retained by the 
Company on each of the property and liability programs. The Company has a $25 million retention per 
occurrence for the non-catastrophic property program (such as a derailment) and a $50 million retention 
per occurrence for the liability and catastrophic property programs (such as hurricanes and floods). While 
the Company believes its insurance coverage is adequate, future claims could exceed existing insurance 
coverage or insurance may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.87

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 7.  Commitments and Contingencies, continued

Legal

The Company is involved in litigation incidental to its business and is a party to a number of legal 
actions and claims, various governmental proceedings and private civil lawsuits, including, but not limited 
to, those related to fuel surcharge practices, tax matters, environmental and hazardous material exposure 
matters, FELA and labor claims by current or former employees, other personal injury or property claims 
and  disputes  and  complaints  involving  certain  transportation  rates  and  charges.  Some  of  the  legal 
proceedings include claims for compensatory as well as punitive damages and others are, or are purported 
to be, class actions. While the final outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, considering, 
among other things, the legal defenses available and liabilities that have been recorded along with applicable 
insurance, it is currently the opinion of management that none of these pending items will have a material 
adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. An unexpected adverse 
resolution of one or more of these items, however, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity in that particular period.

The Company is able to estimate a range of possible loss for certain legal proceedings for which a 
loss is reasonably possible in excess of reserves established. The Company has estimated this range to 
be $2 million to $117 million in aggregate at December 31, 2017. This estimated aggregate range is based 
upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions. 
Accordingly, the Company's estimate will change from time to time, and actual losses may vary significantly 
from the current estimate.

Fuel Surcharge Antitrust Litigation

In May 2007, class action lawsuits were filed against CSXT and three other U.S.-based Class I 
railroads alleging that the defendants' fuel surcharge practices relating to contract and unregulated traffic 
resulted from an illegal conspiracy in violation of antitrust laws. In November 2007, the class action lawsuits 
were consolidated in federal court in the District of Columbia, where they are now pending. The suit seeks 
treble damages allegedly sustained by purported class members as well as attorneys' fees and other relief. 
Plaintiffs are expected to allege damages at least equal to the fuel surcharges at issue. 

In June 2012, the District Court certified the case as a class action. The decision was not a ruling 
on the merits of plaintiffs' claims, but rather a decision to allow the plaintiffs to seek to prove the case as a 
class. The defendant railroads petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit for permission to 
appeal the District Court's class certification decision. In August 2013, the D.C. Circuit issued a decision 
vacating the class certification decision and remanded the case to the District Court to reconsider its class 
certification decision. On October 10, 2017, the District Court issued an order denying class certification. 
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit is reviewing the District Court’s decision. The District Court 
has not yet issued a further schedule on proceedings on the merits.

CSXT believes that its fuel surcharge practices were arrived at and applied lawfully and that the case 
is without merit. Accordingly, the Company intends to defend itself vigorously. However, penalties for violating 
antitrust laws can be severe, and resolution of this matter or an unexpected adverse decision on the merits 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity 
in that particular period.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.88

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 7.  Commitments and Contingencies, continued

Environmental

CSXT is indemnifying Pharmacia LLC (formerly known as Monsanto Company) for certain liabilities 
associated with real estate located in Kearny, New Jersey along the Lower Passaic River (the “Property”). 
The Property, which was formerly owned by Pharmacia, is now owned by CSXT. CSXT's indemnification 
and defense duties arise with respect to several matters. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA"), 
using its CERCLA authority, seeks cleanup and removal costs and other damages associated with the 
presence of hazardous substances in the 17-mile Lower Passaic River Study Area (the "Study Area”). CSXT, 
on  behalf  of  Pharmacia,  and  a  significant  number  of  other  potentially  responsible  parties  are  together 
conducting a Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study of the Study Area pursuant to an Administrative 
Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent with the EPA. 

In March 2016, EPA issued its Record of Decision detailing the agency’s mandated remedial process 
for the lower 8 miles of the Study Area, which was based on a Focused Feasibility Study. EPA has estimated 
that it will take the potentially responsible parties approximately ten years to complete the work. EPA is 
currently in discussions with various potentially responsible parties to seek their agreement to pay for or 
perform the work. At a later date, EPA will select a remedy for the remainder of the Study Area and is expected 
to again seek the participation of private parties to implement the selected remedy using EPA’s CERCLA 
authority to compel such participation, if necessary. 

CSXT is also defending and indemnifying Pharmacia in a cooperative natural resource damages 
assessment process related to the Property. Based on currently available information, the Company does 
not believe any indemnification or remediation costs potentially allocable to CSXT with respect to the Property 
and the Study Area would be material to the Company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans

The  Company  sponsors  defined  benefit  pension  plans  principally  for  salaried,  management 
personnel. For employees hired prior to 2003, the plans provide eligible employees with retirement benefits 
based predominantly on years of service and compensation rates near retirement. For employees hired in 
2003 or thereafter, benefits are determined based on a cash balance formula, which provides benefits by 
utilizing interest and pay credits based upon age, service and compensation. 

In addition to these plans, the Company sponsors a post-retirement medical plan and a life insurance 
plan that provide certain benefits to full-time, salaried, management employees hired prior to 2003, upon 
their retirement if certain eligibility requirements are met. Eligible retirees who are age 65 years or older 
(Medicare-eligible)  are  covered  by  a  health  reimbursement  arrangement,  which  is  an  employer-funded 
account that can be used for reimbursement of eligible medical expenses. Eligible retirees younger than 65 
years (non-Medicare eligible) are covered by a self-insured program partially funded by participating retirees. 
The life insurance plan is non-contributory.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.89

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans, continued

The Company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses 
relating to these plans subject to the assumptions that the Company determines are appropriate based on 
historical trends, current market rates and future projections. These amounts are reviewed by management. 
In order to perform this valuation, the actuaries are provided with the details of the population covered at 
the beginning of the year, summarized in the table below, and projects that population forward to the end 
of the year. 

Summary of Participants as of

January 1, 2017

Pension
Plans

Post-retirement
Medical Plan

458
Active Employees
9,940
Retirees and Beneficiaries
Other(a)
36
Total
10,434
(a) For pension plans, the other category consists mostly of terminated but vested former employees.  For post-retirement plans, the other category

3,744
12,723
3,591
20,058

consists of employees on long-term disability that have not yet retired.

The benefit obligation for these plans represents the liability of the Company for current and retired 

employees and is affected primarily by the following:

•
•
•

•

service cost (benefits attributed to employee service during the period);
interest cost (interest on the liability due to the passage of time);
actuarial gains/losses (experience during the year different from that assumed and changes in
plan assumptions); and
benefits paid to participants.

Cash Flows

Plan assets are amounts that have been segregated and restricted to provide qualified pension plan 
benefits and include amounts contributed by the Company and amounts earned from invested contributions, 
net of benefits paid. Qualified pension plan obligations are funded in accordance with regulatory requirements 
and with an objective of meeting or exceeding minimum funding requirements necessary to avoid restrictions 
on flexibility of plan operation and benefit payments. The Company funds the cost of the post-retirement 
medical and life insurance benefits as well as nonqualified pension benefits on a pay-as-you go basis. No
qualified pension plan contributions were made during 2015 and 2017. Although no contributions to the 
Company's qualified pension plans were required, CSX made voluntary contributions totaling $250 million
during 2016. No contributions to the Company's qualified pension plans are expected in 2018.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.90

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans, continued

Future expected benefit payments are as follows:

(Dollars in Millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023-2026
Total

Expected Cash Flows

Pension
Benefits

Post-retirement

Benefits

$

198 $
193
189
186
183
888

$

1,837 $

38
28
26
24
22
76
214

Plan Assets

The CSX Investment Committee (the “Investment Committee”), whose members are selected by 
the  Chief  Financial  Officer,  is  responsible  for  oversight  and  investment  of  plan  assets. The  Investment 
Committee utilizes an investment asset allocation strategy that is monitored on an ongoing basis and updated 
periodically in consideration of plan or employee changes, or changing market conditions. Periodic studies 
provide an extensive modeling of asset investment return in conjunction with projected plan liabilities and 
seek to evaluate how to maximize return within the constraints of acceptable risk. The current asset allocation 
targets 70% equity investments and 30% fixed income investments and cash. Within equity, a further target 
is currently established for 42% of total plan assets in domestic equity and 28% in international equity.  
Allocations  are  evaluated  for  levels  within  3%  of  targeted  allocations  and  are  adjusted  quarterly  as 
necessary. The distribution of pension plan assets as of the measurement date is shown in the table below, 
and these assets are reported net of pension liabilities on the balance sheet. 

(Dollars in Millions)
Equity
Fixed Income
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Total

December 2017

December 2016

Amount

Percent of
Total Assets

Amount

$

$

2,060
729
44
2,833

73% $
26
1

100% $

1,806
665
68
2,539

Percent of
Total Assets
71%
26
3

100%

Under the supervision of the Investment Committee, individual investments or fund managers are 
selected  in  accordance  with  standards  of  prudence  applicable  to  asset  diversification  and  investment 
suitability. The Company also selects fund managers with differing investment styles and benchmarks their 
investment 
is  continuously 
monitored. Acceptable performance is determined in the context of the long-term return objectives of the 
fund and appropriate asset class benchmarks.

returns  against  appropriate 

investment  performance 

indices. Fund 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.91

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans, continued

Within the Company's equity funds, domestic stock is diversified among large and small capitalization 
stocks. International stock is diversified in a similar manner as well as in developed versus emerging markets 
stocks. Guidelines established with individual managers limit investment by industry sectors, individual stock 
issuer concentration and the use of derivatives and CSX securities.

Fixed  income  securities  guidelines  established  with  individual  managers  specify  the  types  of 
allowable investments, such as government, corporate and asset-backed bonds, target certain allocation 
ranges for domestic and foreign investments and limit the use of certain derivatives. Additionally, guidelines 
stipulate minimum credit quality constraints and any prohibited securities. For detailed information regarding 
the fair value of pension assets, see Note 13, Fair Value Measurements.

Benefit Obligation, Plan Assets and Funded Status

Changes in benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for the 2017 and 2016 calendar plan 

years are as follows:

(Dollars in Millions)
Actuarial Present Value of Benefit Obligation
Accumulated Benefit Obligation
Projected Benefit Obligation
Change in Projected Benefit Obligation:
Projected Benefit Obligation at Beginning of Plan 
Year
Service Cost
Interest Cost
Plan Participants' Contributions
Workforce Reduction Program/Curtailment
Actuarial Loss (Gain)
Benefits Paid
Benefit Obligation at End of Plan Year
Change in Plan Assets:
Fair Value of Plan Assets at Beginning of Plan Year
Actual Return on Plan Assets
Qualified Employer Contributions
Non-qualified Employer Contributions
Plan Participants' Contributions
Benefits Paid
Fair Value of Plan Assets at End of Plan Year
Funded Status at End of Plan Year

$

$

$

$

$

Pension Benefits

Plan Year

2017

Plan Year

2016

Post-retirement Benefits
Plan Year
Plan Year

2017

2016

2,873 $
3,002

2,717
2,871 $

2,871 $

36
92
—
58
163
(218)
3,002 $

2,539 $

467
—
45
—
(218)
2,833
(169) $

2,860 $

48
119
—
—
20
(176)
2,871 $

2,309 $

139
250
17
—
(176)
2,539
(332) $

N/A
250 $

274 $

2
7
7
13
(17)
(36)
250 $

— $
—
—
29
7
(36)
—

(250) $

N/A
274

314
2
12
6
—
(22)
(38)
274

—
—
—
32
6
(38)
—
(274)

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.92

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans, continued

For qualified plan funding purposes, assets and discounted liabilities are measured in accordance 
with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA"), as well as other related provisions of the IRC 
and  related  regulations. Under  these  funding  provisions  and  the  alternative  measurements  available 
thereunder, the Company estimates its unfunded obligation for qualified plans on an annual basis.

In accordance with Compensation-Retirement Benefits Topic in the ASC, an employer must recognize 
the funded status of a pension or other post-retirement benefit plan by recording a liability (underfunded 
plan)  or  asset  (overfunded  plan)  for  the  difference  between  the  projected  benefit  obligation  (or  the 
accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for a post-retirement benefit plan) and the fair value of plan 
assets at the plan measurement date. Amounts related to pension and post-retirement benefits recorded in 
other long-term assets, labor and fringe benefits payable and other long-term liabilities on the balance sheet 
are as follows:

(Dollars in Millions)
Amounts Recorded in Consolidated
Balance Sheets:
Long-term Assets (a)
Current Liabilities
Long-term Liabilities
Net Amount Recognized in

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Pension Benefits

December

December

Post-retirement Benefits
December
December

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

57 $
(15)
(211)

9 $

(15)
(326)

— $
(38)
(212)

(169) $

(332) $

(250) $

—
(39)
(235)

(274)

(a) Long-term assets as of December 2017 and 2016 relate to qualified pension plans where assets exceed projected benefit obligations.

At December 2017, the fair value of plan assets for all qualified pension plans exceeded the benefit 
obligation. At  December  2017,  benefit  obligations  of  the  unfunded  CSX  non-qualified  pension  plans  is 
disclosed below. 

(Dollars in Millions)
Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets
Projected Benefit Obligation
Accumulated Benefit Obligation

Aggregate
Fair Value

Aggregate

of Plan Assets Benefit Obligation
(226)
$
(216)

— $
—

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.93

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans, continued

Net Benefit Expense

The following table describes the components of expense/(income) related to net benefit expense 

recorded in labor and fringe on the income statement.

(Dollars in Millions)
Service Cost
Interest Cost
Expected Return on Plan Assets
Amortization of Net Loss
Amortization of Prior Service Cost
Net Periodic Benefit Expense
Special Termination Benefits - Workforce
Reduction Program/Curtailment
Settlement Loss (Gain)
Total Expense

Pension Benefits

Fiscal Years

Post-retirement Benefits

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

$

36 $
92
(171)
41
—
(2)

48 $
119
(157)
48
—
58

45 $
116
(162)
70
—
69

60
11
69 $

—
(1)
57 $

7
(2)
74 $

2 $
7
—
—
—
9

13
—
22 $

2 $
12
—
3
—
17

—
—
17 $

2
12
—
4
(1)
17

—
—
17

As a result of the management workforce reduction programs initiated in 2017, $85 million in charges 
were incurred related to special termination benefits, curtailment and settlement changes. In 2017, the 
Company recorded special termination pension benefits of $56 million and remeasured the pension and 
other post-retirement benefits assets and obligations and recorded a curtailment loss of $4 million and $13 
million, respectively, in restructuring charge on the income statement. 

Pension settlement losses (gains) were recognized as a result of lump-sum payments to retirees 
exceeding  the  sum  of  the  plan’s  service  and  interest  cost. The  Company  recorded  an  $11  million  net 
settlement loss in 2017, of which a $12 million loss resulted from the retirements of former executives and 
is reported in restructuring charge on the income statement. The other settlement gains in 2017, 2016 and 
2015 were from one of the Company’s qualified pension plans with insignificant balances and were recorded 
in labor and fringe expense on the income statement.

The  special  termination  benefits  in  2015  resulted  from  the  management  workforce  reduction 
programs initiated in 2014. For additional information regarding the management workforce reductions, see 
Note 1, Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.94

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans, continued

Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits Adjustments

The following table shows the pre-tax change in other comprehensive loss (income) attributable to 
the components of net expense and the change in benefit obligation for CSX for pension and other post-
employment benefits.

(Dollars in Millions)
Components of Other Comprehensive
Loss (Income)
Recognized in the balance sheet

(Gains) Losses

Expense (Income) recognized in the income
statement

Amortization of net losses (a)
Settlement gain
Curtailment loss

Pension Benefits

Post-retirement

Benefits

December

December

December

December

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

(131) $

38 $

(17) $

(22)

41 $
11
4

48 $
(1)
—

— $
—
—

3
—
—

(a)  Amortization of net losses estimated to be expensed for 2018 is approximately $43 million for pension benefits.

As of December 2017, the balances of pre-tax losses to be amortized related to the Company's 
pension and post-retirement obligations are $705 million and $7 million, respectively. These amounts are 
included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of shareholders’ equity.

Assumptions

The expected long-term average rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings 
expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit 
obligation. In estimating that rate, the Company gives appropriate consideration to the returns being earned 
by the plan assets in the funds and the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment as well 
as the current and projected asset mix of the funds. Management balances market expectations obtained 
from various investment managers and economists with both market and actual plan historical returns to 
develop  a  reasonable  estimate  of  the  expected  long-term  rate  of  return  on  assets. This  assumption  is 
reviewed annually and adjusted as deemed appropriate. 

Beginning in 2017, the Company measured the service cost and interest cost components of the 
net pension and post-retirement benefits expense by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash 
flows for each future year instead of a single weighted-average discount rate approach, which has been 
used in prior years. 

The Company made this change to improve the correlation between projected pension and post-
retirement benefit obligation cash flows and the corresponding spot discount rates and to provide a more 
precise measurement of service and interest costs. Under the spot rate approach, individual spot discount 
rates along the same high-quality corporate bonds yield curve used to measure the pension and post-
retirement benefit obligations are applied to the relevant projected cash flows at the relevant maturity. The 
use of the spot rate approach does not affect the measurement of the pension and post-retirement benefits 
obligations. The Company accounted for this change on a prospective basis as a change in accounting 
estimate. For 2017, the adoption of the spot rate approach decreased the Company's net pension and post-
retirement benefits expense by approximately $25 million compared to the approach applicable in prior 
years.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.95

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 8.  Employee Benefit Plans, continued

The weighted averages of assumptions used by the Company to value its pension and post-retirement 

obligations were as follows:

Expected Long-term Return on Plan Assets:
Benefit Cost for Current Plan Year
Benefit Cost for Subsequent Plan Year

Discount Rates:
Benefit Cost for Plan Year
Service Cost for Plan Year
Interest Cost for Plan Year
Benefit Obligation at End of Plan Year

Pension Benefits
2017
2016

Post-retirement Benefits

2017

2016

6.75%
6.75%

—%

4.26% (a)
3.26% (a)
3.56%

7.00%
6.75%

—%
4.30%
4.30%
4.08%

N/A
N/A

—%

4.11% (b)
2.78% (b)
3.34%

N/A
N/A

—%
3.85%
3.85%
3.71%

Salary Scale Inflation
N/A
(a) The pension benefits service cost and interest cost for 2017 were based on a weighted average discount rate of 4.35% and 3.37%, respectively,
prior to the management workforce reduction program initiated in 2017 and were reduced to 4.26% and 3.26%, respectively, after the Company
remeasured the pension benefits obligation and pension plan assets in the second quarter of 2017.

4.60%

(b) The post-retirement benefits service cost and interest cost for 2017 were based on a weighted average discount rate of 4.20% and 2.88%,
respectively, prior to the management workforce reduction program initiated in 2017 and were reduced to 4.11% and 2.78%, respectively, after
the Company remeasured the other post-retirement benefits obligation in the first quarter of 2017.

4.60%

N/A

The impact of the health care cost trend rate is immaterial to the post-retirement benefit cost and 

obligation due to the plan's health reimbursement arrangement that covers Medicare-eligible retirees. 

Other Plans

Under collective bargaining agreements, the Company participates in a multi-employer benefit plan, 
which provides certain post-retirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible contract employees. 
Premiums under this plan are expensed as incurred and amounted to $40 million, $35 million and $32 million 
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The  Company  maintains  savings  plans  for  virtually  all  full-time  salaried  employees  and  certain 
employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. Expense associated with these plans was $39 
million, $35 million and $36 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is included in labor and fringe 
expense on the consolidated income statement.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.96

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 9.  Debt and Credit Agreements

Debt at December 2017 and December 2016 is shown in the table below. For information regarding 

the fair value of debt, see Note 13, Fair Value Measurements.

Maturity at 
December

Average
Interest
Rates at
December December December

(Dollars in Millions)
Notes
Equipment Obligations(a)
Capital Leases
Subtotal Long-term Debt (including current portion)
Less Debt Due within One Year
Long-term Debt (excluding current portion)
(a) Equipment obligations are secured by an interest in certain railroad equipment.

2017

2020-2066
2018-2023
2018-2026

2017
4.3%
6.3%
16.2%

2017
11,591 $

213
5

11,809 $

(19)

11,790 $

2016
11,055
232
6
11,293
(331)
10,962

$

$

$

Debt Issuance & Early Redemption of Long-term Debt

In May 2017, CSX issued $850 million of 3.25% notes due 2027. These notes are included in the 
consolidated balance sheets under long-term debt and may be redeemed by the Company at any time. The 
net proceeds have been or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include repurchases of 
CSX's common stock, capital investment, working capital requirements, improvement in productivity and 
other cost reductions at CSX’s major transportation units.

During 2016, the Company issued $2.2 billion of new debt and repurchased $1.4 billion of certain 
notes that were expected to mature in 2017, 2018 and 2019 resulting in a net increase in debt of $800 million 
related to these transactions. CSX issued $700 million of 2.60% notes due 2026, $800 million of 3.80% 
notes due 2046, and $700 million of 4.25% notes due 2066 (collectively, the “2016 issuances”). These notes 
are included in the consolidated balance sheets under long-term debt and may be redeemed by the Company 
at any time at the applicable redemption premium. 

The net proceeds of the 2016 issuances were used to fully redeem $300 million of 5.60% notes that 
otherwise would have matured on May 1, 2017; $600 million of 6.25% notes that otherwise would have 
matured on March 15, 2018; and $500 million of 7.375% notes that otherwise would have matured on 
February 1, 2019. The remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, which may include 
repurchases  of  CSX’s  common  stock,  capital  investment,  pension  contributions,  working  capital 
requirements, improvements in productivity and other cost reductions at CSX’s major transportation units. 
The transactions noted above were determined to be an extinguishment of the existing debt, resulting in 
recognition of $115 million of debt repurchase expense in 2016 related to $1.4 billion of note repayments.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.97

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 9.  Debt and Credit Agreements, continued

Long-term Debt Maturities (Net of Discounts, Premiums and Issuance Costs)
(Dollars in Millions)
Fiscal Years Ending
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total Long-term Debt Maturities, including current portion

$

$

Maturities as of
December 2017

19
18
745
371
162
10,494
11,809

Credit Facilities

CSX has a $1 billion unsecured, revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks. This 
facility expires in May 2020, and as of the date of this filing, the Company has no outstanding balances 
under this facility. The facility allows borrowings at floating (LIBOR-based) interest rates, plus a spread, 
depending upon CSX's senior unsecured debt ratings. LIBOR is the London Interbank Offered Rate which 
is a daily reference rate based on the interest rates at which banks offer to lend unsecured funds. 

Commitment fees and interest rates payable under the facility were similar to fees and rates available 
to  comparably  rated  investment-grade  borrowers. At  December  2017,  CSX  was  in  compliance  with  all 
covenant requirements under the facility. 

Receivables Securitization Facility

The Company has a receivables securitization facility with a three-year term scheduled to expire in 
September 2019. The purpose of this facility is to provide an alternative to commercial paper and a low cost 
source of short-term liquidity of up to $200 million, depending on eligible receivables balances. Under the 
terms of this facility, CSXT transfers eligible third-party receivables to CSX Trade Receivables, LLC, a 
bankruptcy-remote special purpose subsidiary. A separate subsidiary of CSX services the receivables. Upon 
transfer, the receivables become assets of CSX Trade Receivables and are not available to the creditors of 
CSX or any of its other subsidiaries. In the event CSX Trade Receivables draws under this facility, the 
Company will record an equivalent amount of debt on its consolidated financial statements. As of December 
30, 2017 and the date of this filing, the Company has no outstanding balances under this facility.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.98

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 10.  Other Income - Net

The Company derives income from items that are not considered operating activities. Income from 
these items is reported net of related expense. Miscellaneous income (expense) includes investment gains 
and losses, certain non-operating equity earnings or losses and other non-operating activities and may 
fluctuate due to timing. 

As substantially all real estate activities are focused on supporting railroad operations, beginning in 
first quarter 2017, all results of these activities are included in operating income. Previously, these activities 
were classified as operating or non-operating based on the nature of the activity. As the results of these 
activities were not material for any periods presented, prior periods have not been reclassified.

Interest Income increased from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to higher yields on investment securities. 

Income from real estate operations were recorded as part of operating expenses during 2017. 

Other income – net consisted of the following:

(Dollars in Millions)
Interest Income
Income from Non-operating Real Estate Activities
Miscellaneous Income (Expense)

Total Other Income (Expense) - Net

Gross Revenue from Real Estate

Operations included above

NOTE 11.  Income Taxes

2017

Fiscal Years 

2016

2015

10 $
27
9
46 $

56 $

6
83
9
98

104

13 $
—
8
21 $

— $

$

$

$

Earnings before income taxes of $3.1 billion, $2.7 billion and $3.1 billion for fiscal years 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively, represent earnings from domestic operations.  The breakdown of income tax expense 
between current and deferred is as follows:

(Dollars in Millions)
Current:
Federal
State
Subtotal Current
Deferred:
Federal
State
Subtotal Deferred
Total

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

$

$

787 $
117
904

540 $
82
622

(3,277)
44
(3,233)
(2,329) $

355
50
405

1,027 $

619
95
714

414
42
456
1,170

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.99

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 11.  Income Taxes, continued

Income tax expense reconciled to the tax computed at statutory rates is presented in the table 
below. With the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Act" or "tax reform") on December 22, 2017, 
the Company's 2017 financial results included a $3.5 billion, or $3.81 per share, non-cash reduction in 
income tax expense, primarily resulting from revaluing the Company's net deferred tax liabilities to reflect 
the recently enacted 21% federal corporate tax rate effective January 1, 2018. These estimates are based 
on the Company's initial analysis of the Act and may be adjusted in future periods as required. The Act has 
significant complexity and implementation guidance from the Internal Revenue Service, clarifications of state 
tax law and the completion of the Company’s 2017 tax return filings could all impact these estimates. The 
Company does not believe potential adjustments in future periods would materially impact the Company's 
financial condition or results of operations. The provisions of the Act related to foreign earnings will not 
impact CSX. 

The Company's affiliates also revalued their deferred tax liabilities to reflect the lower federal corporate 
tax rate, which resulted in the Company recognizing a benefit of $142 million, or $0.10 per share after-tax, 
in equity earnings of affiliates, which is included in operating income. (See additional discussion over equity 
earnings of affiliates in Note 12, Related Parties and Affiliates.)

In addition to the tax benefit related to tax reform, the Company recorded a 2017 income tax benefit 
of $21 million primarily as a result of the additional tax benefit associated with vesting of share-based awards, 
state legislative changes, a change in the apportionment of state taxable income and the related impact on 
the valuation of deferred taxes, and the settlement of certain state tax matters. In 2016, the Company 
recorded an income tax expense adjustment of $10 million as a result of a change in the apportionment of 
state income taxes and the related impact on the valuation of deferred taxes as well as a $7 million tax 
benefit as a result of federal and state legislative changes. In 2015, the Company recorded a tax benefit of 
$4 million primarily as a result of federal and state legislative changes as well as the resolution of federal 
and state tax matters. 

(Dollars In Millions)

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

Federal Income Taxes
State Income Taxes
Deferred Tax Rate Change
Other
Income Tax (Benefit) Expense/Rate

$ 1,100
102
(3,506)
(25)
$ (2,329)

35.0 % $
959
3.2 %
83
(111.6)%
—
(0.8)%
(15)
(74.2)% $ 1,027

35.0 % $ 1,098
3.0 %
86
—
— %
(0.5)%
(14)
37.5 % $ 1,170

35.0 %
2.7 %
— %
(0.4)%
37.3 %

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.100

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 11.  Income Taxes, continued

The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities include:

(Dollars in Millions)
Pension Plans
Other Employee Benefit Plans
Accelerated Depreciation
Other
Total
Net Deferred Income Tax Liabilities

2017

2016

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

$

$

41 $
182
—
657
880 $
$

— $
—
6,576
722

7,298 $
6,418

125 $
272
—
225
622 $
$

Liabilities
—
—
9,925
293
10,218
9,596

The primary factors in the change in year-end net deferred income tax liability balances include:
•

annual provision for deferred income tax expense including the impact of the recently enacted
federal corporate tax rate change from 35 percent to 21 percent, and
accumulated other comprehensive income/loss.

•

The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return, which includes its principal domestic 
subsidiaries. CSX and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple 
state jurisdictions. CSX participated in a contemporaneous IRS audit of tax years 2016 and 2017. Federal 
examinations of original federal income tax returns for all years through 2015 are resolved.

As of December 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company had approximately $24 million, $25 million and 
$23 million, respectively, of total unrecognized tax benefits as a result of uncertain tax positions. Net tax 
benefits of $19 million, $16 million and $15 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, could favorably 
impact the effective income tax rate in each year. The Company does not expect that unrecognized tax 
benefits as of December 2017 for various state and federal income tax matters will significantly change over 
the next 12 months. The final outcome of these uncertain tax positions is not yet determinable. The change 
to the total gross unrecognized tax benefits and prior year audit resolutions of the Company during the fiscal 
year ended December 2017 is reconciled in the table below.

Unrecognized Tax Benefits:
(Dollars in Millions)
Balance at beginning of the year
Additions based on tax positions related to current year
Additions based on tax positions related to prior years
Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years
Settlements with taxing authorities
Lapse of statute of limitations
Balance at end of the year

2017

Fiscal Year

2016

2015

$

$

25 $
1
4
—
(4)
(2)
24 $

23 $
1
4
—
—
(3)
25 $

21
1
4
—
1
(4)
23

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.101

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 11.  Income Taxes, continued

CSX’s continuing practice is to recognize net interest and penalties related to income tax matters in 
income tax expense. Included in the consolidated income statements are expenses of $3 million, $2 million
and $2 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for changes to reserves for interest and penalties for 
all prior year tax positions. The Company had $6 million, $6 million and $4 million accrued for interest and 
penalties at 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for all prior year tax positions.

NOTE 12.  Related Parties and Affiliates

Conrail

Through a limited liability company, CSX and Norfolk Southern Corporation (“NS”) jointly own Conrail. 
CSX has a 42% economic interest and 50% voting interest in the jointly-owned entity, and NS has the 
remainder  of  the  economic  and  voting  interests. Pursuant  to  the  Investments-Equity  Method  and  Joint 
Venture Topic in the ASC, CSX applies the equity method of accounting to its investment in Conrail.

Conrail owns rail infrastructure and operates for the joint benefit of CSX and NS. This is known as 
the shared asset area. Conrail charges fees for right-of-way usage, equipment rentals and transportation, 
switching and terminal service charges in the shared asset area. These expenses are included in materials, 
supplies and other on the consolidated income statements.  Future minimum lease payments due to Conrail 
under the shared asset area agreements are shown in the table below. 

(Dollars in Millions)
Years
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total

Conrail Shared
Asset Agreement

$

$

27
27
27
27
27
48
183

Also, included in equity earnings of affiliates are CSX’s 42 percent share of Conrail’s income and its 
amortization  of  the  fair  value  write-up  arising  from  the  acquisition  of  Conrail  and  certain  other 
adjustments. The amortization primarily represents the additional after-tax depreciation expense related to 
the write-up of Conrail’s fixed assets when the original purchase price, from the 1997 acquisition of Conrail, 
was allocated based on fair value. This write-up of fixed assets resulted in a difference between CSX's 
investment in Conrail and its share of Conrail's underlying net equity, which is $347 million as of December 
2017.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.102

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 12.  Related Parties and Affiliates, continued

The following table discloses amounts related to Conrail. Purchase price amortization and equity 

earnings are included in equity earnings of affiliates and all other amounts in the table are included in 
materials, supplies and other expenses on the Company’s consolidated income statements. 
Fiscal Years 

(Dollars in Millions)
Rents, fees and services
Purchase price amortization and other
Equity earnings of Conrail
Total Conrail Expense

2017

2016

2015

120 $

4
(58)
66 $

114 $

4
(37)
81 $

123
4
(33)
94

$

$

As required by the Related Party Disclosures Topic in the ASC, the Company has identified amounts 
below owed to Conrail, or its subsidiaries, representing liabilities under the operating, equipment and shared 
area agreements with Conrail. In 2014, the Company also executed two promissory notes with a subsidiary 
of Conrail which were included in long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense from 
these promissory notes was $6 million for 2017,  2016 and 2015, respectively.

(Dollars in Millions)
Balance Sheet Information:
CSX payable to Conrail
Promissory notes payable to Conrail subsidiary

2.89% CSX promissory note due October 2044
2.89% CSXT promissory note due October 2044

December

December

2017

2016

$

123 $

73
151

91

73
151

TTX Company

TTX Company ("TTX") is a privately-held corporation engaged in the business of providing its owner-
railroads with standardized fleets of intermodal, automotive and general use railcars at time and mileage 
rates.  CSX owns about 20 percent of TTX's common stock, and the remaining is owned by the other leading 
North American railroads and their affiliates. CSX's investment in TTX is $626 million and is included in 
affiliates and other companies in the consolidated balance sheet.  Pursuant to the Investments-Equity Method
topic in the ASC, CSX applies the equity method of accounting to its investment in TTX.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.103

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 12.  Related Parties and Affiliates, continued

As required by the Related Party Disclosures Topic in the ASC, the following table discloses amounts 
related to TTX. Car hire rents are included in equipment and other rents expense and equity earnings are 
included in equity earnings of affiliates in the Company’s consolidated income statements. Also included 
below is balance sheet information related to CSX's payable to TTX, which represents car rental liabilities.

(Dollars in Millions)
Income statement information:
Car hire rents
Equity earnings of TTX
Total TTX expense

2017

Fiscal Years

2016

2015

$

$

237 $
(157)

80 $

233 $
(26)
207 $

218
(20)
198

Balance sheet information:
CSX payable to TTX

$

December

2017

43 $

December

2016

47

Tax Reform Effect on Equity Earnings of Affiliates

Due to the enactment of tax reform, the Company recognized a benefit of $142 million, or $0.10 per 
share after-tax, in its equity earnings of affiliates. This benefit was primarily the result of the Company's 
affiliates (primarily TTX and Conrail) revaluing their deferred tax liabilities to reflect the lower federal corporate 
tax rate, which favorably impacted their net earnings for 2017. (See additional discussion over tax reform 
in Note 11, Income Taxes.)

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.104

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 13.  Fair Value Measurements

The  Financial  Instruments  Topic  in  the  ASC  requires disclosures  about  fair  value  of  financial 
instruments in annual reports as well as in quarterly reports. For CSX, this statement applies to certain 
investments, pension plan assets and long-term debt. Also, the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
Topic in the ASC clarifies the definition of fair value for financial reporting, establishes a framework for 
measuring fair value and requires additional disclosures about the use of fair value measurements.   

Various inputs are considered when determining the value of the Company's investments, pension 
plan assets and long-term debt. The inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily 
an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. These inputs are summarized in the 
three broad levels listed below:

•

•

•

Level 1 – observable market inputs that are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or
liabilities in active markets;
Level 2 – other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices for similar securities, interest
rates, credit risk, etc.); and
Level 3 – significant unobservable inputs (including the Company’s own assumptions about the
assumptions market participants would use in determining the fair value of investments).

The  valuation  methods  described  below  may  produce  a  fair  value  calculation  that  may  not  be 
indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes 
its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different 
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a 
different fair value measurement at the reporting date.

Investments

The Company's investment assets, valued with assistance from a third-party trustee, consist of 
certificates of deposits, commercial paper, corporate bonds and government securities and are carried at 
fair value on the consolidated balance sheet per the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic in 
the ASC. There are several valuation methodologies used for those assets as described below:

• Certificates  of  Deposit  and  Commercial  Paper  (Level  2):  Valued  at  amortized  cost,  which

approximates fair value;

• Corporate  Bonds  and  Government  Securities  (Level  2):  Valued  using  broker  quotes  that  utilize

observable market inputs; and

The Company's investment assets are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets as
summarized in the following table. All of the inputs used to determine the fair value of the Company's 
investments are Level 2 inputs. The amortized cost basis of these investments was $91 million and $500 
million as of December 31, 2017 and December 30, 2016, respectively. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.105

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 13.  Fair Value Measurements, continued

(Dollars in Millions)
Certificates of Deposit
and Commercial Paper
Corporate Bonds
Government Securities
Total investments at
fair value

Fiscal Years

2017

2016

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

Total

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

Total

$

$

— $
—
—

— $

— $
61
34

95 $

— $
—
—

— $

— $
61
34

95 $

— $
—
—

415 $
63
22

— $
—
—

415
63
22

— $

500 $

— $

500

These investments have the following maturities and are represented on the consolidated balance 
sheet within short-term investments for investments with maturities of less than one year, and other long-
term assets for investments with maturities of one year and greater: 

(Dollars in Millions)
Less than 1 year
1 - 2 years
2 - 5 years
Greater than 5 years

Total investments at fair value

December

2017

December

2016

$

$

18 $
3
8
66
95 $

417
12
4
67
500

Long-term Debt

Long-term  debt  is  reported  at  carrying  amount  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  and  is  the 
Company's only financial instrument with fair values significantly different from their carrying amounts. The 
majority of the Company's long-term debt is valued with assistance from a third party that utilizes closing 
transactions, market quotes or market values of comparable debt. For those instruments not valued by the 
third party, the fair value has been estimated by applying market rates of similar instruments to the scheduled 
contractual debt payments and maturities. These market rates are provided by the same third party.  All of 
the inputs used to determine the fair value of the Company's long-term debt are Level 2 inputs. 

The fair value of outstanding debt fluctuates with changes in a number of factors. Such factors 
include, but are not limited to, interest rates, market conditions, credit ratings, values of similar financial 
instruments, size of the transaction, cash flow projections and comparable trades. Fair value will exceed 
carrying value when the current market interest rate is lower than the interest rate at which the debt was 
originally issued. The fair value of a company's debt is a measure of its current value under present market 
conditions. It does not impact the financial statements under current accounting rules.  

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.106

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 13.  Fair Value Measurements, continued

The fair value and carrying value of the Company's long-term debt is as follows:

(Dollars in Millions)
Long-term Debt (Including Current Maturities):
Fair Value
Carrying Value

December

2017

December

2016

$

13,220 $
11,809

12,096
11,293

Pension Plan Assets

Pension plan assets are reported at fair value, net of pension liabilities, on the consolidated balance 
sheet. The Investment Committee targets an allocation of pension assets to be generally 70% equity and 
30% fixed income. There are several valuation methodologies used for those assets as described below.

Investments in the Fair Value Hierarchy

• Common stock (Level 1): Valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the
individual securities are traded on the last day of the year and classified in Level 1 of the fair value
hierarchy.

• Mutual funds (Level 1): Valued at the net asset value of shares held at year end based on quoted
market prices determined in an active market. These assets are classified in Level 1 of the fair value
hierarchy.

• Corporate bonds, government securities, asset-backed securities and derivatives (Level 2): Valued
using price evaluations reflecting the bid and/or ask sides of the market for a similar investment at
year end. Asset-backed securities include commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized
mortgage obligations. These assets are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

Investments Measured at Net Asset Value

• Partnerships: Net asset value of private equity is based on the fair market values associated with
the  underlying  investments  at  year  end.  These  funds  have  redemption  restrictions  that  require
advanced notice of 15 business days.

• Common collective trust funds: This class consists of private funds that invest in government and
corporate securities and various short-term debt instruments and are measured at net asset value
to estimate the fair value of the investments. The net asset value of the investments is determined
by reference to the fair value of the underlying securities, which are valued primarily through the use
of directly or indirectly observable inputs. These funds have redemption restrictions that require
advanced notice of up to 15 business days.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.107

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 13.  Fair Value Measurements, continued

The pension plan assets at fair value by level, within the fair value hierarchy, as of calendar plan 
years 2017 and 2016 are shown in the table below. For additional information related to pension assets, 
see Note 8, Employee Benefit Plans.

(Dollars in Millions)
Common Stock
Mutual funds
Cash equivalents
Corporate bonds
Government securities
Asset-backed securities
Derivatives and other
Total investments in the
fair value hierarchy
Investments measured at 
net asset value (a)

Fiscal Years

2017

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
$ 1,022 $ — $ — $ 1,022 $ 940 $

Level 1

Total

14
2
—
—
—
—

—
—
537
169
9
11

—
—
—
—
—
—

14
2
537
169
9
11

2016

Level 2

Level 3

— $ — $
—
—
497
141
14
11

—
—
—
—
—
—

Total
940
12
1
497
141
14
11

12
1
—
—
—
—

$ 1,038 $

726 $ — $ 1,764 $ 953 $

663 $ — $ 1,616

n/a

n/a

n/a $ 1,069

n/a

n/a

n/a $

923

Investments at fair value

$ 1,038 $

726 $ — $ 2,833 $ 953 $

663 $ — $ 2,539

(a) Investments measured at net asset value represent certain investments that have been measured at net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
and thus are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. In accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, the fair value amounts presented in
this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the pension assets disclosed in Note 8, Employee Benefit Plans.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.108

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 14. Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)

CSX reports comprehensive earnings or loss in accordance with the Comprehensive Income Topic
in the ASC in the Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement. Total comprehensive earnings are defined 
as all changes in shareholders' equity during a period, other than those resulting from investments by and 
distributions to shareholders (e.g. issuance of equity securities and dividends). Generally, for CSX, total 
comprehensive earnings equal net earnings plus or minus adjustments for pension and other post-retirement 
liabilities. Total comprehensive earnings represent the activity for a period net of tax and were $5.6 billion, 
$1.7 billion and $2.0 billion for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

While total comprehensive earnings is the activity in a period and is largely driven by net earnings 
in that period, accumulated other comprehensive income or loss (“AOCI”) represents the cumulative balance 
of other comprehensive income, net of tax, as of the balance sheet date. For CSX, AOCI is primarily the 
cumulative balance related to pension and other post-retirement benefit adjustments and CSX's share of 
AOCI of equity method investees.  

Changes in the AOCI balance by component are shown in the table below.  Amounts reclassified in 
pension and other post-employment benefits to net earnings relate to the amortization of actuarial losses 
and are included in labor and fringe on the consolidated income statements.  See Note 8. Employee Benefit 
Plans for further information. Other primarily represents CSX's share of AOCI of equity method investees. 
Amounts reclassified in other to net earnings are included in materials, supplies and other on the consolidated 
income statements.

Pension and
Other Post-
Employment

Benefits

Other

Accumulated
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

Other

$

(611) $

(55) $

(Dollars in millions)
Balance December 26, 2014 - Net of Tax
Other Comprehensive Income(Loss)
Loss Before Reclassifications
Amounts Reclassified to Net Earnings
Tax (Expense) Benefit

Total Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income

Balance December 25, 2015 - Net of Tax
Other Comprehensive Income

(Loss) Income Before Reclassifications
Amounts Reclassified to Net Earnings
Tax Expense

Total Other Comprehensive Income

Balance December 30, 2016 - Net of Tax
Other Comprehensive Income

Income Before Reclassifications
Amounts Reclassified to Net Earnings
Tax Expense

Total Other Comprehensive Income

Balance December 31, 2017 - Net of Tax

$

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.109

(53)
71
(8)
10
(601)

(16)
50
(13)
21
(580)

148
56
(64)
140
(440) $

(8)
(2)
1
(9)
(64)

3
1
—
4
(60)

13
2
(1)
14
(46) $

(666)

(61)
69
(7)
1
(665)

(13)
51
(13)
25
(640)

161
58
(65)
154
(486)

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 15.  Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

Pursuant to Article 3 of the SEC’s Regulation S-X, the following are selected quarterly financial data: 

Fiscal Year Ended December 2017 (a)

Quarters

(Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
Revenue
Operating Income
Net Earnings (b)
Earnings Per Share, Basic (b)
Earnings Per Share, Assuming Dilution (b)

1st

4th

3rd

2nd

Full Year
$ 2,869 $ 2,933 $ 2,743 $ 2,863 $ 11,408
3,667
5,471
6.01
5.99

1,121
4,140
4.63 $
4.62

958
510
0.55 $
0.55

876
459
0.51 $
0.51

712
362
0.39 $
0.39

$

Fiscal Year Ended December 2016 (a)
$ 2,618 $ 2,704 $ 2,710 $ 3,037 $ 11,069
Revenue
3,389
Operating Income
1,714
Net Earnings
1.81
Earnings Per Share, Basic
1.81
Earnings Per Share, Assuming Dilution
(a) Prior to third quarter 2017, CSX followed a 52/53 week fiscal reporting calendar and 2016 included 53 weeks. All 2016 information presented
in Results of Operations is on a 53-week basis, under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). See Note 1, Nature of Operations
and Significant Accounting Policies for details regarding the number of days in each quarterly period presented.

1,004
458
0.49 $
0.49

840
445
0.47 $
0.47

841
455
0.48 $
0.48

704
356
0.37 $
0.37

(b) These results for fourth quarter and full year 2017 include a $3.6 billion, or $3.91 per share, net tax reform benefit. See further discussion in

$

Note 11, Income Taxes.

NOTE 16.  Summarized Consolidating Financial Data

In 2007, CSXT, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSX Corporation, sold secured equipment notes maturing 
in 2023 in a registered public offering. CSX has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the notes. In connection with 
the notes, the Company is providing the following condensed consolidating financial information in accordance 
with  SEC  disclosure  requirements.  Each  entity  in  the  consolidating  financial  information  follows  the  same 
accounting policies as described in the consolidated financial statements, except for the use of the equity method 
of  accounting  to  reflect  ownership  interests  in  subsidiaries  which  are  eliminated  upon  consolidation  and  the 
allocation of certain expenses of CSX incurred for the benefit of its subsidiaries. Condensed consolidating financial 
information for the obligor, CSXT, and parent guarantor, CSX, is shown in the following tables. 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.110

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 16.  Summarized Consolidating Financial Data, continued

Consolidating Income Statements

(Dollars in Millions)

Fiscal Year Ended December 2017
Revenue
Expense
Operating Income
Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries
Interest Expense
Other Income - Net
Earnings Before Income Taxes
Income Tax Benefit
Net Earnings

Total Comprehensive Earnings

Fiscal Year Ended December 2016
Revenue
Expense
Operating Income
Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries
Interest Expense
Other Income - Net
Earnings Before Income Taxes
Income Tax Benefit (Expense)
Net Earnings

Total Comprehensive Earnings

Fiscal Year Ended December 2015
Revenue
Expense
Operating Income
Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries
Interest Expense
Other Income - Net
Earnings Before Income Taxes
Income Tax Expense
Net Earnings

Total Comprehensive Earnings

CSX

Transportation

Eliminations
and Other

CSX

Consolidated
11,408
7,741
3,667
—
(546)
21
3,142
2,329
5,471

74 $

(171)
245
(5,810)
65
(28)
(5,528)
4

(5,524) $

11,334 $
8,070
3,264
—
(29)
42
3,277
2,247
5,524 $

5,538 $

(5,538) $

5,625

10,991 $
8,100
2,891
2
(35)
44
2,902
(1,081)
1,821 $

78 $

(155)
233
(1,999)
39
(1)
(1,728)
(93)

(1,821) $

11,069
7,680
3,389
—
(579)
(69)
2,741
(1,027)
1,714

1,833 $

(1,833) $

1,739

11,733 $
8,922
2,811
—
(33)
111
2,889
(1,083)
1,806 $

78 $

(106)
184
(1,949)
28
(9)
(1,746)
(60)

(1,806) $

11,811
8,227
3,584
—
(544)
98
3,138
(1,170)
1,968

1,806 $

(1,806) $

1,969

CSX

Corporation
$

— $

(158)
158
5,810
(582)
7
5,393
78

5,471 $

5,625 $

— $

(265)
265
1,997
(583)
(112)
1,567
147

1,714 $

1,739 $

— $

(589)
589
1,949
(539)
(4)
1,995
(27)

1,968 $

1,969 $

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.111

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 16.  Summarized Consolidating Financial Data, continued

Consolidating Balance Sheets

(Dollars in Millions)

CSX

Corporation

CSX

Transportation

Eliminations
and Other

CSX

Consolidated

ASSETS

$

As of December 31, 2017

Current Assets:

Cash and Cash Equivalents
Short-term Investments
Accounts Receivable - Net
Receivable from Affiliates
Materials and Supplies
Other Current Assets
Total Current Assets

Properties
Accumulated Depreciation

Properties - Net
Investments in Conrail
Affiliates and Other Companies
Investment in Consolidated Subsidiaries
Other Long-term Assets

Total Assets

Current Liabilities:

$
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$

Accounts Payable
Labor and Fringe Benefits Payable
Payable to Affiliates
Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves
Current Maturities of Long-term Debt
Income and Other Taxes Payable
Other Current Liabilities
Total Current Liabilities

Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves
Long-term Debt
Deferred Income Taxes - Net
Other Long-term Liabilities

Total Liabilities

Shareholders' Equity:

Common Stock, $1 Par Value
Other Capital
Retained Earnings
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
Noncontrolling Minority Interest
Total Shareholders' Equity
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity

$

$

105
52
4,792
—
—
(326)
5
4,628
—
11,056
(130)
644
16,198

890
217
14,084
(486)
—
14,705
30,903

$

$

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.112

$

274
—
(1)
1,226
—
(1)
1,498
1
(1)
—
—
(39)
29,405
39
30,903

121
—
301
3,517
372
145
4,456
41,479
(11,017)
30,462
—
800
—
596
36,314

708
494
552
95
19
455
153
2,476
222
733
6,342
320
10,093

181
5,096
20,933
(5)
16
26,221
36,314

$

$

$

$

$

6
18
670
(4,743)
—
10
(4,039)
2,844
(1,542)
1,302
907
18
(29,405)
(261)

(31,478) $

$

34
56
(5,344)
13
—
28
3
(5,210)
44
1
206
(314)
(5,273)

(181)
(5,096)
(20,933)
5
—
(26,205)
(31,478) $

401
18
970
—
372
154
1,915
44,324
(12,560)
31,764
907
779
—
374
35,739

847
602
—
108
19
157
161
1,894
266
11,790
6,418
650
21,018

890
217
14,084
(486)
16
14,721
35,739

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 16.  Summarized Consolidating Financial Data, continued

Consolidating Balance Sheets

(Dollars in Millions)

CSX

Corporation

CSX

Transportation

Eliminations
and Other

CSX

Consolidated

ASSETS

$

As of December 30, 2016

Current Assets

Cash and Cash Equivalents
Short-term Investments
Accounts Receivable - Net
Receivable from Affiliates
Materials and Supplies
Other Current Assets
Total Current Assets

Properties
Accumulated Depreciation

Properties - Net
Investments in Conrail
Affiliates and Other Companies
Investment in Consolidated Subsidiaries
Other Long-term Assets

Total Assets

Current Liabilities

$
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$

Accounts Payable
Labor and Fringe Benefits Payable
Payable to Affiliates
Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves
Current Maturities of Long-term Debt
Income and Other Taxes Payable
Other Current Liabilities
Total Current Liabilities

Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves
Long-term Debt
Deferred Income Taxes - Net
Other Long-term Liabilities

Total Liabilities

Shareholders' Equity

Common Stock, $1 Par Value
Other Capital
Retained Earnings
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
Noncontrolling Minority Interest
Total Shareholders' Equity
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity

$

$

95
40
3,457
—
313
(346)
—
3,559
—
10,203
(203)
783
14,342

928
138
11,253
(640)
—
11,679
26,021

$

$

$

305
415
2
1,157
—
—
1,879
1
(1)
—
—
(39)
24,179
2
26,021

281
—
215
2,351
407
106
3,360
40,518
(10,634)
29,884
—
643
—
607
34,494

678
440
500
102
19
459
112
2,310
208
759
9,541
410
13,228

181
5,095
15,994
(19)
15
21,266
34,494

$

$

$

$

$

17
2
721
(3,508)
—
16
(2,752)
2,708
(1,442)
1,266
840
15
(24,179)
(291)

(25,101) $

$

33
65
(3,957)
13
(1)
16
2
(3,829)
51
—
258
(330)
(3,850)

(181)
(5,095)
(15,994)
19
—
(21,251)
(25,101) $

603
417
938
—
407
122
2,487
43,227
(12,077)
31,150
840
619
—
318
35,414

806
545
—
115
331
129
114
2,040
259
10,962
9,596
863
23,720

928
138
11,253
(640)
15
11,694
35,414

Certain prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.113

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 16.  Summarized Consolidating Financial Data, continued

Consolidating Cash Flow Statements

(Dollars in Millions)

Fiscal Year Ended December 2017
Operating Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities

Investing Activities
Property Additions
Purchases of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Sales of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Property Dispositions
Other Investing Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
Financing Activities
Long-term Debt Issued
Long-term Debt Repaid
Dividends Paid
Shares Repurchased
Other Financing Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period

CSX

Corporation

CSX

Transportation

Eliminations
and Other

CSX

Consolidated

$

1,719 $

2,112 $

(359) $

3,472

—
(774)
1,190
—
(2)
414

850
(313)
(708)
(1,970)
(23)
(2,164)
(31)
305
274 $

$

(1,848)
—
—
97
94
(1,657)

—
(20)
(600)
—
5
(615)
(160)
281
121 $

(192)
(8)
3
—
(55)
(252)

—
—
600
—
—
600
(11)
17
6 $

(2,040)
(782)
1,193
97
37
(1,495)

850
(333)
(708)
(1,970)
(18)
(2,179)
(202)
603
401

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.114

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 16.  Summarized Consolidating Financial Data, continued

Consolidating Cash Flow Statements

(Dollars in Millions)

Fiscal Year Ended December 2016
Operating Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
Investing Activities
Property Additions
Purchases of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Sales of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Property Dispositions
Other Investing Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
Financing Activities
Long-term Debt Issued
Long-term Debt Repaid
Dividends Paid
Shares Repurchased
Other Financing Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
Net (Decrease) Increase in 

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period

CSX

Corporation

CSX

Transportation

Eliminations
and Other

CSX

Consolidated

$

453 $

2,950 $

(362) $

3,041

—
(929)
1,325
—
(41)
355

2,200
(1,400)
(680)
(1,056)
(11)
(947)

(2,208)
—
—
195
91
(1,922)

—
(19)
(600)
—
(303)
(922)

(190)
—
—
—
(41)
(231)

—
—
600
—
1
601

(139)
444
305 $

$

106
175
281 $

8
9
17 $

(2,398)
(929)
1,325
195
9
(1,798)

2,200
(1,419)
(680)
(1,056)
(313)
(1,268)

(25)
628
603

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.115

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NOTE 16.  Summarized Consolidating Financial Data, continued

Consolidating Cash Flow Statements

(Dollars in Millions) 

Fiscal Year Ended December 2015
Operating Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
Investing Activities
Property Additions
Purchases of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Sales of Short-term Investments
Proceeds from Property Dispositions
Other Investing Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
Financing Activities
Long-term Debt Issued
Long-term Debt Repaid
Dividends Paid
Shares Repurchased
Other Financing Activities
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
Net (Decrease) Increase in 

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period

CSX

Corporation

CSX

Transportation

Eliminations
and Other

CSX

Consolidated

$

983 $

2,974 $

(587) $

3,370

—
(1,734)
1,175
—
(10)
(569)

1,200
(200)
(686)
(804)
10
(480)

(2,400)
—
—
147
132
(2,121)

—
(29)
(750)
—
1
(778)

(162)
(5)
50
—
(85)
(202)

—
—
750
—
(11)
739

(66)
510
444 $

$

75
100
175 $

(50)
59
9 $

(2,562)
(1,739)
1,225
147
37
(2,892)

1,200
(229)
(686)
(804)
—
(519)

(41)
669
628

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.116

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of December 31, 2017, under the supervision and with the participation of CSX's Chief Executive 
Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), management has evaluated the effectiveness of the 
design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the 
CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2017, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures 
were effective at the reasonable assurance level in timely alerting them to material information required to 
be included in CSX’s periodic SEC reports. 

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

CSX’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over 
financial  reporting, as  such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and 15d-15(f).  Under the 
supervision and with the participation of the management of CSX, including CSX’s CEO and CFO, CSX 
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as 
of December 31, 2017 based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by 
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission which is also referred to as COSO. 
Based on that evaluation, management of CSX concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017.  Management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal 
control over financial reporting is expressed at the level of reasonable assurance because a control system, 
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that 
the control system's objectives will be met.

The Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 has been audited 
by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is 
included elsewhere herein.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.117

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of CSX Corporation 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited CSX Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based 
on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, CSX 
Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial 
reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on the COSO criteria.  

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of CSX Corporation as of December 31, 2017 
and December 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash 
flows, and changes in shareholders’ equity for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 31, 
2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”) of the Company and our 
report dated February 7, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting 
and  for  its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  in  the 
accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are 
a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the 
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of 
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over 
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in 
the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial 
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection 
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect 
on the financial statements.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.118

CSX CORPORATION

PART II

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM, continued

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect 
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk 
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance 
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Certified Public Accountants

Jacksonville, Florida
February 7, 2018 

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.119

PART II
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

CSX CORPORATION

There were no material changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B.  Other Information

None

PART III

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance

In accordance with Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item is incorporated 
herein by reference to the Proxy Statement.  The Proxy Statement will be filed not later than April 30, 2018
with respect to its 2018 annual meeting of shareholders, except for the information regarding the executive 
officers of the Company.  Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this report under 
the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant."

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

In accordance with Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated 

herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (see Item 10 above).

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters

In accordance with Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated 

herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (see Item 10 above).

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

In accordance with Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is 

incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (see Item 10 above).

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services

In accordance with Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this Item is incorporated 

herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (see Item 10 above).

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
(a)(1) Financial Statements
See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page

55.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules

The information required by Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, is included in
Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Casualty, Environmental and Other Reserves. All
other financial statement schedules are not applicable.

(3) Exhibits

The documents listed below are being filed or have previously been filed on behalf of CSX
and are incorporated herein by reference from the documents indicated and made a part hereof.
Exhibits not previously filed are filed herewith.

Pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(4)(iii), instruments that define the rights of holders 
of the Registrant's long-term debt securities, where the long-term debt securities authorized under 
each such instrument do not exceed 10% of the Registrant's total assets, have been omitted and 
will be furnished to the Commission upon request.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.120

Exhibit

designation

2.1

3.1

3.2

CSX CORPORATION

PART IV

Nature of exhibit

Distribution Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2004, by and 
among CSX Corporation, CSX Transportation, Inc., CSX Rail 
Holding Corporation, CSX Northeast Holding Corporation, 
Norfolk Southern Corporation, Norfolk Southern Railway 
Company, CRR Holdings LLC, Green Acquisition Corp., Conrail 
Inc., Consolidated Rail Corporation, New York Central Lines 
LLC, Pennsylvania Lines LLC, NYC Newco, Inc. and PRR 
Newco, Inc. 

Previously filed 

as exhibit to

September 2, 2004,
Exhibit 2.1, Form 8-K

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of CSX 
Corporation, effective as of  October 7, 2015

October 9, 2015,
Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K

Amended and Restated Bylaws of CSX Corporation, effective 
as of July 7, 2017

July 11, 2017,
Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K

Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Debentures:
4.1(a)(P)

Indenture, dated August 1, 1990, between the Registrant and
The Chase Manhattan Bank, as Trustee

4.1(b)(P)

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 1991,
between the Registrant and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as
Trustee

September 7, 1990,
Form SE

May 28, 1992,
Exhibit 4(c), Form SE

4.1(c)

4.1(d)

4.1(e)

4.1(f)

4.1(g)

4.1(h)

4.1(i)

Material Contracts:
10.1**

10.2**

10.3**

10.4**

10.5**

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 6, 1997, 
between the Registrant and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as 
Trustee 

June 5, 1997,
Exhibit 4.3, Form S-4 
(Registration No. 333-28523)

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 22, 1998, 
between the Registrant and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as 
Trustee 

May 12, 1998,
Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 30, 2001, 
between the Registrant and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as 
Trustee 

November 7, 2001,           
Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q

Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2003 
between the Registrant and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as 
Trustee 

October 27, 2003,             
Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K

Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2004 
between the Registrant and JP Morgan Chase Bank, formerly 
The Chase  Manhattan Bank, as Trustee 

November  3, 2004,           
Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q

Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 25, 2007, 
between the Registrant and The Bank of New York (as 
successor to JP Morgan Chase Bank), as Trustee 

April 26, 2007,
Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2010, 
between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon(as 
successor to JP Morgan Chase Bank), as Trustee 

April 19, 2010,
Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q

CSX Directors’ Pre-2005 Deferred Compensation Plan (as 
amended through January 8, 2008) 

February 22, 2008,   
Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-K 

CSX Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 
1, 2005 

February 22, 2008,    
Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-K

CSX Directors' Charitable Gift Plan, as amended 

CSX Directors' Matching Gift Plan (as amended through 
February 9, 2011)
Special Retirement Plan of CSX Corporation and Affiliated 
Companies (as amended through February 14, 2001) 

March 4, 1994,
Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-K

March 4, 1994,
Exhibit 10.5, Form 10-K
March 4, 2002,
Exhibit 10.23, Form 10-K

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.121

Exhibit

designation

10.6**

10.7**

10.8

10.9

10.10

10.11

10.12

10.13

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17

CSX CORPORATION

PART IV

Nature of exhibit

Previously filed 

as exhibit to

Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan of CSX Corporation and 
Affiliated Companies (as amended through February 14, 2001) 

March 4, 2002,
Exhibit 10.24, Form 10-K

Senior Executive Incentive Compensation Plan 

Transaction Agreement, dated as of June 10, 1997, by and 
among CSX Corporation, CSX Transportation, Inc., Norfolk 
Southern Corporation, Norfolk Southern Railway Company, 
Conrail Inc., Consolidated Rail Corporation and CRR Holdings 
LLC, with certain schedules thereto 

Amendment No. 1, dated as of August 22, 1998, to the 
Transaction Agreement, dated as of June 10, 1997, by and 
among CSX Corporation, CSX Transportation, Inc., Norfolk 
Southern Corporation, Norfolk Southern Railway Company, 
Conrail Inc., Consolidated Rail Corporation and CRR Holdings, 
LLC 

March 17, 2000,            
Appendix B, Definitive Proxy 
Statement

July 8, 1997,
Exhibit 10, Form 8-K

June 11, 1999,
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

Amendment No. 2, dated as of June 1, 1999, to the Transaction 
Agreement, dated as of June 10, 1997, by and among CSX 
Corporation, CSX Transportation, Inc., Norfolk Southern 
Corporation, Norfolk Southern Railway Company, Conrail Inc., 
Consolidated Rail Corporation and CRR Holdings, LLC 

June 11, 1999,
Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K

Amendment No. 3, dated as of August 1, 2000, to the 
Transaction Agreement by and among CSX Corporation, CSX 
Transportation, Inc., Norfolk Southern Corporation, Norfolk 
Southern Railway Company, Conrail Inc., Consolidated Rail 
Corporation, and CRR Holdings, LLC. 

Amendment No. 4, dated and effective as of June 1, 1999, and 
executed in April 2004, to the Transaction Agreement, dated as 
of June 10, 1997, by and among CSX Corporation, CSX 
Transportation, Inc., Norfolk Southern Corporation, Norfolk 
Southern Railway Company, Conrail Inc., Consolidated Rail 
Corporation and CRR Holdings, LLC 

Amendment No. 5, dated as of August 27, 2004, to the 
Transaction Agreement, dated as of June 10, 1997, by and 
among CSX Corporation, CSX Transportation, Inc., Norfolk 
Southern Corporation, Norfolk Southern Railway Company, 
Conrail Inc., Consolidated Rail Corporation and CRR Holdings 
LLC 

March 1, 2001,       
Exhibit 10.34, Form 10-K

August 6, 2004,        
Exhibit 99.1, Form 8-K

September 2, 2004, 
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

Shared Assets Area Operating Agreement for Detroit, dated as 
of June 1, 1999, by and among Consolidated Rail Corporation, 
CSX Transportation, Inc. and Norfolk Southern Railway 
Corporation, with exhibit thereto 

June 11, 1999,
Exhibit 10.6, Form 8-K, 

Shared Assets Area Operating Agreement for North Jersey, 
dated as of June 1, 1999, by and among Consolidated Rail 
Corporation, CSX Transportation, Inc. and Norfolk Southern 
Railway Company, with exhibit thereto 

Shared Assets Area Operating Agreement for South Jersey/
Philadelphia, dated as of June 1, 1999, by and among 
Consolidated Rail Corporation, CSX Transportation, Inc. and 
Norfolk Southern Railway Company, with exhibit thereto

June 11, 1999,
Exhibit 10.4, Form 8-K

June 11, 1999,
Exhibit 10.5, Form 8-K

Monongahela Usage Agreement, dated as of June 1, 1999, by 
and among CSX Transportation, Inc., Norfolk Southern Railway 
Company, Pennsylvania Lines LLC and New York Central Lines 
LLC, with exhibit thereto 

June 11, 1999,
Exhibit 10.7, Form 8-K

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.122

Exhibit

designation

10.18

10.19

10.20**

10.21**

10.22**

10.23**

10.24**

10.25**

10.26**

10.27**

10.28**

10.29**

10.30**

10.31

10.32

10.33**

10.34**

10.35**

10.36**

10.37**

CSX CORPORATION

PART IV

Nature of exhibit

Tax Allocation Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2004, by and 
among CSX Corporation, Norfolk Southern Corporation, Green 
Acquisition Corp., Conrail Inc., Consolidated Rail Corporation, 
New York Central Lines LLC and Pennsylvania Lines LLC 

Revolving Credit Agreement, dated May 21, 2015

Long-term Incentive Plan, dated February 11, 2015

CSX Stock and Incentive Award Plan 

Long-term Incentive Plan, dated February 10, 2016

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement

Form of Stock Option Agreement

Restricted Stock Award Agreement with Frank A. Lonegro

Previously filed 

as exhibit to
September 2, 2004,          
Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K

May 28, 2015,
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

February 13, 2015,
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

May 7, 2010,
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

February 16, 2016,
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

February 16, 2016,           
Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K

February 16, 2016,           
Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K

February 16, 2016,           
Exhibit 10.5, Form 8-K

CSX Executives' Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended 
and restated effective January 1, 2017)

October 12, 2016,           
Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q

CSX 2017-2019 Long Term Incentive Plan, effective as of 
February 22, 2017

February 27, 2017
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

CSX Section 16 Officer Severance Benefit Plan, effective as of 
February 22, 2017

February 27, 2017
Exhibit 10.4, Form 8-K

Separation Agreement, effective February 27, 2017, between 
Michael J. Ward and CSX Corporation

February 27, 2017
Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K

Separation Agreement, effective February 27, 2017, between 
Clarence W. Gooden and CSX Corporation

February 27, 2017
Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K

Letter Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2017, between CSX 
Corporation and MR Argent Advisor LLC

March 7, 2017
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2017, 
between CSX Corporation and MR Argent Advisor LLC

April 3, 2017
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

Inducement Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement Under the 
CSX Special Executive Equity Award Program between CSX 
Corporation and E. Hunter Harrison

April 20, 2017
Exhibit 10.09, Form 10-Q

Inducement Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement Under the 
CSX 2010 Stock and Incentive Award Plan between CSX 
Corporation and E. Hunter Harrison

April 20, 2017
Exhibit 10.08, Form 10-Q

Employment Agreement, effective as of March 6, 2017, 
between CSX Corporation and E. Hunter Harrison

April 20, 2017
Exhibit 10.07, Form 10-Q

Reimbursement Letter, dated as of June 16, 2017, between 
CSX Corporation and E. Hunter Harrison

June 16, 2017
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

Employment Separation Agreement and Release, dated as of 
November 14, 2017, between CSX Corporation and Cindy M. 
Sanborn

November 15, 2017
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.123

Exhibit

designation

10.38**

10.39**

10.40**

10.41* **

10.42* **

10.43 * **

Officer certifications:
31*
32*
Interactive data files:
101*

CSX CORPORATION

PART IV

Nature of exhibit

Previously filed 

as exhibit to

Employment Separation Agreement and Release, dated as of 
November 14, 2017, between CSX Corporation and Fredrik J. 
Eliasson

November 15, 2017
Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K

Employment Separation Agreement and Release, dated as of 
November 14, 2017, between CSX Corporation and Ellen 
M. Fitzsimmons

November 15, 2017
Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K

Employment Agreement, effective as of January 8, 2018, 
between CSX Corporation and Edmond L. Harris

January 12, 2018
Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K

Employment Agreement, effective as of March 29, 2017, 
between CSX Corporation and Mark K. Wallace
Employment Agreement, effective as of December 22, 2017, 
between CSX Corporation and James M. Foote
Form of Change of Control Agreement, effective February 7, 
2018

Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications
Section 1350 Certifications

The following financial information from CSX Corporation’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2017 filed with the SEC on February 7, 2018, formatted in
XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Income Statements for the
fiscal periods ended December 31, 2017, December 30, 2016,
and December 25, 2015, (ii) Consolidated Comprehensive
Income Statements for the fiscal periods ended December 1,
2017, December 30, 2016 and December 25, 2015, (iii)
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017,
December 30, 2016 and December 25, 2015, (iv) Consolidated
Cash Flow Statements for the fiscal periods ended December
31, 2017, December 30, 2016 and December 25, 2015, and (v)
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Other exhibits:
21*
23*
24*

Subsidiaries of the Registrant
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Powers of Attorney

* Filed herewith
** Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement
(P) This Exhibit has been paper filed and is not subject to Item 601 of Reg S-K for hyperlinks.
Note: Items not filed herewith have been submitted in previous SEC filings.

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.124

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the 
Registrant  has  duly  caused  this  report  to  be  signed  on  its  behalf  by  the  undersigned,  thereunto  duly 
authorized.

CSX CORPORATION

(Registrant)

By:   /s/ ANDREW L. GLASSMAN 

Andrew L. Glassman
Vice President and Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)

Dated: February 7, 2018 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed 
below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 7, 
2018.

Signature

/s/ JAMES M. FOOTE

 James M. Foote

/s/ FRANK A. LONEGRO

 Frank A. Lonegro

/s/ ANDREW L. GLASSMAN

 Andrew L. Glassman

/s/ NATHAN D. GOLDMAN

 Nathan D. Goldman

Title

Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial

Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

Vice President and Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)

Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer,

Corporate Secretary

*Attorney-in-Fact

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.125

Signature

*

 Edward J. Kelly, III

*

 Donna M. Alvarado

*

 John B. Breaux

*

 Pamela L. Carter

*

 James M. Foote

*

 Steven T. Halverson

*

 Paul C. Hilal 

*

 John D. McPherson

*

 David M. Moffett

*

 Dennis H. Reilley 

*

 Linda H. Riefler 

*

J. Steven Whisler

*

 John J. Zillmer 

SIGNATURES

Title

Chairman of the Board and Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

CSX 2017 Form 10-K p.126

Exhibit 21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant

As of December 31, 2017, the Registrant was the beneficial owner of 100% of the common stock of the 
following significant subsidiaries:

CSX Transportation, Inc. (a Virginia corporation)

As of December 31, 2017, none of the other subsidiaries included in the Registrant's consolidated financial 
statements constitute a significant subsidiary.

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

Exhibit 23

Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-221052)
Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-209541)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-110589)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-160650)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-160652)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-166769)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-193785)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-201172)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-201167)

of  our  reports  dated  February  7,  2018,  with  respect  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  CSX 
Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of CSX Corporation, included 
in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of CSX Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2017.

Jacksonville, Florida 
February 7, 2018

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Certified Public Accountants

POWER OF ATTORNEY

Exhibit 24

KNOW  ALL  PERSONS  BY  THESE  PRESENTS  that  each  of  the  undersigned  directors  of  CSX 
CORPORATION, a Virginia Corporation, which is to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
Washington, D. C., a Form 10 K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 hereby constitutes and appoints 
Andrew L. Glassman and Nathan D. Goldman his/her true and lawful attorneys in fact and agents, for him/
her and in his/her name, place and stead to sign said Form 10 K, and any and all amendments thereto, 
with power where appropriate to affix the corporate seal of CSX Corporation thereto and to attest said seal, 
and to file said Form 10 K, and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys in fact and agents, and each of them, full 
power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things requisite and necessary to be done in 
and about the premises as fully to all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby 
ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys in fact and agents, or either of them, may lawfully do or 
cause to be done by virtue hereof.

/s/ DONNA M. ALVARADO
 Donna M. Alvarado
February 7, 2018

/s/ JOHN B. BREAUX
 John B. Breaux
February 7, 2018

/s/ PAMELA L. CARTER
 Pamela L. Carter
February 7, 2018

/s/ JAMES M. FOOTE
 James M. Foote
February 7, 2018

/s/ STEVEN T. HALVERSON
 Steven T. Halverson
February 7, 2018

/s/ PAUL C. HILAL
 Paul C. Hilal 
February 7, 2018

/s/ EDWARD J. KELLY, III
 Edward J. Kelly, III
February 7, 2018

/s/ JOHN D. MCPHERSON
 John D. McPherson
February 7, 2018

/s/ DAVID M. MOFFETT
 David M. Moffett
February 7, 2018

/s/ DENNIS H. REILLEY
 Dennis H. Reilley 
February 7, 2018

/s/ LINDA H. RIEFLER
 Linda H. Riefler 
February 7, 2018

/s/ J. STEVEN WHISLER
J. Steven Whisler
February 7, 2018

/s/ JOHN J. ZILLMER
 John J. Zillmer 
February 7, 2018

Exhibit 31

CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 

13a - 14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 

I, James M. Foote, certify that: 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CSX Corporation;

1. 
2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control 
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and 
have:

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and 
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating 
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within 
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over 
financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  our  supervision,  to  provide  reasonable  assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented 
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, 
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal 
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board 
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control 
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to 
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a 

significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 5, 2018 

/s/  JAMES M. FOOTE
James M. Foote
President and Chief Executive Officer

I, Frank A. Lonegro, certify that: 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CSX Corporation;

1. 
2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control 
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and 
have:

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and 
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating 
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within 
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over 
financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  our  supervision,  to  provide  reasonable  assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented 
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, 
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting 
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal 
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board 
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control 
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to 
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a 

significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 5, 2018 

/s/ FRANK A. LONEGRO 
Frank A. Lonegro
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 32
CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15D-14(b) AND SECTION 1350 

OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE U.S. CODE 

In connection with the Annual Report of CSX Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, James M. Foote, Chief 
Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of

1934; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and

results of operations of the registrant.

Date: February 5, 2018 

/s/ JAMES M. FOOTE
James M. Foote
President and Chief Executive Officer 

In connection with the Annual Report of CSX Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Frank A. Lonegro, Chief 
Financial Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of

1934; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and

results of operations of the registrant.

Date: February 5, 2018 

/s/ FRANK A. LONEGRO 
Frank A. Lonegro
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

5

Annual Report 2017   CSX500 Water Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32202

www.csx.com

PRINTED ON FSC PAPER STOCK
6

Annual Report 2017   CSX