To Cummins Shareholders:

In 2017, we saw growth in many of our  
most important markets around the globe 
and continued to manage our business  
for improved results. We strengthened  
our position in key global markets, through 
the successful launch of new products  
and a strong focus on customer support, 
which resulted in market share gains. 
Working closely with our Board of Directors,  
we also advanced our strategy to create  
new sources of growth and position the 
company for a stronger future. 

2017 Financial Performance 

Revenues for the full-year 2017 were a 
record $20.4 billion, 17 percent higher  
than 2016. Revenues in North America 
increased 15 percent and international  
sales increased 19 percent. 

Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) 
for the year was $2.4 billion or 12.2 percent 
of sales, excluding charges related to tax 
legislation. This compares to $2.0 billion  
or 11.4 percent of sales in 2016. 

Net income attributable to Cummins for the 
full year was $1.0 billion ($5.97 per diluted 
share), compared to $1.4 billion ($8.23 per 
diluted share) in 2016. Excluding charges 
totaling $0.8 billion in connection with tax 
legislation, full-year net income attributable 
to Cummins was $1.8 billion and earnings 
per diluted share was a record $10.62.   

Delivering Shareholder Value

In 2017, Cummins delivered a Return 
on Equity of 22 percent and a Return on 
Invested Capital of 18 percent, excluding  
the impact of tax legislation. We returned 
$1.2 billion or 51 percent of Operating  
Cash Flow to shareholders in the form  
of dividends and share repurchases. 

Overall, total shareholder return for Cummins 
in 2017 was 33 percent, compared to a  
22 percent increase for the S&P 500 index.

We were able to grow profitability and 
generate record operating cash flow by 
continuously driving improvement in our 
business through material cost reduction 
programs, productivity gains and other 
actions to improve the long-term financial 
performance of the company, while  
investing in new products and technologies.

For example, we launched new  
engine platforms including the B6.7,  
L9, X15 Performance Series and X15 
Efficiency Series, all of which contributed  
to stronger market share in North America. 
We successfully launched a 50-50 joint 
venture with Eaton to design, develop 
and sell current and future automated 
transmissions for heavy- and medium- 
duty applications globally. This will  
advance our strategy to be the leading 
global powertrain provider.

We expect diesel engines to continue to 
be the technology of choice in many of 
our markets for years to come, and we will 
continue to excel at our core strengths, 
providing innovative and dependable 
products that enable our customers’ 
success. At the same time, we recognize 
that future decades may look much 
different than today. Increasing customer 
demands, emerging product and information 
technologies, and global environmental 
challenges will impact many of our markets. 

Where we see technology evolving, we are 
building capabilities to remain an industry 
technology leader. In the electrification 
space, we unveiled the first-ever, fully-electric 
heavy-duty demonstration truck, AEOS, 
and announced an electrified powertrain 
option for urban buses with our first offerings 
available in 2019. We also acquired energy 
storage technology company Brammo Inc. 
to further support our broad portfolio of 
power solutions. 

Cummins has a strong history of capitalizing 
on new trends in our markets. We welcome 
changes in technology and the opportunities 
that they present, and we are investing 
to ensure that we are ready to power our 
customers’ success in the future, just as 
we have throughout the past 98 years. 

Our Board of Directors has taken an active 
role in the development and oversight of 
our strategy, which is discussed at every 
meeting, and our plans are stronger for 
the insights and questions that they have 
brought to our discussions.

Living Our Values  

In 2017, we launched our refreshed  
mission, vision and values to provide clear 
direction on what matters to us the most.  
Cummins has always been a values-driven 
company and this is core to our strategy.  
As we strive for wealth creation for all 
stakeholders, what we do is equally as 
important as how we do it.

For example, I am incredibly proud that  
83 percent of global employees participated 
in the Every Employee Every Community 
program, and contributed 365,006 hours 
of service to improving their communities 
worldwide. Caring comes alive for us in our 
commitment to understanding the unique 
challenges our communities face, working 
with them to provide sustainable solutions 
and driving outcomes to ensure that our 
communities are stronger because of 
Cummins’ presence. 

 
 

Looking Ahead

We are confident that the investments  
we made in our people, products and 
services in 2017 will ensure that the 
company continues to help our customers 
win in their markets and create long-term 
value for our shareholders.  

 

Tom Linebarger 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  
Cummins Inc.

The success of our business also 
depends on our ability to create a diverse 
and inclusive culture both internally and 
externally, and use it to our competitive 
advantage. We recognize and appreciate 
that the differences brought by our 
employees, our customers and suppliers 
ultimately allow us to deliver superior results. 
It is critical to our ability to innovate, to win 
in the marketplace and our sustainable 
success. Our more than 100 affinity groups 
and local diversity councils for employees 
help promote diversity and inclusion  
across the globe, making Cummins one  
of DiversityInc’s “Top Companies for 
Diversity” for the 11th straight year. 

Similarly, our corporate responsibility, 
sustainability and work environment 
efforts have been recognized by external 
organizations. Those include Ethisphere 
for our ranking on the ethical company 
list for the 10th year, Employer Excellence 
Cummins China, Commendation for 
Significant Achievement in Corporate Social 
Responsibility at the Confederation of Indian 
Industry ICT Sustainability Awards, and the 
“Best Place to Work” for the 13th straight 
year by the Corporate Equality Index.

 
 
 

