A N N U A L

  R E P O R T

2017MERCHANT 
ACQUIRER

ISSUER 
PROCESSOR

billion

MANAGED CARD ACCOUNTS ON FILE 

billion

4.3

TRANSACTIONS 
ROUTED WITH STAR

680

GIFT CARDS  ISSUED

million

93 TRANSACTIONS PROCESSED

billion

100+
countries

WITH FIRST DATA CLIENTS

million

POS AND ATM 
LOCATIONS WITH STAR

4,000

FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

6 million

MERCHANT LOCATIONS

$2.4 trillion

PROCESSED

billion

9 TRANSACTIONS 

ENCRYPTED AND TOKENIZED

34 countries

WITH OPERATIONS

130+ CURRENCIES 

SUPPORTED
FOR eCOMMERCE

4

2

Who We Are
Who We Are

First Data is committed to building next-generation commerce solutions  
for millions of businesses and financial institutions worldwide. We enable  
frictionless shopping experiences securely and at scale across all channels, 
globally. With superior technology solutions and data analytics, solving 
unique business challenges and helping clients grow is at our core. Whether 
optimizing the economics of payment acceptance or enhancing consumer 
loyalty with mobile apps, First Data delivers. 

3

Financial Highlights

Total Segment 
Revenue
(in USD Millions)

Segment  
EBITDA
(in USD Millions)

Segment  
EBITDA Margin

Free Cash Flow
(in USD Millions)

8
2
4
7

,

1
4
1
,
7

8
4
0
,
7

4
0
9
6

,

2
7
0
3

,

2
9
8
2

,

0
3
7
,
2

3
6
6
2

,

%
4
.
1
4

%
5
0
4

.

%
7
8
3

.

%
6
8
3

.

9
5
3
,
1

6
1
2
,
1

)
)
9
9
1
1
1
1
(
(

2
0
2

7
1
0
2

6
1
0
2

5
1
0
2

4
1
0
2

7
1
0
2

6
1
0
2

5
1
0
2

4
1
0
2

7
1
0
2

6
1
0
2

5
1
0
2

4
1
0
2

7
1
0
2

6
1
0
2

5
1
0
2

4
1
0
2

2
4

Four Years Ended December 31 (in millions, except per share data and percentages)

Revenues

Total Segment Revenue

Operating Profit 

Segment EBITDA 

Segment EBITDA Margin

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to First Data

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Free Cash Flow

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding

Basic

Diluted

Balance Sheet Data

Total Assets 

Total Liabilities

Long-term Borrowings 

Total Equity

2017
 12,052

 7,428

 1,714

 3,072 

 41.4%

 1,465

 2,047

 1,359

2016
 11,584

 7,141

 1,602

 2,892 

 40.5%

 420

 2,111

 1,216

2015
 11,451

 7,048

 1,170 

 2,730

 38.7%

 (1,481)

 795

 (119)

2014
 11,152

 6,904

 1,438

 2,663

 38.6%

 (458)

 1,035 

 202

 915,870,759 

 901,671,872

 192,263,793

 939,767,019

 921,001,863 

 192,263,793

 1,000

 1,000

 48,269

 42,183

 17,927

 6,014

 40,292 

 36,088 

 18,131

 4,131

 34,362

 30,625

 18,737

 3,660

 34,034

 31,434

 20,697

 2,530

See Note 7 “Segment Information” included on pages 87-90 within our consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of Segment EBITDA to net income (loss) attributable 
to First Data Corporation, total revenue to segment revenue and metrics used to calculate segment EBITDA margin.

For a reconciliation of GAAP cash flow provided by operations to free cash flow, see ITEM 7 “Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” 
under the header “Free cash flow” included on pages 53-54.

55

Message from  
the Chairman 
and CEO

Dear Shareholders, 

For First Data, 2017 was another solid year of execution against our strategy. Importantly, 
we accelerated our ongoing transformation from a payment processor to a technology 
company, keenly focused on innovating for all of our clients, whether they are small 
merchants or the world’s largest financial institutions. I am proud of the progress made, and  
I am committed to further strengthening our position as a market leader in global commerce. 

“Our 2017 financial 
results placed us 
on solid footing 
to continue to 
execute in 2018 
and beyond.”

HELPING OUR CLIENTS 
GROW THEIR BUSINESSES 
THROUGH INNOVATION
Our core mission is to help our clients 
grow their business. We believe the 
most sustainable way to do this is 
through innovation. Given our existing 
product breadth, distribution channels, 
and deep industry knowledge, we 
have a unique ability to create and 
scale innovation in this industry. 

Innovation at First Data includes 
many areas, such as mobile solutions 
for issuers, new form factors and 
access modes for merchants, easier 
integration methods for developers, 
and security and data analytics 
solutions for all clients. Whether 
the need is for in-store, online, 
mobile, or through a connected 
device, First Data is positioned to 
bring the solutions together.

Every day, all over the world, our 
employees deliver on our purpose to 
help our clients grow their businesses. 
We deploy our technology and 
innovation to clients of all types, so 
they can better compete. We are 
confident that helping our clients 
succeed will generate growth for  
First Data and create shareholder value. 

Our 2017 financial results placed us on 
solid footing to continue to execute in 
2018 and beyond. We generated $7.4 
billion of total segment revenue, repre-
senting growth of 4% year-over-year 
on an organic constant currency basis, 
with each of our business segments, 
Global Business Solutions (GBS), Global 
Financial Solutions (GFS), and Network 
and Security Solutions (NSS), contrib-
uting to that growth. Our segment 
EBITDA of $3.1 billion increased 6%, 
and margins improved once again in 
2017. This, combined with the steps 
we’ve taken to strengthen our balance 
sheet and reduce interest expense, 
resulted in our adjusted earnings 
per share growing a healthy 15%. 

4
6

ENHANCING SHAREHOLDER VALUE
We are making solid progress to 
build a balanced and sustainable 
growth trajectory. Our strategy 
to drive shareholder value is 
underpinned by five key objectives: 

1  Transform our merchant 

acquiring business

2  Take Clover to the next level

3  Deepen our business with 

enterprise clients

4  Expand our international business

5  Continue deleveraging

 1 |   TRANSFORM OUR MERCHANT 

ACQUIRING BUSINESS

First Data’s merchant acquiring 
business is being transformed for 
both small businesses and large 
clients. Our focus is on three areas:

Digitize our SMB business with 
bank partners: We remain deeply 
committed to our bank partners. 
The way we work with our partners 
to acquire and serve merchants is 
expanding to include online channels, 
which will streamline and accelerate 
the account acquisition process. 

We are making several enhancements 
which will simplify and dramatically 
shorten the time for a small business 
to secure a new merchant acquiring 
account from days to just a few 
seconds. With new digital sign-up tools 
that easily integrate with our bank 
partners’ websites and online banking 
applications, merchants can apply 
for an account online and receive an 
approval in one seamless interaction. 
Digital capabilities are also being 
made available to existing merchants 
to enhance self-service capabilities 
that will enable our clients to provision 
their hardware and other requests. 

Take share in the ISV channel:  
The independent software vendor (ISV) 
market is one of the fastest growing 

channels in our industry. In 2017, we 
acquired two ISV partner-enabling 
providers, CardConnect and BluePay, 
both highly complementary to each 
other. The differentiated capabilities 
of these acquisitions, combined with 
the power of the Clover platform and 
First Data’s scale, position us to rapidly 
take market share in the integrated 
software market in the coming years. 

Capitalize on eCommerce:  
We have changed the way we package 
our eCommerce solutions, providing 
merchants with a single point of 
integration that brings together  
critical components for online payment 
acceptance. These include fraud 
detection, reporting and analytics, 
alternative payment acceptance, a 
payment facilitator solution, and the 
introduction of global disbursements.

With the acquisition of Acculynk in May, 
we advanced our eCommerce offering 
with unique debit solutions including 
least-cost routing technology, which 
helps clients materially lower their 
overall cost of payment acceptance.  
In addition, Acculynk brings 
us disbursement capabilities, 
allowing us to enable high-growth 
brands to pay their “sharing 
economy” workers worldwide. 

With more than half of global 
eCommerce consumers shopping 
across borders, we launched our  
Local Payments solution last year, 
which enables digital businesses and

their customers to pay and be paid 
with more than 190 regional payment 
types. We also launched Global PFAC, 
which makes it easy for payment 
facilitators of all sizes to manage the 
payment needs of their customers. 

2 |   TAKE CLOVER TO 
THE NEXT LEVEL 

Five years ago, Clover was a concept 
with only a handful of engineers. Now, 
the Clover point-of-sale platform is a 
recognized disrupter that is rapidly 
scaling. Clover processes approximately 
$50 billion of annualized volume  
and partners with hundreds of  
developers – but this is only  
the beginning. 

Today, Clover is available in five unique 
models, providing flexibility to meet 
the needs of the different environ-
ments in which small and medium 
size businesses operate. Merchants 
ranging from food trucks and small 
retailers, to regional coffee house 
chains and even the largest stadiums, 
have all experienced how Clover can 
help them grow their businesses.

We have set an aggressive product 
roadmap and will continue to elevate 
the Clover merchant experience in 
2018. We started shipping a new 
version of Clover Station in February. 
Merchants appreciate the advanced 
software that expedites transaction 
speeds, the larger display, and 
a printer that now has a built-in, 
customer-facing screen. We are in the 

Clover Flex in action at a cafe.

process of expanding 

7

the process of expanding our Clover 
platform with additional enhance-
ments including eCommerce and 
virtual terminal. Together, with 
updates to the Clover dashboard and 
reporting, we will continue to differ-
entiate our platform in the market. 

Another critical focus is broadening 
Clover’s global footprint. Three years 
ago, we successfully launched Clover 
in the U.K. and Ireland, and we recently 
launched Clover in Germany and 
Austria. We expect further geographic 
expansion in 2018, as we look to make 
Clover available in Canada and parts 
of Latin America later this year. Beyond 
geographies, we are also expanding 
Clover’s distribution in retail locations. 

3 |   DEEPEN OUR BUSINESS WITH 

ENTERPRISE CLIENTS

We remain focused on expanding 
our business with enterprise clients, 
including large merchants, financial 
institutions, and the public sector. 
These entities are often global, 
complex, and maintain diverse 
technology platforms. Given our 
scale and breadth of solutions, 
these are challenges that First Data 
is uniquely positioned to solve.  

We continue to make investments to 
heighten our industry expertise in key 
verticals such as insurance, healthcare, 
government, and automotive. Deep 
vertical knowledge is critical to our 
success as it enables us to have 
a consultative approach which is 
essential to serving enterprise clients. 
We invite clients to collaborate with 
us in our Innovation Lab to find 
the right, or even new, solutions 
that meet their objectives. 

For all of our clients, we have made 
significant product enhance-
ments to our suite of solutions. 

We help enterprise merchants engage 
with their customers through mobile 
solutions, which are particularly 

resonating today with quick-service 
restaurants, retailers, and petroleum 
providers. In addition, we help our 
clients optimize their total cost of 
acceptance through solutions such 
as Acculynk’s least-cost debit routing 
technology, prepaid solutions, check 
acceptance, retail private label cards, 
and the STAR debit network. 

For financial institutions, we provide a 
turnkey solution suite for card issuers, 
including processing, card person-
alization, statement services, fraud 
solutions, voice services, and more. In 
addition, these clients are beginning 
to benefit from the significant recent 
investments First Data made in the 
STAR debit network, including cutting-
edge fraud technology and new 
cardholder verification methods.  
First Data is also expanding our 
solutions for financial institutions to 
include offerings such as lending at the 
point-of-sale and mobile solutions. 

4 |   EXPAND OUR  

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 

Our international growth story 
continues to improve and represents 
a very important growth lever. 
Representing more than $1.7 billion, 
or nearly one quarter of our global 
revenue, our international revenue 
grew in the mid-teens on an organic 
constant currency basis in 2017.    

In LATAM, our growth is primarily 
driven by our presence in Brazil and 
Argentina. Our Brazilian merchant 
acquiring business was a greenfield 
operation just four years ago, but 
now generates approximately $125 
million of annualized revenue, and 
is growing rapidly. We also continue 
to expand into attractive new 
markets like Colombia and believe 
these investments, in addition to 
our existing footprint, will help 
us to maintain our momentum in 
the region for years to come. 

In APAC, we see an excellent 
growth opportunity that we are 
well positioned to leverage, as large 
parts of the region are in the early 
stages of conversion from cash to 
electronic payments. In India, our 
merchant acquiring business has seen 
strong growth in new merchants and 
volume. Our GFS segment continues 
to sign new business with leading 
banks across the region, leveraging 
First Data’s industry-leading global 
issuing software solution VisionPLUS. 

In EMEA, we continue to focus on 
growth in new markets like the 
Middle East, while also expanding 
our offerings in established markets 
such as the U.K. and Germany. We are 
realizing success in the EMEA region 
by further expanding our enterprise 
sales model and by signing multiple 
notable wins, including several major 
issuer processing agreements.  

5 |   CONTINUE DELEVERAGING
A signature of First Data’s business 
is strong free cash flow generation, 
which grew by 12% to nearly $1.4 
billion in 2017. As we look ahead to 
the next few years, we will remain 
intensely focused on reducing our 
leverage by paying down debt with 
free cash flow while also evaluating 
opportunities to monetize non-core 
assets within our global portfolio. 
We have made notable progress 
in this regard over the past several 
years because we understand the 
importance of a strong balance sheet 
and remain committed to significantly 
reducing our leverage ratio further. 

OUR CULTURE: DIVERSITY, 
INCLUSION, AND CORPORATE 
CITIZENSHIP 
I firmly believe that diversity enhances 
our workplace and makes First Data 
a better partner for our diverse 
client base. In 2017, we made a 
number of strides that reflect this. 

6
8

A pillar of our culture is our commitment
to fostering an open and inclusive 
environment that is beneficial to a
range of backgrounds, including 
race, sexual orientation, gender, and 
experience. This year I signed the CEO 
Action for Diversity & Inclusion Pledge, 
which commits First Data to imple-
menting a series of steps to cultivate
a trusting environment and educating
our employees about unconscious bias. 
First Data is also home to a number of
employee resource groups that offer 
support and networking to employees
from a range of backgrounds. 

Some examples of our efforts
in this regard include:

• A gender-neutral paid parental

leave program launched at the start
of the year, providing parents with 
the time off needed to welcome a 
new child to their home without the
financial constraints of unpaid leave.

• This past year we partnered with
Girls Who Code, inviting them into
our offices to learn more about how 
to build a career in technology. 
As a technology company, we are 
dedicated to supporting women in
science, technology, engineering, 
and mathematics (STEM).

• We also have an initiative 

underway to become one of the 
first FORTUNE 500 companies
to achieve gender pay equity.

• Our First Data Salutes program,

which is focused on military
engagement, rolled out a
new analyst program to 
recruit top military talent.

We are being recognized for these
efforts. For the fourth year in a row,
we scored 100 on the Human Rights
Campaign Corporate Equality Index.
I am proud to see First Data acknowl-
edged year after year as a leader
in corporate policies and practices 
pertinent to LGBTQ employees. We
were ranked No. 1 on the prestigious
“Best for Vets” 2017 list published by
The Military Times. And, most recently,
we were named to the Bloomberg
Equality Index, which measures gender
equality across internal company
statistics, employee policies, external
community support, and engagement.

Nothing speaks more to our
commitment to our clients, employees,
and the communities where we
operate, than our response to the 
devastating hurricanes and wildfires
that the U.S. experienced in 2017.
First Data acted immediately, donating
funds to the American Red Cross 
and First Data’s Employee Hardship
Fund. Our Incident Response team
was also on the ground when the
storms hit, delivering essential items
to those in need. We rushed in
thousands of Clover Go devices to
replace damaged equipment free of
charge, for existing and new clients.

In closing, 2017 was a year of solid
performance for First Data. We
achieved our financial goals and
executed against a number of key 
strategic initiatives we prioritized at
the start of the year. We look forward

First Data was on the ground to
help employees, businesses,
and communities, following
Hurricane Harvey and
Hurricane Irma.

Our STAR® Debit Network gives cardholders safe
access to their money virtually anytime and anywhere 
they want with 1.1 million POS and ATM locations.

to making further progress against
these strategies and building on our
current momentum in the years ahead. 

I want to thank our clients for their 
continued commitment to First Data
and our employees for their relentless
focus on innovation to help our
clients succeed. I also would like to
acknowledge our diverse and deeply
experienced Board of Directors for
the critical role they play in providing
guidance to the company.

Lastly, I want to thank our investors
for their support of First Data.
We look forward to continuing
this journey together.

Sincerely,

Frank J. Bisignano 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

99

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K 

 

  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

OR

  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from              to              

Commission file number 001-11073

FIRST DATA CORPORATION 

DELAWARE

(State of incorporation)

 
 

47-0731996

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

225 LIBERTY STREET, 29th FLOOR, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10281

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

 

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (800) 735-3362

 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

  No 

  No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.  Yes 
  No 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for 
the past 90 days.  Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to 
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not 
be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any 
amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See 
definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

  No 

  

Large accelerated filer 
Non-accelerated filer 

 
 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 
Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or 
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

  No 

Class

Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share
Class B Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Outstanding at January 31, 2018

482,944,477 shares
443,274,651 shares

As of June 30, 2017 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the Class A Common 
Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $6.9 billion (based on the closing price of the registrant's Class A Common Stock on that date as reported on 
the New York Stock Exchange).

Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 10, 2018 are incorporated by reference in Part III.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

1

 

 

 

PAGE 

NUMBER 

INDEX 

 

Properties 

PART I. 
Item 1.  Business 
Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments 
Item 2. 
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings 
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
PART II. 
Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 

 

Securities 
Selected Financial Data 

 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Item 6. 
Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
Item 8. 
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures 
Item 9B.  Other Information 
 
PART III. 
Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
Item 11.  Executive Compensation 
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

4 
19 
29 
29 
30 
30 

31 

32 
34 
60 
61 
110 
110 
112 

112 
112 
112 
112 
112 

 

 

 

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, financial data in this Form 10-K reflects the consolidated business 
and operations of First Data Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references 
herein  to  “First  Data,”  “FDC,”  the  “Company,”  “we,”  “our,”  or  “us”  refer  to  First  Data  Corporation  and  its  consolidated 
subsidiaries. 
 
Amounts in this Form 10-K and the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K are presented in U.S. Dollars 
rounded to the nearest million, unless otherwise noted.

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
Certain matters we discuss in this Form 10-K and in other public statements may constitute forward-looking statements. You can 
identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” 
“intends,” “plans,” “estimates,” or “anticipates” or similar expressions which concern our strategy, plans, projections or intentions. 
Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, all statements we make relating to revenue, earnings before 
net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA), earnings, margins, growth rates, and other financial 
results for future periods. By their nature, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made; are not statements 
of historical fact or guarantees of future performance; and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions or changes in circumstances 
that are difficult to predict or quantify. Actual results could differ materially and adversely from our forward-looking statements 
due to a variety of factors, including the following: (1) adverse impacts from global economic, political, and other conditions 
affecting trends in consumer, business, and government spending; (2) our ability to anticipate and respond to changing industry 
trends, including technological changes and increasing competition; (3) our ability to successfully renew existing client contracts 
on favorable terms and obtain new clients; (4) our ability to prevent a material breach of security of any of our systems; (5) our 
ability to implement and improve processing systems to provide new products, improve functionality, and increase efficiencies; 
(6) the successful management of our merchant alliance program which involves several alliances not under our sole control and 
each of which acts independently of the others; (7) our successful management of credit and fraud risks in our business units and 
merchant alliances, particularly in the context of eCommerce and mobile markets; (8) consolidation among financial institution 
clients or other client groups that impacts our client relationships; (9) our ability to use our net operating losses without restriction 
to offset income for US tax purposes; (10) our ability to improve our profitability and maintain flexibility in our capital resources 
through the implementation of cost savings initiatives; (11) the acquisition or disposition of a material business or assets; (12) our 
ability to successfully value and integrate acquired businesses; (13) our high degree of leverage; (14) adverse impacts from currency 
exchange rates or currency controls imposed by any government or otherwise; (15) changes in the interest rate environment that 
increase interest on our borrowings or the interest rate at which we can refinance our borrowings; (16) the impact of new or changes 
in current laws, regulations, credit card association rules, or other industry standards; and (17) new lawsuits, investigations, or 
proceedings, or changes to our potential exposure in connection with pending lawsuits, investigations or proceedings, and various 
other factors discussed throughout this report, including but not limited to, Item 1 - Business, Item 1A - Risk Factors, and Item 7 
- Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Except as required by law, we do not 
intend to revise or update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

3

PART I 

BUSINESS 

ITEM 1. 
 
General
 
First Data Corporation sits at the center of global electronic commerce. We believe we offer our clients the most complete array 
of integrated solutions in the industry, covering their needs across next-generation commerce technologies, merchant acquiring, 
issuing, and network solutions. We serve our clients in over 100 countries, reaching over 6 million business locations and over 
4,000 financial institutions. We believe we have the industry’s largest distribution network, driven by our partnerships with many 
of the world’s leading financial institutions, our direct sales force, and a network of distribution partners. We are the largest merchant 
acquirer, issuer processor, and independent network services provider in the world, enabling businesses to accept electronic 
payments, helping financial institutions issue credit, debit and prepaid cards, and routing secure transactions between them. In 
2017, we processed 93 billion transactions globally, or approximately 3,000 per second. In our largest market, the United States, 
we processed approximately $2.1 trillion of payment volume, which represents over 10% of United States gross domestic product 
(GDP) last year.

We have operations and offices located within the United States (U.S.) (domestic) and outside of the U.S. (international) where 
sales, customer service and/or administrative personnel are based. Total revenues from processing domestic and international 
transactions as a percentage of total revenues and total long lived assets attributable to domestic and international operations as a 
percentage of total long lived assets, are displayed in the below table. 

 

Total generated from processing transactions: 
   Domestic
   International 
Long-lived assets attributable to operations: 
   Domestic
   International 

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

85%
15%

89%
11%

85%
15%

89%
11%

86%
14%

89%
11%

No country outside the US is greater than 10% of our total revenues or long-lived assets during any of the years presented in the 
above table. Further financial information relating to our international and domestic revenues and long-lived assets is set forth in 
note 7 "Segment Information" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Our business is characterized by transaction and account related fees, multi-year contracts, and a diverse client base, which allows 
us to grow alongside our clients. Our multi-year contracts allow us to achieve a high level of recurring revenues with the same 
clients. While the contracts typically do not specify fixed revenues to be realized thereunder, they do provide a framework for 
revenues to be generated based on volume of services provided during such contract's term. Our business also generally requires 
minimal incremental capital expenditures and working capital to support additional revenue within our existing business lines.

Products and Services Segments Information

We provide a range of solutions to businesses and financial institutions across the value chain of commerce-enabling services and 
technologies.  We  deliver  our  value-added  solutions  from  a  suite  of  proprietary  technology  products,  software,  cloud-based 
applications, processing services, security offerings, and customer support programs that we configure to meet our clients' individual 
needs. 

We operate three segments: Global Business Solutions (GBS), Global Financial Solutions (GFS), and Network & Security Solutions 
(NSS). Our segments are designed to establish global lines of businesses that support our global client base and allow us to further 
globalize our solutions while working seamlessly with our geographic teams across our regions: the United States and Canada 
(North America); Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Latin America (LATAM); and Asia Pacific (APAC) and be supported 
by a corporate team focused on company-wide issues.

•  Global Business Solutions - GBS provides a wide-range of solutions to merchants. These solutions include retail point-
of-sale merchant acquiring and eCommerce services as well as next-generation offerings such as mobile payment services, 

4

and our cloud-based Clover point-of-sale operating system, which includes a marketplace for proprietary and third-party 
business applications.

•  Global Financial Solutions - GFS provides technology solutions for bank and non-bank issuers. These solutions include 
general purpose credit, retail private label, commercial card, and loan processing within the United States and international 
markets, as well as licensed financial software systems, such as our VisionPLUS processing application. GFS also provides 
financial  institutions  with  a  suite  of  account  services  including  card  personalization  and  embossing,  customer 
communications, remittance processing, professional services, and customer servicing, including call center solutions 
and back office processing. 

•  Network & Security Solutions - NSS provides a wide range of value-added solutions that we sell to clients in our GBS 
and GFS segments, smaller financial institutions, and other enterprise clients. These solutions include our EFT network 
solutions, such as our STAR Network, our debit card processing solutions, our Stored Value Network solutions, such as 
Money Network, Gift Solutions and our Security and Fraud solutions, such as TransArmor and TeleCheck. NSS also 
supports our other digital strategies, including online and mobile banking, and our business supporting mobile wallets.

See "Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for a detailed explanation 
of our operating results. Segment products and services are illustrated below:

Global Business Solutions 

Global Financial Solutions 

Network & Security Solutions

(GBS)

(GFS)

(NSS)

Clients: 

Businesses and business
owners of all types and sizes

Financial Institutions and other 
issuers of all sizes 

GBS and GFS clients, small 
banks, and other enterprises

Goals:

To help businesses grow 
commerce at the retail, 
online, and mobile POS

To help issuers empower their 
customers to transact

To help connect, manage, 
protect, and secure our clients’ 
data

Key 
Solutions: 

2017
Segment 
Revenue:

Adjusted 
EBITDA:

(cid:129)   Merchant Acquiring
(cid:129)   eCommerce
(cid:129)   Clover POS Technology
(cid:129)   Business Software
(cid:129)   Marketing/Loyalty
(cid:129)   ISV and partner solutions

(cid:129)   Credit/Retail Private Label
     processing
(cid:129)   Loans processing
(cid:129)   VisionPLUS Software
(cid:129)   Output Services
(cid:129)   Customer Servicing Solutions

(cid:129)   EFT Network solutions
(STAR, debit processing)

(cid:129)   Stored Value Network
     Solutions (Valuelink,
 MoneyNetwork, Gyft)

(cid:129)   Security/Risk Management 

$4.3 billion, up 5% from 2016

$1.6 billion, up 2% from 2016

$1.5 billion, up 4% from 2016

$1.8 billion, up 6% from 2016

$686 million, up 6% from  2016

$729 million, up 9% from 2016

The  segments’  profit  measure  is  a  form  of  EBITDA  (earnings  before  net  interest  expense,  income  taxes,  depreciation,  and 
amortization). A discussion of factors potentially affecting our operations is set forth in Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K. 

We do not have any significant customers that account for 10% or more of total consolidated revenues.

5

Overview of Payment Processing

The processing of a traditional card transaction includes two sub-processes: (1) capture and authorization and (2) clearing and 
settlement. Below is an illustrative diagram of the flow of a typical card transaction and an explanation of each step in the process.

DIAGRAM OF A TRADITIONAL

PAYMENT PROCESSING TRANSACTION

(Initiated at a physical, online, or mobile point-of-sale)

14

13

ACQUIRING BANK

PAYMENT
NETWORKS

CARD ISSUING BANK

8

11

4

7

5

12

PROVIDING SOLUTIONS ACROSS THE 
PAYMENT PROCESSING VALUE CHAIN

CAPTURE AND AUTHORIZATION

CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT

ACQUIRER/
PROCESSOR

10

3

9

6

CARD ISSUER
PROCESSOR

Billing/Statement

Payment

9

2

1

Credit/Debit Card payment

BUSINESS

POS

Goods and Services

CONSUMER

Capture and Authorization

In the capture and authorization process, the business obtains approval for payment from the card issuing bank. This process 
includes the following steps:

1.  Once the consumer is ready to make a purchase, he or she presents their card for payment;
2.  The card is swiped in the Point-of-Sale (POS) device at the business location, which captures the account information 

contained on the card's magnetic stripe or Europay, MasterCard and Visa (EMV) - compliant chip;

• 

• 

In a mobile commerce transaction facilitated by a mobile wallet, such as Apple Pay, the appropriate card details 
are stored virtually on an application on the phone and transmitted to the POS device through a chip equipped 
with near-field communication (NFC) technology;
In an eCommerce transaction, the POS device is replaced by a virtual terminal application and the consumer 
types the card number into the check-out page of the online storefront. In some circumstances, an online wallet, 
such as PayPal, may be used to transmit the appropriate payment credentials;

3.  The customer's card details are transmitted from the POS to the merchant acquirer, or the merchant acquirer's processor, 

via an internet connection or a phone line;

6

• 

In an eCommerce transaction, the information is encrypted and then transmitted to the merchant acquirer, or 
merchant acquirer's processor, via an online gateway;

4.  The merchant acquirer, or the merchant acquirer's processor, identifies the appropriate payment network affiliated with 

the card, such as Visa, MasterCard, or STAR, and forwards the card details to the appropriate network;

5.  The payment network receives the request for payment authorization, identifies the appropriate card issuing bank, and 

routes the transaction to the bank or its issuer processor;

6.  The card issuing bank, or its issuer processor, receives the request and then executes a series of inquiries into its account 
systems to assess the potential risk of fraud for the transaction, establish that the account is in good standing, and verify 
that the cardholder has sufficient credit or adequate funds to cover the amount of the transaction;

7.  The card issuing bank, or its issuer processor, approves or declines the transaction and sends back the response to the 

payment network. In this example the transaction is approved;

8.  The payment network receives the approval and forwards the authorization to the merchant acquirer, or merchant acquirer's 

processor; and

9.  The merchant acquirer, or merchant acquirer's processor, sends the authorization back to the POS device at the business 

location, which provides an approval confirmation and prints a receipt;

• 

• 

In  a  mobile  commerce  transaction,  the  approval  confirmation  and  receipt  may  also  be  transmitted  to  the 
consumer's mobile wallet application or to the consumer via email;
In an eCommerce transaction, the authorization is sent to the online storefront, which communicates the approval 
to the consumer on the screen, and may provide the receipt for printing online or via email.

Clearing and Settlement

In the clearing and settlement process, a request for payment is initiated, funds are transferred and the transaction is posted to the 
business owner's and the consumer's account statements. The clearing and settlement process includes the following steps:

10.  Typically at the end of the day, the business submits a batch of all of its approved authorizations to the merchant acquirer, 

or the merchant acquirer's processor, through a function on its POS device;

• 

In the case of an eCommerce business, the online storefront's gateway sends the batch to the merchant acquirer, 
or to the merchant acquirer's processor;

11.  The merchant acquirer, or the merchant acquirer's processor, receives the batch, notes the final amounts due for settlement, 

and routes the batch of approved authorizations to each applicable payment network;

12.  Each payment network sends the batch of approved authorizations to the applicable card issuing bank, or its issuer 

processor, which posts the transaction to the consumer's statement;

13.  Typically within 48 hours, the payment network calculates net settlement positions for the merchant acquirer and the 
card issuing bank, sends advisements to the merchant acquirer and card issuing bank, and submits a fund transfer order 
to a settlement bank; and

14.  The settlement bank facilitates the exchange of funds between the merchant acquirer and the card issuing bank; and the 

merchant acquirer transfers the funds to the business owner's account.

Global Business Solutions Segment 

The following table presents GBS information as a percentage of total segment revenue and segment EBITDA: 

 

 

Segment revenue
Segment EBITDA

Year ended December  31,

2017

2016

2015

57%
59%

57%
60%

58%
62%

See note 7 "Segment Information" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a detail of 
segment revenue and segment EBITDA results. 

Global Business Solutions Operations Our largest segment, GBS, provides businesses of all sizes and types with a wide range 
of solutions at the point of sale, including merchant acquiring, eCommerce, mobile commerce, POS, and other business solutions. 
We served approximately 3.6 million business locations in the United States and 2.7 million outside the United States. GBS' largest 
service is merchant acquiring, which facilitates the acceptance of commercial transactions at the POS, whether a retail transaction 
at a physical business location, a mobile commerce transaction through a mobile or tablet device, or an eCommerce transaction 
over the Internet. In 2017, we processed $2.1 trillion of payment volume in the United States and over $300 billion of payment 
volume outside the United States. 

7

GBS employs a variety of go-to-market strategies. GBS operates direct sales teams and also partners with indirect non-bank sales 
forces, such as independent sales agents, independent sales organizations (ISOs), independent software vendors (ISVs), value 
added retailers (VARs), and payment services providers (PSPs) to sell our commerce solutions to Small and Medium Sized Business 
(SMBs). In addition, GBS leverages the powerful sales capabilities of its bank partners to go to market through several structures, 
including joint venture equity alliances, revenue sharing alliances, and referral agreements. 

GBS segment revenues are primarily derived from processing credit and debit card transactions for merchants and other business 
clients and includes fees for providing processing, loyalty and software services, and sales and leases of POS devices. Revenues 
are generated from a variety of sources, including:

•  Discount fees charged to a merchant, net of credit and debit card interchange and assessment fees charged by the payment 
networks. The discount fee is typically either a percentage of the purchase amount or an interchange fee plus a fixed 
dollar amount;
Processing fees charged to our alliances; 
Processing fees charged to merchant acquirers who have outsourced their transaction processing to us; 
Sales and leases of POS devices;  
Fees from providing reporting and other services; and
Software fees such as security applications and Clover related fees. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

We typically provide these services as part of a broader commerce-enabling solution to our business clients across multiple channels, 
including:

•  Retail POS - Physical businesses or storefront locations, such as retailers, supermarkets, restaurants, and petroleum 

stations, with brick and mortar facilities; 

•  Mobile POS - Physical businesses with remote or wireless storefront locations, such as small retailers and service providers 

that use mobile devices to accept electronic payments; and 

•  Online POS (eCommerce) - Online businesses or website locations, such as retailers, digital content providers, and mobile 

app developers with Internet-based storefronts that can be accessed through a personal computer or a mobile device.

Clover Operating System Clover is an open architecture, integrated POS operating system, with a full suite of integrated hardware 
and software offerings. With Clover, we have designed one of the largest open architecture platforms of commerce-enabling 
solutions and applications in the world. The family of Clover devices includes the Clover Station, Clover Mobile, Clover Mini, 
Clover Go, and now Clover Flex; each providing a broad range of next-generation features and software applications designed to 
help business clients conduct commerce. 

Through  December  31,  2017,  we  have  shipped  over  750,000  Clover  devices  and  the  current  Clover  platform  processes 
approximately $50 billion in payment volume annually. Within Clover, we also offer a cloud-based Clover App Market for business 
applications. Our application marketplace is designed specifically to provide merchants with integrated software applications that 
they can download and install quickly and easily on their Clover devices. As of December 31, 2017, the Clover App Market has 
over 300 active  applications. We already offer Clover throughout North America and within numerous countries in EMEA, and 
we are in the process of rolling Clover out to other international regions. Furthermore, we believe Clover  improves client retention 
because it becomes core to our clients' businesses, and positions us as a value-added partner. For example, business owners may 
use applications in the Clover App Market to manage their employees' work schedules, operate customer loyalty programs, integrate 
transaction information directly into their accounting software, manage inventory, and provide analytics on their business.

Global Business Solutions Competition GBS competes with merchant acquirers that include Worldpay and Global Payments, in 
addition  to  financial  institutions  that  provide  acquiring  and  processing  services  to  businesses  on  their  own,  such  as  Chase 
Paymentech Solutions, Elavon (a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp), and Barclaycard. In many cases, our alliance and commercial 
partners compete against each other. Additionally, payment networks such as Visa and MasterCard are increasingly offering 
products and services that compete with our suite of solutions. Competitors of our next-generation services include PayPal, Braintree 
(a subsidiary of PayPal), CyberSource (a subsidiary of Visa Inc.), Adyen, and Stripe, along with integrated point of sale providers 
such as Micros, Square, and others.

The primary competitive factors impacting GBS are brand, data security, breadth of features and functionality, ease of technological 
integration, strength of financial institution partnerships, price, and servicing capability. Other factors impacting GBS include 
consolidation among large businesses and financial institutions, the pace of integrated point of sale solution development, and the 
creation of new payment methods and related technologies.

8

Global Business Solutions Seasonality GBS experiences a modest level of seasonality, with the first quarter representing the 
lowest level of sales and the fourth quarter representing the highest level of sales. Over the past eight quarters, GBS' quarterly 
revenue as a percentage of total yearly revenue has ranged between 24% and 26%.

Global Business Solutions Geographic Mix and Revenues GBS generates approximately 77% of its revenues from clients in our 
North America region, 13% from clients in the EMEA region, 6% from clients in our LATAM region, and 4% from clients in our 
APAC region. GBS revenues and earnings are impacted by the number of transactions and payment volume, the mix of consumer 
usage of credit cards, debit cards, and the size of the business. 

Global Business Solutions Acquisitions and Dispositions  On May 1, 2017, we acquired Accullink Inc. (Acculynk), a leading 
technology company that delivers eCommerce solutions for debit card acceptance, for $85 million, net of cash acquired. The 
acquisition included Acculynk's PaySecure debit routing technology and its range of other services.

On July 6, 2017, we acquired CardConnect Corp. (CardConnect) for $763 million, net of cash acquired. CardConnect is an 
innovative provider of payment processing and technology solutions and was one of our largest distribution partners. The transaction 
is expected to enable us to bring innovative partner management tools to improve merchant retention, accelerate our firm-wide 
independent software vendor (ISV) initiative and bring immediate capabilities in enterprise resource planning (ERP) integrated 
payment solutions to our customers.

On December 1, 2017, we acquired BluePay Holdings, Inc. (BluePay) for $759 million, net of cash acquired. BluePay is a provider 
of technology-enabled payment processing for merchants in the U.S. and Canada and was one of our largest distribution partners 
with a strong focus on software-enabled payments and card-not-present transactions.  The transaction is expected to be highly 
complementary to our earlier acquisition of CardConnect and enhance our suite of innovative partner management tools to improve 
merchant retention, accelerate our firm-wide ISV initiative and bring immediate capabilities in ERP integrated payment solutions 
to our customers.

On September 30, 2016, we completed the sale of our Australian ATM business. Associated with the transaction, we recognized 
a $34 million loss on the sale. 

See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more 
details relating to these acquisitions.

Global Financial Solutions Segment 

The following table presents GFS information as a percentage of total segment revenue and segment EBITDA:

 

 

Segment revenue
Segment EBITDA

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

22%
22%

22%
22%

21%
20%

See note 7 "Segment Information" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a detail of 
segment revenue and segment EBITDA results. 

Global Financial Solutions Operations GFS provides financial institutions, which include bank and non-bank issuers such as 
retailers with proprietary card portfolios, with a broad range of technology solutions that enable them to offer financial products 
and solutions to their customers. GFS serves over 1,400 clients globally and delivers value to clients through a variety of channels, 
including end-to-end outsourced processing, managed services, and various software delivery models utilizing our proprietary 
VisionPLUS  solution.  GFS  services  include  credit  card  and  loan  account  processing,  commercial  payments,  customer 
communications, plastics solutions, remittance processing, customer servicing, and other products to support issuers. In 2017, we 
processed 11 billion transactions on our platforms. As of December 31, 2017, GFS managed 906 million card accounts on file in 
North America, up 6% over 2016 and 170 million card accounts on file outside North America, up 13% over 2016.

GFS clients include some of the world's largest financial institutions, which we serve in approximately 100 countries. Our largest 
service in GFS is outsourced issuer processing, which helps banks and non-bank issuers provide credit, commercial, and retail 
card programs to their account holders, as well as loan programs. GFS also provides licensed software solutions for financial 
processing activities to financial institutions globally. Depending on the market, our solutions are often bundled with related 
offerings, such as customer communications and personalization of plastic cards, settlement and back office support, outsourced 

9

billing, remittance processing, and customer service support. As part of these solutions, we also provide professional services, 
including custom programming and development, to clients.

GFS revenues are primarily derived from outsourced processing services, print, plastics, and remittance services, and VisionPLUS 
software services provided to financial institutions. GFS' revenues are typically generated on the basis of number of total and 
active accounts on file, volume of customer communications, volume of plastics issued or license fees. 

Outsourced Processing and Licensing Outsourced processing and licensing provide solutions to financial institutions and other 
issuers of credit, such as banks, group service providers, retailers, consumer finance companies, and credit unions. These services 
enable issuers to process transactions on behalf of customers. Depending on our clients' needs and the market, we deliver these 
solutions through our proprietary outsourced services platforms, software application licenses, or software-as-a-service hosted in 
the cloud. Services in our proprietary platform include transaction authorization and posting, account maintenance, and settlement. 
Our VisionPLUS software is used globally as both a processing solution and a licensed software solution that enables clients to 
process their own transactions, depending on the market. We also enable merchants and financial institutions to offer next generation 
payment solutions to their clients, such as Apple Pay, Android Pay, and Samsung Pay.

Revenues for outsourced issuer processing services are derived from fees payable under contracts that depend primarily on the 
number of cardholder accounts on file. More revenue is derived from active accounts (those accounts on file that had a balance 
or any monetary posting or authorization activity during a specified period) than inactive accounts. Revenues are also derived 
from licensing fees for our VisionPLUS application, as well as cardholder and data transactions and professional services such as 
custom programming and development.

Account Support Services Along with our processing and licensing solutions, we provide a variety of supporting services throughout 
the life cycle of each account. Services include processing a card application, initiating services for the cardholder to enable the 
cardholder to transact, accumulating the card's transactions into a monthly billing statement, and posting cardholder payments. 
Other services provided include customized communications to cardholders, plastics personalization and mailing, information 
verification associated with granting credit, debt collection, remittance processing, and customer service on behalf of financial 
institutions. We  also  provide  programming  and  customization  to  enhance  and  tailor  our  solutions  to  clients'  needs  through 
professional services.

Global Financial Solutions Competition GFS competes with card issuer processors, such as Total System Services, Worldpay, 
Fidelity  National  Information  Services,  Fiserv, Worldline,  and  SIX  Payment  Services,  as  well  as  the  card  issuer  processing 
businesses of the global payment networks such as Visa and Mastercard. In addition, we compete with various software or custom 
designed solutions that some financial institutions use to perform these services in-house. 

The primary competitive factors impacting GFS are system performance and reliability, digital solutions, data security, breadth 
of features and functionality, disaster recovery capabilities and business continuity preparedness, platform scalability and flexibility, 
price, and servicing capability. Market events that impact GFS include financial institution consolidation and portfolio transactions 
between financial institutions.

Global Financial Solutions Seasonality GFS experiences a modest level of seasonality, with the first quarter representing the 
lowest level of sales and the fourth quarter representing the highest level of sales. Over the past eight quarters, GFS' quarterly 
revenue as a percentage of total yearly revenue has ranged between 24% and 26%. 

Global Financial Solutions Geographic Mix and Revenues GFS generates 59% of its revenues from clients in our North America 
region, 27% from clients in our EMEA region, 8% from clients in our LATAM region, and 6% from clients in our APAC region. 
Within the United States, revenues are diversified across major financial institutions of various sizes and geographies across the 
country.

Global Financial Solutions Acquisitions and Dispositions On September 27, 2017, we divested all of our businesses in Lithuania, 
Latvia and Estonia for €73 million (approximately $85 million). Associated with the transaction, we recognized a $4 million loss 
on the sale.

See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more 
details relating to this disposition.

10

Network & Security Solutions Segment

The following table presents NSS information as a percentage of total segment revenue and segment EBITDA:

 

 

Segment revenue
Segment EBITDA

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

21%
24%

21%
23%

21%
23%

See note 7 "Segment Information" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a detail of 
segment revenue and segment EBITDA results. 

Network & Security Solutions Operations NSS provides a range of network solutions and security, risk and fraud management 
solutions to business and financial institution clients in our GBS and GFS segments, and independently to financial institutions, 
businesses, governments, processors and other clients. Our EFT Network Solutions manages U.S. debit card and account processing 
solutions. Our STAR Network enables clients to encrypt, route, and decrypt PIN debit, PIN-less debit, and ATM transactions, and 
provide access to demand deposit accounts. In 2017, our STAR Network routed approximately 4.3 billion transactions in the United 
States. Our Stored Value Network Solutions facilitate stored value commerce, such as (1) closed-loop prepaid transactions, which 
are initiated by various types of prepaid cards issued by enterprises, such as retailers, that issue enterprise-branded cards that can 
generally be used only at the enterprise issuing the card or account, and (2) open-loop prepaid transactions, which are initiated by 
various types of prepaid cards issued by a bank and carry a network association brand, such as Visa, MasterCard and STAR, 
enabling them to be used at multiple merchant locations. NSS also includes our Online and Mobile Banking Solutions, Healthcare 
Solutions, and Government Solutions.

EFT Network Solutions enables our business and financial institution clients to route secure, encrypted data between themselves. 
Our STAR Network is connected to over 3,000 financial institutions and community banks, approximately 1.1 million POS and 
ATM locations, and numerous third-party payment processors, ATM processors, and card processors that participate in the network. 
When a business, a merchant acquirer, or an ATM owner acquires a STAR Network transaction, it sends the transaction data to the 
network switch, which is operated by us, which in turn routes the encrypted information to the appropriate financial institution 
for authorization. To be routed through the STAR Network, a transaction must be initiated with a card participating in the STAR 
Network at an ATM or POS device also participating in the STAR Network. 

Revenues related to the STAR Network are derived from fees payable under contracts and negotiated rate structures but are driven 
more by the number of transactions processed than by accounts on file. In a situation in which a debit transaction uses our network 
and we are the debit card processor for the financial institution as well as the merchant acquirer for the business, we are eligible 
to receive one or more of the following:

• 
• 
• 
• 

a fee from the card issuing financial institution for running the transaction through the STAR Network; 
a fee from the card issuer for obtaining the authorization; 
a fee from the business for acquiring the transaction, recognized in GBS; and 
a network acquirer fee from the business for accessing the STAR Network.

There are other possible configurations of transactions that result in us receiving multiple fees for a transaction, depending on the 
role we play.

Stored Value Network manages prepaid stored-value card issuance and processing services (i.e., gift cards) for retailers and others. 
The full-service stored-value/gift card program offers transaction processing services, card issuance, and customer service for 
over 200 national brands and several thousand small and mid-tier merchants. We also provide program management and processing 
services for association-branded, bank-issued, open loop (a card that can be used at multiple merchants), stored-value, reloadable, 
and one time prepaid card products. Revenues are generated from a variety of sources including processing fees for transactions 
processed and fees for card production and shipments.

Our commercial prepaid offerings are primarily sold to businesses and are comprised of:

•  Gift Solutions - Includes ValueLink, Gyft, and Transaction Wireless.

  ValueLink - Provides card and account issuing, program management, and transaction processing services for 
a range of prepaid card programs. Our closed-loop prepaid programs include gift, incentive, and rebate cards. 
We serve over 200 brands globally and several thousand SMBs. Our programs include reloadable and non-

11

reloadable prepaid cards, and may be used with a variety of mobile applications.

  Gyft - A leading digital platform that enables consumers to buy, send, manage, and redeem virtual closed-loop 
cards using mobile devices. The Gyft solution, combined with our leadership in prepaid issuing solutions, creates 
a unique combination to support growth in a rapidly expanding market for virtual cards.
Transaction Wireless - A leading digital platform that enables businesses to sell virtual gift cards online, either 
to consumers through an integration with their eCommerce storefront, or to other businesses through a proprietary 
business-to-business solution. 

 

•  Payroll Solutions - Includes Money Network which provides open-loop electronic payroll distribution solutions that 
reduce or eliminate an employer's expense associated with traditional paper paychecks and helps employees without bank 
accounts avoid check cashing fees. The solution also provides important employee security as the funds are stored on 
the account, not as cash that can be lost or stolen. Money Network accounts can be used at any business location that 
accepts Visa, MasterCard, or STAR branded cards, includes a packet of checks to be used to pay bills and avoid the cost 
of money orders, and offers a web portal to track account activity.

Security and Fraud Solutions provides a range of security, risk, and fraud management solutions that help businesses and financial 
institutions securely run and grow their business by protecting their data, managing risk, and preventing fraud. Our solutions 
include TransArmor, our encryption, tokenization, and PCI compliance solution for POS data in-transit, Fraud Predictor Plus, 
our solution to detect fraud at the POS through a machine-learning based predictive model, and TeleCheck, the industry-leading 
database of check-writers activity. Revenues for our security solutions are earned on a fee for licensed basis or per transaction.

TeleCheck offers check verification, settlement, and guarantee services using our proprietary database system to assist merchants 
in deciding whether accepting checks at the POS is a reasonable risk, or, further, to guarantee checks presented to merchants if 
they are approved. These services include risk management services, which utilize software, information, and analysis to assist 
the merchant in the decision process and include identity fraud prevention and reduction. Revenues are earned by charging merchant 
fees for check verification or guarantee services.

Network & Security Solutions Competition NSS competes with networks such as Visa, MasterCard, and Discover for debit 
network services, and with Fidelity National Information Services for debit network and check verification and guarantee services. 
We also face competition from regional operators of debit networks. Our portfolio of security and risk management solutions 
competes  with  a  wide  range  of  providers  across  multiple  disciplines,  including Visa,  MasterCard, Voltage, Verisk,  Equifax, 
Experian, TransUnion, and Fair Isaac.

The primary competitive factors impacting NSS are system performance and reliability, data security, breadth of features and 
functionality, platform scalability and flexibility, price, and financial institution consolidation. Other factors impacting NSS include 
increasingly powerful and affordable technology capacity, improved data management and analytic tools, and emergence of cloud-
based delivery models.

Network & Security Solutions Seasonality NSS experiences a modest level of seasonality, with the first quarter representing the 
lowest level of sales and the fourth quarter representing the highest level of sales. Over the past eight quarters, NSS' quarterly 
revenue as a percentage of total yearly revenue has ranged between 23% and 26%.

Network & Security Solutions Geographic Mix and Revenues NSS is comprised of more than 95% domestic businesses.

Network & Security Solutions Acquisitions and Dispositions On October 2, 2017, we formed a digital banking joint venture, 
named Apiture, combining FDC and Live Oak Bancshares, Inc.'s digital banking platforms, products, and services, delivering 
innovative technology solutions tailored for financial institutions. Apiture is owned and managed equally between us and Live 
Oak Bancshares, Inc, as a result, the contributed digital banking business will no longer be consolidated into the our results.

In 2015, we acquired Transaction Wireless, Inc. (TWI) a provider of digital stored value products that offer gift card programs, 
loyalty incentives, and integrated marketing solutions for retailers, partners, and consumers.

See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more 
details relating to this acquisition and disposition.

12

Corporate

Corporate operations include corporate-wide governance functions such as our executive management team, tax, treasury, internal 
audit, corporate strategy, and certain accounting, human resources and legal costs related to supporting the corporate function. 
Costs incurred by Corporate that are attributable to a segment are allocated to the respective segment.

Global Regions

We currently have operations in 34 countries and serve businesses and financial institutions in over 100 countries around the world 
as illustrated on the following map:

                                                                                                                               

We deliver our solutions throughout the world via four regions:

Region

2017 Segment Revenue

NA

$5.8 billion

EMEA

$1.0 billion

LATAM

$405 million

APAC

$250 million

North America

Countries with Operations and Clients

Countries with Clients

North America (United States and Canada) is our largest region. We are the largest merchant acquirer, issuer processor, and third 
largest U.S. debit network. The United States is our largest market and accounts for the majority of our activity in the region. In 
2017, we processed approximately 77 billion commercial transactions and processed $2.1 trillion of payment volume in the United 
States, representing over 10% of U.S. GDP. 

Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)

We have operations in 17 countries and serve clients in 66 countries in this region. We are a leading acquirer processor in EMEA 
and provide our suite of next-generation commerce-enabling solutions to businesses and financial institutions of all sizes and 
types. 

Latin America (LATAM)

We have operations in 7 countries and serve clients in 32 countries in this region. We are a leading merchant acquirer, issuer 
processor, and eCommerce processor to businesses and financial institutions of all sizes and types in the region.

13

Asia Pacific (APAC)

We have operations in 8 countries and serve clients in 17 countries in this region. We are a leading merchant acquirer, issuer 
processor, and eCommerce processor to businesses and financial institutions of all sizes and types in the region and have begun 
to introduce other commerce-enabling solutions in selected markets. 

Intellectual Property

We own a global portfolio of trademarks, trade names, patents, and other intellectual property that are important to our future 
success. The only intellectual property rights that are individually material to us are the First Data trademark and trade name, and 
the STAR trademark and trade name. The First Data trademark and trade name are associated with quality and reliable electronic 
commerce and payments solutions. The STAR trademark and trade name are used in NSS.  Financial institutions and merchants 
associate the STAR trademark and trade name with quality and reliable debit network services and processing services. Loss of 
the proprietary use of the First Data or STAR trademarks and trade names or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with 
these names could harm the growth of our businesses.

Employees and Labor

As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately 22,000 employees. The majority of the employees of our subsidiaries outside 
of the United States are subject to the terms of individual employment agreements. One of our wholly owned subsidiaries has 
approximately 1,900 employees in the United Kingdom, a portion of whom are members of the Unite trade union. Employees of 
our subsidiaries in Vienna, Austria; Frankfurt, Germany; and Nürnberg, Germany are also represented by local work councils. 
The Vienna workforce and a portion of the Frankfurt workforce are also covered by a union contract. Certain employees of our 
Korean subsidiary are represented by a Labor-Management council. In Brazil, all employees are unionized and covered by the 
terms of industry-specific collective agreements. Employees in certain other countries are also covered by the terms of industry-
specific national collective agreements. None of our employees are otherwise represented by any labor organization in the United 
States. We believe that our relations with our employees and the labor organizations identified above are in good standing.

Available Information

Our principal executive offices are located at 225 Liberty Street, 29th Floor, New York, NY 10281, telephone (800) 735-3362. 
Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports 
are available free of charge to shareholders and other interested parties through the “Investor Relations” portion of our website at 
http://investor.firstdata.com as soon as reasonably practical after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC). Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this document, 
and you should not consider information on our website to be part of this document. The SEC maintains a website, www.sec.gov, 
which contains reports and other information filed electronically with the SEC by us. Various corporate governance documents, 
including our Audit Committee Charter, Governance, Compensation and Nominations Committee Charter, and Code of Ethics for 
Senior Financial Officers are available without charge through the “About Us” “Investor Relations” “Corporate Governance” 
portion of our investor relations website, listed above.

Government Regulations 

Various aspects of our service areas are subject to U.S. federal, state, and local regulation, as well as regulation outside the United 
States. Failure to comply with regulations may result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, 
suspension or termination of service, and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines. Certain of our services 
also are subject to rules promulgated by various payment networks and banking authorities as more fully described below.

The Dodd-Frank Act In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act) 
was signed into law in the United States. The Dodd-Frank Act has resulted in significant structural and other changes to the 
regulation of the financial services industry. Among other things, Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act established a new, independent 
regulatory agency known as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to regulate consumer financial products and 
services (including some offered by our clients). The CFPB may also have authority over us as a provider of services to regulated 
financial  institutions  in  connection  with  consumer  financial  products.  Recently  the  CFPB  released  rules  amending  federal 
Regulation E and Regulation Z. The rules clarify the regulatory prepaid landscape for consumer access to disclosures, fees and 
statements, error resolution, limited liability and overdrafts. The rules have an impact to our subsidiary Money Network Financial 
LLC (Money Network) for disclosure, fees and error resolution processing. Separately, under the Dodd-Frank Act, debit interchange 
transaction fees that a card issuer receives and are established by a payment card network for an electronic debit transaction are 

14

now regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board), and must be “reasonable and 
proportional” to the cost incurred by the card issuer in authorizing, clearing, and settling the transaction. Effective October 1, 
2011, the Federal Reserve Board capped debit interchange rates for card issuers operating in the United States with assets of $10 
billion or more. In addition, the new regulations contain non-exclusivity provisions that ban debit payment card networks from 
prohibiting an issuer from contracting with any other payment card network that may process an electronic debit transaction 
involving an issuer’s debit cards and prohibit card issuers and payment networks from inhibiting the ability of merchants to direct 
the routing of debit card transactions over any network that can process the transaction. Beginning April 1, 2012, all debit card 
issuers in the United States were required to participate in at least two unaffiliated debit payment card networks. On April 1, 2013, 
the ban on network exclusivity arrangements became effective for prepaid card and healthcare debit card issuers, with certain 
exceptions for prepaid cards issued before that date.

Effective July 22, 2010, merchants were allowed to set minimum dollar amounts (not to exceed $10) for the acceptance of a credit 
card (while federal governmental entities and institutions of higher education may set maximum amounts for the acceptance of 
credit cards). They were also allowed to provide discounts or incentives to entice consumers to pay with an alternative payment 
method, such as cash, checks or debit cards. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created a new entity, the Financial Stability Oversight 
Council, and authorized it to require that a nonbank financial company that is deemed to pose a systemic risk to the U.S. financial 
system become subject to consolidated, prudential supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. At this point it is unclear whether 
we would be subject to additional systemic risk related oversight.

Association and Network Rules We are subject to rules of MasterCard, Visa, INTERAC, PULSE, and other payment networks. 
In order to provide processing services, a number of our subsidiaries are registered with Visa and/or MasterCard as service providers 
for member institutions. A number of subsidiaries outside the U.S. are direct members or associate members of Visa and MasterCard 
for purposes of conducting merchant acquiring. Various subsidiaries of ours are also processor level members of numerous debit 
and electronic benefits transaction networks or are otherwise subject to various network rules in connection with processing 
services and other services we provide. As such, we are subject to applicable card association, network, and national scheme rules 
that could subject us to fines or penalties. We are also subject to network operating rules promulgated by the National Automated 
Clearing House Association relating to payment transactions processed by us using the Automated Clearing House Network and 
to various state and federal laws regarding such operations, including laws pertaining to electronic benefits transaction.

Our subsidiary in Germany, TeleCash GmbH & Co. KG, is certified and regulated as a processor for domestic German debit card 
transactions by the Deutsche Kreditwirtschaft (DK), the German Banking Industry Committee. Failure to comply with the technical 
requirements set forth by the DK may result in suspension or termination of services.

Banking Regulations Because a number of our subsidiary businesses provide data processing services for financial institutions, 
we are subject to examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC), which examines large data 
processors in order to identify and mitigate risks associated with significant service providers. 

FDR Limited is authorized and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority, one of the two principal 
financial markets regulators in the United Kingdom. FDR Limited is authorized by the Financial Conduct Authority to arrange 
and advise on certain insurance contracts for the purpose of arranging insurance taken out by its issuer clients' cardholders. FDR 
Limited also has obtained permission from the Financial Conduct Authority in respect of certain consumer credit activities related 
to its issuer services and merchant terminal leasing businesses. As a firm authorized by the Financial Conduct Authority, FDR 
Limited is required to comply with certain prudential, conduct of business and reporting requirements.

As a result of the implementation of the Payment Services Directive (2007/64/EC) in the European Union (PSD), a number of 
our subsidiaries in GBS hold payment institution licenses in the European Union member states in which such subsidiaries do 
business. As payment institutions, we are subject to regulation and oversight in the applicable European Union member state, 
which includes (amongst other obligations) a requirement to maintain specified regulatory capital. The PSD was amended by a 
revised Payment Services Directive, known as PSD2 which was required to be transposed into national law by January 2018. 
Under PSD2, each subsidiary holding a payment institution license will need to submit by April 2018 a reauthorization application 
to the applicable regulatory authority and be approved to continue providing the licensed business activity.

First Data Trust Company, LLC (FDTC) engages in trust activities previously conducted by the trust department of a former 
banking subsidiary of ours and is subject to regulation, examination, and oversight by the Division of Banking of the Colorado 
Department of Regulatory Agencies. Since FDTC is not a “bank” under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
(BHCA), our affiliation with FDTC does not cause us to be regulated as a bank holding company or financial holding company 
under the BHCA.

15

Further, several subsidiaries provide services such as factoring or settlement that make them subject to regulation by local banking 
agencies, including the National Bank of Slovakia, the National Bank of Poland, the Reserve Bank of Australia, and the German 
Federal Financial Supervision Agency.

Privacy and Information Security Regulations We provide services that may be subject to various state, federal, and foreign 
privacy  laws  and  regulations,  including,  among  others,  the  Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act,  the  Health  Insurance  Portability  and 
Accountability Act, Directive 95/46/EC, the Australian Privacy Act, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents 
Act in Canada, the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance in Hong Kong, the Malaysian Data Protection Act 2010, and the Singapore 
Data Protection Act 2012. These laws and their implementing regulations govern certain collection, processing, storage, use, and 
disclosure of personal information, can require notice to entities or individuals of privacy incidents, and provide individuals with 
certain rights relating to the use and disclosure of protected information. These laws also impose requirements for the safeguarding 
and proper destruction of personal information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines. Certain federal and 
state laws impose similar privacy obligations and, in certain circumstances, obligations to notify affected individuals, state officers, 
the media, and consumer reporting agencies, as well as businesses and governmental agencies that own the information, of security 
breaches affecting personal information. In addition, there are state laws restricting the ability to collect and utilize certain types 
of information such as Social Security and driver’s license numbers. In February 2013, the European Commission proposed 
additional European Union-wide legislation regarding cyber security in the form of the proposed Network and Information Security 
Directive (NIS Directive). The NIS Directive is currently being considered by the two other main European Union legislative 
institutions, the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament. On June 29, 2015, the Council of the European 
Union announced that agreement had been reached in informal negotiations on the main principles of the NIS Directive. Similarly, 
the General Data Protection Regulation is slated to take effect throughout the European Union on May 25, 2018 and creates a 
range of new compliance obligations and increases financial penalties for non-compliance and extends the scope of the European 
Union data protection law to all companies processing data of European Union residents, regardless of the company’s location.  

Credit Reporting and Debt Collections Regulations TeleCheck is subject to the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act and various 
similar state laws based on TeleCheck’s maintenance of a database containing the check-writing histories of consumers and the 
use of that information in connection with its check verification and guarantee services.

The collection business within TRS Recovery Services, Inc. (TRS) is subject to the Federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act 
and various similar state laws. TRS has licenses in a number of states in order to engage in collection in those states. In the United 
Kingdom, FDR Limited has a license under the Consumer Credit Act of 1974 (CCA) to enable it to undertake, among other things, 
credit administration and debt collections activities on behalf of its card issuing clients through calls and correspondence with the 
cardholders. FDR Limited is also licensed under the CCA to carry on the activity of a consumer hire business for the purpose of 
leasing point of sale devices to merchants. 

TeleCheck and TRS are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination from the CFPB. Further regulations may be imposed 
in the future as state governments and federal agencies identify and consider supplementary consumer financial protection, including 
laws regulating activities with respect to current or emerging technology such as automated dialers or pre-recorded messaging or 
calls to cellular phones, which could impair the collection by TRS of returned checks and those purchased under TeleCheck’s
guarantee services. Moreover, reducing or eliminating access to and use of information on drivers licenses, requiring blocking of 
access to credit reports or scores, mandating score or scoring methodology disclosure and proscribing the maintenance or use of 
consumer databases could reduce the effectiveness of TeleCheck’s risk management tools or otherwise increase its costs of doing 
business.

In addition, several of our subsidiaries are subject to comparable local laws regarding collection activities and obtaining credit 
reports. 

Unfair Trade Practice Regulations We and our clients are subject to various federal, state, and international laws prohibiting 
unfair or deceptive trade practices, such as Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act. Various regulatory enforcement 
agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and state attorneys general, have authority to take action against parties 
that engage in unfair or deceptive trade practices or violate other laws, rules, and regulations and to the extent we are processing 
payments for a client that may be in violation of laws, rules, and regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and incur 
losses and liabilities that may impact our business. For example, TeleCheck and TRS are subject to a consent decree with the FTC 
which, among other items, addresses the timeliness of certain actions that they take.

Anti-Money  Laundering,  Anti-Bribery,  Sanctions,  and  Counter-Terrorist  Regulations  We  are  subject  to  anti-money 
laundering laws and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (collectively, 
BSA). Among other things, the BSA requires money services businesses (such as money transmitters, issuers of money orders 
and official checks, and providers of prepaid access) to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report 

16

large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and to maintain transaction records. Money Network provides prepaid access for 
various open loop prepaid programs for which it is the program manager and therefore must meet the requirements of the Financial 
Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), the agency that enforces the BSA. Recently FinCEN released rules requiring the collection 
and verification of beneficial owners holding equal to or greater than 25% equity interest. We will be required to comply with the 
new rules, which have a mandatory compliance date of May 2018.

We are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and 
other laws, that prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures and 
includes anti-bribery provisions enforced by the Department of Justice and accounting provisions enforced by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC). The FCPA has a broad reach and requires maintenance of appropriate records and adequate internal 
controls to prevent and detect possible FCPA violations. Many other jurisdictions where we conduct business also have similar 
anticorruption laws and regulations. We have policies, procedures, systems, and controls designed to identify and address potentially 
impermissible transactions under such laws and regulations.

We are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the Treasury Department’s Office 
of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), which prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their 
governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals 
of those countries, narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist organizations. Other group entities may be subject to additional 
local sanctions requirements in other relevant jurisdictions.

Similar anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing and proceeds of crime laws apply to movements of currency and 
payments through electronic transactions and to dealings with persons specified in lists maintained by the country equivalents to 
OFAC lists in several other countries and require specific data retention obligations to be observed by intermediaries in the payment 
process. Our businesses in those jurisdictions are subject to those data retention obligations. In the European Union, for example, 
certain of our businesses are subject to requirements under the Third Money Laundering Directive (2005/60/EC) (MLD3) as 
implemented in relevant European Union member states. MLD3 was repealed and replaced by the Fourth Money Laundering 
Directive ((EU) 2015/849) (MLD4), when the latter entered into force on June 25, 2015. European Union member states were 
required to implement MLD4 into national law by June 26, 2017.

Money Transmission and Payment Instrument Licensing and Regulations We are subject to various U.S. federal, state, and 
foreign laws and regulations governing money transmission and the issuance and sale of payment instruments, including some of 
our prepaid products.

In the United States, most states license money transmitters and issuers of payment instruments. Many states exercise authority 
over the operations of our services related to money transmission and payment instruments and, as part of this authority, subject 
us to periodic examinations. Many states require, among other things, that proceeds from money transmission activity and payment 
instrument sales be invested in high-quality marketable securities before the settlement of the transactions. Such licensing laws 
also may cover matters such as regulatory approval of consumer forms, consumer disclosures and the filing of periodic reports 
by the licensee, and require the licensee to demonstrate and maintain levels of net worth. Many states also require money transmitters, 
issuers of payment instruments, and their agents to comply with federal and/or state anti-money laundering laws and regulations.

Escheatment Regulations We are subject to unclaimed or abandoned property (escheat) laws both in the United States and abroad 
that require us to turn over to certain government authorities the property of others held by us that has been unclaimed for a 
specified period of time such as, in the Integrated Payment Systems (IPS) business, payment instruments that have not been 
presented  for  payment  or,  in  GBS,  account  balances  that  cannot  be  returned  to  a  merchant  following  discontinuation  of  its 
relationship with us. A number of our subsidiaries hold property subject to escheat laws and we have an ongoing program to 
comply with those laws. We are subject to audit by individual U.S. states with regard to our escheatment practices.

Telephone Consumer Protection Act  We are subject to the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act and various state laws 
to the extent we place telephone calls and short message service (SMS) messages to clients and consumers. The Telephone Consumer 
Protection Act regulates certain telephone calls and SMS messages placed using automatic telephone dialing systems or artificial 
or prerecorded voices. A number of our international subsidiaries are subject to equivalent laws in their jurisdictions. 

Indirect Regulatory Requirements A number of our clients are financial institutions that are directly subject to various regulations 
and compliance obligations issued by the CFPB, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and other agencies responsible for 
regulating financial institutions. While these regulatory requirements and compliance obligations do not apply directly to us, many 
of these requirements materially affect the services we provide to our clients and us overall. To remain competitive, we expend 
significant resources to assist our clients in meeting their various compliance obligations, including the cost of updating our systems 
and services as necessary to allow our clients to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and the cost of dedicating sufficient 

17

resources to assist our clients in meeting their new and enhanced oversight and audit requirements established by the CFPB, the 
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and others. The banking agencies, including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, 
also have imposed requirements on regulated financial institutions to manage their third-party service providers. Among other 
things, these requirements include performing appropriate due diligence when selecting third-party service providers; evaluating 
the risk management, information security, and information management systems of third-party service providers; imposing 
contractual protections in agreements with third-party service providers (such as performance measures, audit and remediation 
rights, indemnification, compliance requirements, confidentiality and information security obligations, insurance requirements, 
and limits on liability); and conducting ongoing monitoring of the performance of third-party service providers. Accommodating 
these  requirements  applicable  to  our  clients  imposes  additional  costs  and  risks  in  connection  with  our  financial  institution 
relationships. We expect to expend significant resources on an ongoing basis in an effort to assist our clients in meeting their legal 
requirements.

Other Stored-value services we offer to issuers in the United States and internationally are subject to various federal, state, and 
foreign laws and regulations, which may include laws and regulations related to consumer and data protection, licensing, escheat, 
anti-money laundering, banking, trade practices and competition, and wage and employment. These laws and regulations are 
evolving, unclear, and sometimes inconsistent and subject to judicial and regulatory challenge and interpretation, and therefore 
the extent to which these laws and rules have application to, and their impact on, us, financial institutions, merchants or others is 
in flux. At this time we are unable to determine the impact that the clarification of these laws and their future interpretations, as 
well as new laws, may have on us, financial institutions, merchants or others in a number of jurisdictions. These services may also 
be subject to the rules and regulations of the various international, domestic and regional schemes, networks, and associations in 
which we and the card issuers participate.

In addition, the Housing Assistance Tax Act of 2008 included an amendment to the Internal Revenue Code that requires information 
returns to be made for each calendar year by merchant acquiring entities and third-party settlement organizations with respect to 
payments made in settlement of payment card transactions and third-party payment network transactions occurring in that calendar 
year. Reportable transactions are also subject to backup withholding requirements. We could be liable for penalties if we are not 
in compliance with these rules.

In December 2017, the United States enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The new tax laws decrease the maximum corporate 
tax rate from 35% to 21% and more favorable tax treatment of earnings outside the U.S. that are repatriated to the U.S. The tax 
law also limits the amount of interest that may be deducted to determine taxable income to 30% of EBITDA until 2022 and 30% 
of EBIT after 2022. We expect the net result of the new tax law to be favorable as the benefit we receive from the reduction in the 
corporate tax rate is greater than the negative impact of the interest deductibility limit. We also expect that over time the amount 
of interest that is not deductible will decrease due to our efforts to reduce debt as well as increases in EBITDA and EBIT.

18

RISK FACTORS 

ITEM 1A. 
 
The following are certain risks that could affect our business and our results of operations. The risks identified below are not all 
encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of our future operations.

Business and Operational Risks

Global economic, political, and other conditions may adversely affect trends in consumer, business, and government spending, 
which may adversely impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability.

Financial services, payments, and technology industries in which we operate depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, 
business, and government spending. A sustained deterioration in the general economic conditions (including distress in financial 
markets, turmoil in specific economies around the world, and additional government intervention), particularly in the United States 
or Europe, or increases in interest rates in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial performance by 
reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions involving payment cards. A reduction in the amount of consumer 
spending could result in a decrease of our revenue and profits. 

Adverse economic trends may accelerate the timing, or increase the impact of, risks to our financial performance. Such trends 
may include, but are not limited to, the following:

•  Declining economies, foreign currency fluctuations, and the pace of economic recovery can change consumer spending 

behaviors, such as cross-border travel patterns, on which a significant portion of our revenues are dependent.

•  Low levels of consumer and business confidence typically associated with recessionary environments and those markets 

experiencing relatively high unemployment, may cause decreased spending by cardholders.

• 

•  Budgetary concerns in the United States and other countries around the world could affect the United States and other 
specific sovereign credit ratings, impact consumer confidence and spending, and increase the risks of operating in those 
countries.

•  Emerging market economies tend to be more volatile than the more established markets we serve in the United States 

and Europe, and adverse economic trends may be more pronounced in such emerging markets.
Financial institutions may restrict credit lines to cardholders or limit the issuance of new cards to mitigate cardholder 
defaults.

•  Uncertainty and volatility in the performance of our clients' businesses may make estimates of our revenues, rebates, 

incentives, and realization of prepaid assets less predictable.
•  Our clients may decrease spending for value-added services.
•  Government intervention, including the effect of laws, regulations, and /or government investments in our clients, may 
have potential negative effects on our business and our relationships with our clients or otherwise alter their strategic 
direction away from our products.

A weakening in the economy could also force some retailers to close, resulting in exposure to potential credit losses and declines 
in transactions, and reduced earnings on transactions due to a potential shift to large discount merchants. Additionally, credit card 
issuers may reduce credit limits and become more selective in their card issuance practices. Changes in economic conditions could 
adversely impact our future revenues and profits and result in a downgrade of our debt ratings, which may lead to termination or 
modification of certain contracts and make it more difficult for us to obtain new business. Any of these developments could have 
a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.

Our ability to anticipate and respond to changing industry trends and the needs and preferences of our clients and consumers 
may affect our competitiveness or demand for our products, which may adversely affect our operating results.

Financial services, payments, and technology industries are subject to rapid technological advancements, new products and services, 
including mobile payment applications, evolving competitive landscape, developing industry standards, and changing client and 
consumer needs and preferences. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to the financial services, payments, 
and technology industries will continue to emerge. These changes in technology may limit the competitiveness of and demand for 
our services. Also, our clients and their customers continue to adopt new technology for business and personal uses. We must 
anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relative markets. For example, our ability to 
provide innovative point-of-sale technology to our merchant clients could have an impact on our Global Business Solutions 
business. 

Failure to develop value-added services that meet the needs and preferences of our clients could have an adverse effect on our 
ability to compete effectively in our industry. Furthermore, clients' and their customers' potential negative reaction to our products 

19

and services can spread quickly through social media and damage our reputation before we have the opportunity to respond. If 
we are unable to anticipate or respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards on a timely basis, our ability to 
remain competitive could be materially adversely affected.

Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the financial services, payments, and technology industries may 
materially and adversely affect our overall business and operations.

Financial services, payments, and technology industries are highly competitive and our payment solutions compete against all 
forms of financial services and payment systems, including cash and checks, and electronic, mobile, and eCommerce payment 
platforms. If we are unable to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our clients and/or effectively align our 
resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively. Our competitors may introduce their own 
value-added or other services or solutions more effectively than we do, which could adversely impact our growth. We also compete 
against new entrants that have developed alternative payment systems, eCommerce payment systems, and payment systems for 
mobile devices. Failure to compete effectively against any of these competitive threats could have a material adverse effect on us. 
In addition, the highly competitive nature of our industry could lead to increased pricing pressure which could have a material 
impact on our overall business and results of operations.

Potential changes in the competitive landscape, including disintermediation from other participants in the payments value 
chain, could harm our business.

We expect that the competitive landscape will continue to change, including:

•  Rapid and significant changes in technology, resulting in new and innovative payment methods and programs that could 

place us at a competitive disadvantage and that could reduce the use of our products.

• 

•  Competitors, clients, governments, and other industry participants may develop products that compete with or replace 

our value-added products and services.
Participants in the financial services, payments, and technology industries may merge, create joint ventures, or form other 
business combinations that may strengthen their existing business services or create new payment services that compete 
with our services.

•  New services and technologies that we develop may be impacted by industry-wide solutions and standards related to 

migration to EMV chip technology, tokenization, or other safety and security technologies.

Failure to compete effectively against any of these competitive threats could have a material adverse effect on us.

Our Global Business Solutions business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances. If we are unable to 
maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected.

Our alliance structures take on different forms, including consolidated subsidiaries, equity method investments, and revenue 
sharing arrangements. Under our alliance program, a bank or other institution forms an alliance with us on an exclusive basis, 
either contractually or through a separate legal entity. Merchant contracts may be contributed to the alliance by us and/or the bank 
or institution. The banks and other institutions generally provide card association sponsorship, clearing, and settlement services 
and typically act as a merchant referral source when the institution has an existing banking or other relationship with such merchant. 
We provide transaction processing and related functions. Both we and our alliance partners may also provide management, sales, 
marketing, and other administrative services. The alliance structure allows us to be the processor for multiple financial institutions, 
any one of which may be selected by the merchant as its bank partner. Our Global Business Solutions business is dependent, in 
part, on our merchant relationships, alliances, and other distribution channels. We are working with our alliance partners to grow 
their businesses. There can be no guarantee that our efforts will be successful and that we will achieve growth in our merchant 
relationships, alliances, and other distribution channels. In addition, our contractual arrangements with our merchants and merchant 
alliance partners are for fixed terms and may also allow for early termination upon the occurrence of certain events. There can be 
no assurance that we will be able to renew our contractual arrangements with these merchants or merchant alliance partners on 
similar terms or at all. The loss of merchant relationships or alliance and financial institution partners could negatively impact our 
business and result in a reduction of our revenue and profit. 

Risk Relating to Brexit

The implementation of the United Kingdom’s decision to exit the European Union (referred to as Brexit) could, among other 
outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services, and people between the U.K. and the E.U., undermine bilateral cooperation 
in key policy areas, and significantly disrupt trade between the U.K. and the E.U. The effects of Brexit will depend in part on any 
agreements the U.K. makes to retain access to E.U. markets. These agreements could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and 

20

the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and adversely change tax benefits or liabilities in these or other jurisdictions. In addition, 
Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the U.K. determines which E.U. 
laws to replace or replicate. Given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade, and legal implications the 
withdrawal of the U.K. from the E.U. will have and how such withdrawal will affect us.

In addition, Brexit may create additional uncertainty in currency exchange rate fluctuations that may result in the strengthening 
of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in which we conduct business. We translate revenue denominated in foreign currency 
into U.S. dollars for our financial statements. During periods of a strengthening dollar, our reported international revenue is reduced 
because foreign currencies translate into fewer U.S. dollars.

Any of these effects of Brexit, among others, could materially adversely affect our relationships with our existing and future clients 
and suppliers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results, and business opportunities.

Failure to obtain new clients or renew client contracts on favorable terms could adversely affect results of operations and 
financial condition.

Most of our sales involve long-term contracts, which generally require a notice period prior to their scheduled expiration if a client 
chooses not to renew. Some of these contracts may also allow for early termination upon the occurrence of certain events such as 
a change in control. While a vast majority of our contracts remain in effect through their scheduled expiration, we may face pricing 
pressure in obtaining and retaining our larger clients. Some of our competitors may offer more attractive fees to our current and 
prospective clients, or other services that we do not offer. Larger clients may be able to seek lower prices from us when they renew 
a contract, when a contract is extended, or when the client’s business has significant volume changes. They may also reduce 
services if they decide to move services in-house. Further, our SMB clients may exert pricing pressure due to pricing competition 
or other economic needs or pressures such clients experience from their customers. On some occasions, this pricing pressure results 
in lower revenue from a client than we had anticipated based on our previous agreement with that client. This reduction in revenue 
could result in an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.

For potential clients of our business segments, switching from one vendor of core processing or related software and services (or 
from an internally-developed system) to a new vendor is a significant undertaking. As a result, potential clients often resist change. 
We seek to overcome this resistance through strategies such as making investments to enhance the functionality of our software. 
However, there can be no assurance that our strategies for overcoming potential clients’ reluctance to change vendors will be 
successful, and this resistance may adversely affect our growth.

Security breaches or attacks on our systems may have a significant effect on our business. 

In order to provide our services, we process, store, and transmit sensitive business information and personal consumer information, 
including, but not limited to, names, bankcard numbers, home or business addresses, social security numbers, driver's license 
numbers, and bank account numbers. Under the card network rules, various federal, state and international laws, and client contracts, 
we are responsible for information provided to us by financial institutions, merchants, ISOs, third-party service providers, and 
others. The confidentiality of such sensitive business information and personal consumer information that resides on our systems 
is critical to our business. We cannot be certain that the security measures and procedures we have in place to protect this sensitive 
data will be successful or sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats designed to breach our systems in order 
to gain access to confidential information. The increasing sophistication of cyber criminals and their continuous attempts to breach 
our system has increased the risk of a security breach of our systems. A breach of our products or systems processing or storing 
sensitive business information or personal consumer information could lead to claims against us, reputational damage, lost clients 
and lost revenue, substantial additional costs (including costs of notification of consumers, credit monitoring, card reissuance, 
contact centers and forensics), loss of our financial institution sponsorship, loss of clients' and their customers’ confidence, as well 
as imposition of fines and damages, or potential restrictions imposed by card networks on our ability to process transactions, all 
of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability, financial condition, and future growth. In addition, 
as security threats continue to evolve we will be required to invest additional resources to modify the security of our systems. The 
level of required investment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We may experience breakdowns in our processing systems that could damage client relations and expose us to liability. 

Our core business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing systems. A system outage could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Not only would we suffer damage to our reputation in the 
event of a system outage, but we may also be liable to third parties. Many of our contractual agreements with clients require us 
to pay penalties if our systems do not meet certain operating standards. To successfully operate our business, we must be able to 
protect our processing and other systems from interruption, including from events that may be beyond our control. Events that 

21

could  cause  system  interruptions  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  fire,  natural  disaster,  unauthorized  entry,  power  loss, 
telecommunications failure, computer viruses, terrorist acts, cyber attacks, and war. Although we have taken steps to protect against 
data loss and system failures, there is still risk that we may lose critical data or experience system failures. To help protect against 
these events, we perform the vast majority of disaster recovery operations ourselves, but we also utilize select third parties for 
certain operations, particularly outside of the United States. To the extent we outsource our disaster recovery, we are at risk of the 
vendor’s unresponsiveness or other failures in the event of breakdowns in our systems. In addition, our property and business 
interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur.

Disruptions at other participants in the global financial system could prevent us from delivering our products and services. 

The operations and systems of many participants in the global financial system are interconnected. Many of the transactions that 
involve our products and services rely on multiple participants in the global financial system to accurately move funds and 
communicate information to the next participant in the transaction chain.  A disruption for any reason at one of the participants in 
the global financial system could impact our ability to obtain or provide information or cause funds to be moved in a manner to 
successfully deliver our products and services. Although we work with other participants to avoid any disruptions, there is no 
assurance that such efforts will be effective. Such a disruption could lead to the inability for us to deliver products and services, 
reputational damage, lost clients and lost revenue, loss of clients' and their customers' confidence, as well as additional costs, all 
of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability, financial condition, and future growth.

We may experience software defects, computer viruses, and development delays, which could damage client relations, our 
potential profitability and expose us to liability. 

Our products are based on sophisticated software and computing systems that often encounter development delays, and the 
underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses, or defects. Defects in our software products and errors or delays in 
our processing of electronic transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources 
from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential clients, harm to our reputation, fines imposed by 
card networks, or exposure to liability claims. In addition, we rely on technologies supplied to us by third parties that may also 
contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability for warranty claims through disclaimers in our software 
documentation and limitation-of-liability provisions in our license and other agreements with our clients, we cannot assure that 
these measures will be successful in limiting our liability.

Our merchants may be unable to satisfy obligations for which we may also be liable.

We are subject to the risk of our merchants being unable to satisfy obligations for which we may also be liable. For example, we 
and our merchants acquiring alliances may be subject to contingent liability for transactions originally acquired by us that are 
disputed by the cardholder and charged back to the merchants. If we or the alliance is unable to collect this amount from the 
merchant because of the merchant’s insolvency or other reasons, we or the alliance will bear the loss for the amount of the refund 
paid to the cardholder. We have an active program to manage our credit risk and often mitigate our risk by obtaining collateral. It 
is possible, however, that a default on such obligations by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on 
our business. For further information on our merchant credit losses, see note 1 "Summary of Significant Policies" to our consolidated 
financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Fraud by merchants or others could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We may be subject to potential liability for fraudulent electronic payment transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others. 
Examples of merchant fraud include when a merchant or other party knowingly uses a stolen or counterfeit credit, debit or prepaid 
card, card number, or other credentials to record a false sales transaction, processes an invalid card, or intentionally fails to deliver 
the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid transaction. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to 
engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Failure 
to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud would increase our chargeback liability or other liability. Increases in chargebacks 
or other liability could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Future consolidation of financial institution clients or other client groups may adversely affect our financial condition.

Bank industry consolidation could affect existing and potential clients in our service areas. Our alliance strategy could also be 
negatively affected by consolidations, especially where the banks involved are committed to their internal merchant processing 
businesses that compete with us. Bank consolidation has led to an increasingly concentrated client base, resulting in a changing 

22

client mix as well as increased price compression. Further consolidation in the bank industry or other client base could have a 
negative impact on us, including a loss of revenue and price compression.

We rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If we are 
unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business may 
be adversely affected.

We rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If such financial 
institutions should stop providing clearing services or limit our volumes we must find other financial institutions to provide those 
services. If we are unable to find a replacement financial institution we may no longer be able to provide processing services to 
certain clients, which could negatively impact our revenue and earnings.

Because we rely on third-party vendors to provide products and services, we could be adversely impacted if they fail to fulfill 
their obligations.

Our business is dependent on third-party vendors to provide us with certain products and services. The failure of these vendors to 
perform their obligations in a timely manner could adversely affect our operations and profitability. In addition, if we are unable 
to renew our existing contracts with our most significant vendors, we might not be able to replace the related product or service 
at the same cost, which would negatively impact our profitability.

Changes in card association and debit network fees or products could increase costs or otherwise limit our operations.

From time to time, card associations and debit networks increase the organization and/or processing fees (known as interchange 
fees) that they charge. It is possible that competitive pressures will result in us absorbing a portion of such increases in the future, 
which would increase our operating costs, reduce our profit margin, and adversely affect our business, operating results, and 
financial condition. In addition, the various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. Any increase 
in the capital level required would further limit our use of capital for other purposes.

Our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical and other risks associated with operations outside of the United 
States and, as we continue to expand internationally, we may incur higher than anticipated costs and may become more 
susceptible to these risks.

We offer merchant acquiring, processing and issuing services outside of the United States, including in the United Kingdom, 
Germany, Argentina, Greece, India, and Brazil, where our principal non-U.S. operations are located. Our revenues derived from 
these and other non-U.S. operations are subject to additional risks, including those resulting from social and geopolitical instability 
and unfavorable political or diplomatic developments, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.

As we expand internationally and grow our non-U.S. client base, we may face challenges due to the presence of more established 
competitors and our lack of experience in such non-U.S. markets, and we may also incur higher than anticipated costs. If we are 
unable to successfully manage expenses relating to the international expansion of our business, our financial position and results 
of operations could be negatively impacted.

Cost savings initiatives may not produce the savings expected and may negatively impact our other initiatives and efforts to 
grow our business.

In recent years, we have implemented measures aimed at improving our profitability and maintaining flexibility in our capital 
resources, including restructuring efforts and the introduction of cost savings initiatives. We expect to continue to take measures 
to improve our profitability and cash flows from operating activities. However, there can be no assurance that the cost control 
measures will be successful. In addition, these and any future spending reductions, if any, may negatively impact our other initiatives 
or our efforts to grow our business, which may negatively impact our future results of operations and increase the burden on 
existing management, systems, and resources.

The ability to recruit, retain and develop qualified personnel is critical to our success and growth.

All of our businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic, and regulatory developments 
that requires a wide range of expertise and intellectual capital. For us to successfully compete and grow, we must retain, recruit, 
and develop the necessary personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of our intellectual capital 
needs. In addition, we must develop our personnel to provide succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in our business. 
The market for qualified personnel, however, is competitive and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may 

23

fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. Our effort to retain and develop 
personnel may also result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot assure that 
key personnel, including executive officers, will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified 
personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a material adverse effect on us.

Acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect our operating results.

We have actively acquired businesses and may continue to make acquisitions of businesses or assets in the future. The acquisition 
and integration of businesses or assets involves a number of risks. The core risks are valuation (negotiating a fair price for the 
business), integration (managing the process of integrating the acquired company’s people, products, technology, and other assets 
to extract the value and synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition), regulation (obtaining necessary 
regulatory or other government approvals that may be necessary to complete acquisitions), and diligence (identifying undisclosed 
or unknown liabilities or restrictions that will be assumed in the acquisition).

In addition, acquisitions outside of the United States often involve additional or increased risks including, for example:

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 

managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities;
integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;
complying with non-U.S. regulatory requirements;
fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
enforcement of intellectual property rights in some non-U.S. countries;
difficulty  entering  new  non-U.S.  markets  due  to,  among  other  things,  consumer  acceptance  and  business 
knowledge of these new markets; and
general economic and political conditions.

The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of our 
combined businesses and the possible loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties 
encountered in connection with acquisitions and the integration of the two companies’ operations could have an adverse effect on 
our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

Financial Risks

Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability 
to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and 
prevent us from meeting our debt obligations.

We are highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2017, we had $19.2 billion of total debt. Our high degree of leverage could have 
important consequences, including:

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 

• 

• 

increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;
requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and 
interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use cash flow to fund our operations, capital 
expenditures, and future business opportunities;
making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to 
comply with the obligations of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, 
could result in an event of default under the agreements governing such indebtedness;
restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;
making it more difficult for us to obtain network sponsorship and clearing services from financial institutions 
or to obtain or retain other business with financial institutions;
limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, 
debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; and
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing 
us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged and who, therefore, 
may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting.

24

Our financial condition and results of operations are dependent in part upon our ongoing ability to refinance our maturing 
indebtedness at attractive interest rates.

Successful execution of our business strategy is dependent in part upon our ability to manage our capital structure to minimize 
interest expense and enhance free cash flow generation. Our senior secured revolving credit facility has $1.25 billion in commitments 
that are scheduled to mature in June 2020. In addition, approximately $1.7 billion of obligations under our existing long-term 
borrowings are scheduled to mature prior to December 31, 2020. We may not be able to refinance our senior secured credit facilities 
or our other existing indebtedness at or prior to their maturity at attractive rates of interest because of our high levels of debt, debt 
incurrence restrictions under our debt agreements or because of adverse conditions in credit markets generally.

An increase in interest rates may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.

Certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, are at variable rates of interest. An 
increase in interest rates would have a negative impact on our results of operations by causing an increase in interest expense.

As of December 31, 2017, we had $10.0 billion aggregate principal amount of variable rate long-term indebtedness, of which we 
have fixed interest rate collar contracts on $4.3 billion in notional amount. The interest rate collar contracts mitigate exposure to 
interest rate fluctuations, but are subject to contractual ceilings and floors. The interest rate collars provide for interest rate protection 
if one month LIBOR rises above 150 or 175 basis points. As a result, as of December 31, 2017, the impact of a 100 basis point 
increase in short-term interest rates on an annualized basis compared to the interest rates as of December 31, 2017, which for the 
one month LIBOR was 1.56%, and a corresponding and parallel shift in the remainder of the yield curve, would result in a $46 
million increase in interest expense. See the discussion of our interest rate collar contracts in note 13 "Derivative Financial 
Instruments" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business.

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of 
transactions. These covenants limit our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things:

incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares;
pay dividends on, repurchase, or make distributions in respect of, our capital stock or make other restricted payments;

• 
• 
•  make certain investments;
• 
• 
• 
• 

sell certain assets;
create liens;
consolidate, merge, sell, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and
enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.

A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under one or more of these agreements, including as a result of cross-
default provisions and, in the case of our senior secured revolving credit facility, permit the lenders to cease making loans to us. 
Upon the occurrence of an event of default under these agreements, the holders of our debt could elect to declare all amounts 
outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and, in the case of our senior secured revolving credit facility, terminate 
all commitments to extend further credit. Such actions by these holders could cause cross-defaults under our other indebtedness. 
If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under our senior secured credit facilities or holders of our senior secured 
notes could proceed against the collateral securing such debt. We have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral 
under our senior secured credit facilities and our senior secured notes. If the holders of our debt accelerate the repayment of 
borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our senior secured credit facilities or any other debt that may become due 
as a result of that acceleration and we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our consolidated balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. The impairment of a significant 
portion of these assets would negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our consolidated balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent approximately 45% of our total assets as 
of December 31, 2017. These assets consist primarily of goodwill and client relationship intangible assets associated with our 
acquisitions. We also expect to engage in additional acquisitions, which may result in our recognition of additional goodwill and 
intangible assets. Under current accounting standards, we are required to amortize certain intangible assets over the useful life of  
the asset, while goodwill and certain other intangible assets are not amortized. On a regular basis we assess whether there have 
been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and certain intangible assets. If the carrying value of the asset is determined 
to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. An impairment of a significant portion of 
goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

25

Our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

We are subject to risks related to the changes in currency rates as a result of our investments in non-U.S. operations and from 
revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Revenue and profit generated by such non-U.S. operations will increase 
or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. From time to time, we utilize 
foreign currency forward contracts or other derivative instruments to mitigate the market value risks associated with foreign 
currency-denominated transactions. These hedge contracts may not, however, eliminate all of the risks related to foreign currency 
translation. In addition, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that restrict or prohibit the conversion of our other 
revenue currencies into U.S. dollars. Any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues and earnings we derive from our 
non-U.S. operations and have a material adverse impact on our business.

Unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows from operations. 

Our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local, and international taxing authorities. An 
unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations as 
well as our cash flows from operations. We have established contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures relating to 
deductions, transactions, and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. These reserves 
reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. 
While we believe that the reserves are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there is no assurance that, in all instances, 
an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial cost not in excess of any related reserve. An unfavorable 
resolution, therefore, could negatively impact our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in the 
current and/or future periods. Refer to note 8 "Income Taxes" to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 
of this Form 10-K for more information.

Changes in tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows from operations.

Our operations are subject to tax by federal, state, local, and international taxing jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws, in our significant 
tax jurisdictions could materially increase the amount of taxes we owe, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations as 
well as our cash flows from operations. For example, although we expect to benefit from the recently enacted changes in US tax 
laws, the limitations on the deductibility of interest expense in the U.S. negatively impact our effective tax rate,  results of operations, 
and cash flows. We are working to reduce our net interest expense and increase our EBITDA in the U.S. However, to the extent 
we are unable to make enough progress, the negative impact will continue.

Regulatory and Legal Risks

Failure to comply with, or changes in, laws, regulations and enforcement activities may adversely affect the products, services, 
and markets in which we operate. 

We and our clients are subject to laws and regulations that affect the electronic payments industry in the many countries in which 
our  services  are  used.  In  particular,  our  clients  are  subject  to  numerous  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to  banks,  financial 
institutions, and card issuers in the United States and abroad, and, consequently, we are at times affected by these federal, state, 
and local laws and regulations. The United States government has increased its scrutiny of a number of credit card and other loan 
practices, from which some of our clients derive significant revenue. Regulation of the payments industry, including regulations 
applicable to us and our clients, has increased significantly in recent years. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable 
to our business may result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of 
services, and/or the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines which could have an adverse effect 
on our results of operation and financial condition. 

We are subject to U.S. and international financial services regulations, a myriad of consumer protection laws, economic sanctions, 
laws and regulations, and anti-corruption laws, escheat regulations and privacy and information security regulations to name only 
a few. Changes to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement of them, could have a negative financial effect on 
us. In particular, changing regulations or standards in the area of privacy and data protection could also adversely impact us. For 
example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which becomes effective in May 2018, extends the scope of the E.U. 
data protection law to all companies processing data of E.U. residents, regardless of the company’s location. The law requires 
companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data. Our efforts to comply with GDPR and other privacy 
and data protection laws may entail substantial expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could limit 
the services we are able to offer. Further, failure to meet GDPR requirements could result in fines, penalties, and reputational 
damage. The GDPR and other privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country 
and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Such regulations increase our compliance and administrative burden 

26

significantly. In addition, E.U. laws and regulations are typically subject to different and potentially inconsistent interpretations 
by the countries that are members of the E.U., which can make compliance more costly and operationally difficult to manage. 
Moreover, the countries that are members of the E.U. may each have different and potentially inconsistent interpretations of 
regulations implementing the E.U. Payment Services, which could make compliance more costly and operationally difficult to 
manage. 

Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed the United States financial regulatory system by, among other things, 
creating the CFPB to regulate consumer financial products and services (including many offered by our clients), restrict debit card 
fees paid by merchants to issuer banks and allow merchants to offer discounts for different payment methods. CFPB rules, 
examinations,  and  enforcement  actions  may  require  us  to  adjust  our  activities  and  may  increase  our  compliance  costs. The 
regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act require all debit card issuing financial institutions to participate in at least two, unaffiliated 
debit networks (banning exclusivity agreements between one debit network and one debit card issuer) and prohibit card issuers 
and payment networks from inhibiting the ability of merchants to choose among the enabled debit networks for the routing of 
each debit card transaction. Changes to the Dodd-Frank Act or regulations could adversely impact our debit network business. In 
addition, certain of our alliance partners are subject to regulation by federal and state authority and, as a result, could pass through 
some of those compliance obligations to us.

Failure  to  comply  with  the  U.S.  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices Act,  anti-money  laundering,  economic  and  trade  sanctions 
regulations, and similar laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.

We operate our business around the world, including in certain foreign countries with developing economies, where companies 
often engage in business practices that are prohibited by U.S. and U.K. regulations, including the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act. 
Such laws prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by 
the U.S. and other business entities for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have implemented policies to discourage 
such practices; however, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, consultants, and agents, including those that may be 
based in or from countries where practices that violate U.S. laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies, 
for which we may be ultimately responsible.

In addition, we are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA). Among other 
things, the BSA requires money services businesses (such as money transmitters and providers of prepaid access) to develop and 
implement  risk-based  anti-money  laundering  programs,  report  large  cash  transactions  and  suspicious  activity,  and  maintain 
transaction records. Our subsidiary Money Network Financial LLC provides prepaid access for various open loop prepaid programs 
for which it is the program manager and therefore must meet the requirements of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, the 
agency that enforces the BSA.

We are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the OFAC which prohibit or restrict 
transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and 
with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist 
organizations.

Similar anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing and proceeds of crime laws apply to movements of currency and 
payments through electronic transactions and to dealings with persons specified in lists maintained by the country equivalents to 
OFAC lists in several other countries and require specific data retention obligations to be observed by intermediaries in the payment 
process. Our businesses in those jurisdictions are subject to those data retention obligations.

Failure  to  comply  with  any  of  these  laws  and  regulations  or  changes  in  this  regulatory  environment,  including  changing 
interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements by the government, may result in significant 
financial penalties, reputational harm, or change the manner in which we currently conduct some aspects of our business, which 
could significantly affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Changes in credit card association or other network rules or standards could adversely affect our business.

In order to provide our transaction processing services, several of our subsidiaries are registered with Visa and MasterCard and 
other networks as members or service providers for member institutions. As such, we and many of our clients are subject to card 
association and network rules that could subject us or our clients to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card 
associations or networks for certain acts or omissions by us, acquiring clients, processing clients, and merchants. Visa, MasterCard, 
and other networks, some of which are our competitors, set the rules and standards with which we must comply. The termination 
of our member registration or our status as a certified service provider, or any changes in card association or other network rules or 
standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit 

27

our ability to provide transaction processing services to or through our clients, could have an adverse effect on our business, results 
of operations, and financial condition. 

Failure to protect our intellectual property rights and defend ourselves from potential patent infringement claims may diminish 
our competitive advantages or restrict us from delivering our services.

Our trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property are important to our future success. The First Data trademark and trade 
name and the STAR trademark and trade name are intellectual property rights which are individually material to us. These trademarks 
and trade names are widely recognized and associated with quality and reliable service. Loss of the proprietary use of the First 
Data or STAR trademarks and trade names or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with them could harm the growth 
of our businesses. We also rely on proprietary technology. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar 
technology. Further, we use open source architecture in connection with our solutions, in particular our Clover open architecture 
platform. Companies that incorporate open source platforms into their solutions have, from time to time, faced claims challenging 
the ownership of such platforms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be 
open source software. We cannot guarantee that we can protect our trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information. Our 
patents could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others, and may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us 
with any meaningful protection or advantage. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies, we could 
lose competitive advantages and be materially adversely affected. Additionally, the laws of certain non-U.S. countries where we 
do business or contemplate doing business in the future may not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same 
extent as do the laws of the United States. Adverse determinations in judicial or administrative proceedings could prevent us from 
selling our services or prevent us from preventing others from selling competing services, and thereby may have a material adverse 
effect on the business and results of operations. Additionally, claims have been made, are currently pending, and other claims may 
be made in the future, with regard to our technology allegedly infringing on a patent or other intellectual property rights. Unfavorable 
resolution of these claims could either result in us being restricted from delivering the related product or service or result in a 
settlement that could be materially adverse to us.

Failure to comply with state and federal antitrust requirements could adversely affect our business.

Through our merchant alliances, we hold an ownership interest in several competing merchant acquiring businesses while serving 
as an electronic processor for those businesses. In order to satisfy state and federal antitrust requirements, we actively maintain 
an antitrust compliance program. Notwithstanding our compliance program, it is possible that perceived or actual violations of 
state or federal antitrust requirements could give rise to regulatory enforcement investigations or actions. Regulatory scrutiny of, 
or regulatory enforcement action in connection with, compliance with state and federal antitrust requirements could have a material 
adverse effect on our reputation and business.

We are the subject of various legal proceedings which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability.

We are involved in various litigation matters. We are also involved in or are the subject of governmental or regulatory agency 
inquiries or investigations and make voluntary self-disclosures to government or regulatory agencies from time to time. Our 
insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless 
of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. If we are unsuccessful in our defense in these litigation matters, or any 
other legal proceeding, we may be forced to pay damages or fines, enter into consent decrees, and/or change our business practices, 
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability.

Our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards could be limited if we were to experience an ownership change as defined 
in the Internal Revenue Code.

Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code), contains rules that impose an annual limitation on the 
ability of a company with net operating loss carryforwards that undergoes an ownership change, which is generally any change 
in ownership of more than 50% of its stock (by value) over a three-year period, to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards in 
years after the ownership change. These rules generally operate by focusing on ownership changes among holders owning directly 
or indirectly 5% or more of the shares of stock of a company or any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of shares 
of stock by such company. If a company’s income in any year is less than the annual limitation prescribed by Section 382 of the 
Code, the unused portion of such limitation amount may be carried forward to increase the limitation (and net operating loss 
carryforward utilization) in subsequent tax years.

Our initial public offering in October 2015 and the subsequent follow-on secondary offering in September 2017 did not result in 
an ownership change within a three-year period for purposes of Section 382 of the Code. If, however, we were to undergo an 
ownership change as a result of future transactions involving our common stock, including a follow-on offering of our common 

28

stock or purchases or sales of common stock between 5% holders, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards would 
be subject to the limitations of Section 382 of the Code. It is possible that  a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards may 
expire before we would be able to use them. In the event we are unable to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards, there may 
be a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations.

In addition to the aforementioned federal income tax implications pursuant to Section 382 of the Code, most states follow the 
general provisions of Section 382 of the Code, either explicitly or implicitly resulting in separate state net operating loss limitations.

Risks Related to Ownership Structure

Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (KKR) controls us and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future.

KKR controls a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock. As a result, KKR has the ability to elect all of the 
members of our Board and thereby control our policies and operations, including the appointment of management, future issuances 
of our Class A common stock or other securities, the payment of dividends, if any, on our Class A common stock, the incurrence 
of debt by us, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and the 
entering into of extraordinary transactions and the interests of KKR may not in all cases be aligned with your interests.

In addition, KKR may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could 
enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. For example, KKR could cause us to make 
acquisitions that increase our indebtedness or cause us to sell revenue-generating assets. KKR is in the business of making 
investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly 
with us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that none of KKR or any director who is not employed 
by us (including any nonemployee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or 
his or her affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar 
business  activities  or  lines  of  business  in  which  we  operate.  KKR  also  may  pursue  acquisition  opportunities  that  may  be 
complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us.

So long as a KKR affiliate continues to beneficially own a sufficient number of shares of Class B common stock, even if it 
beneficially owns significantly less than 50% of the shares of our outstanding common stock, it will continue to be able to effectively 
control our decisions. For example, if our Class B common stock amounted to 15% of our outstanding common stock, beneficial 
owners of our Class B common stock (including KKR), would collectively control 64% of the voting power of our common stock. 
The shares of our Class B common stock beneficially owned by a KKR affiliate may be transferred to an unrelated third party if 
the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock have consented to such transfer in writing in advance.

In addition, KKR will be able to determine the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval and will be able to cause or 
prevent a change of control of our Company or a change in the composition of our Board and could preclude any acquisition of 
our Company. This concentration of voting control could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of 
Class A common stock as part of a sale of our Company and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A common 
stock.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

ITEM 1B.  
 
None.

PROPERTIES

ITEM 2.  
 
As of December 31, 2017, we and our subsidiaries owned or leased 79 domestic properties and 72 international properties. These 
facilities are used for operational, sales and administrative purposes, and are substantially all utilized.

 

 

Facilities in the United States
International Facilities

Leased Facilities

Owned Facilities

No.

68
64

Sq. Ft.
2,314,559
1,062,884

No.

11
8

Sq. Ft.
1,592,740
409,899

•  Global Business Solutions’ principal operations are conducted in Atlanta, Georgia; New York, New York; Coral Springs, 
Florida; Hagerstown, Maryland; King of Prussia, Pennsylvania; Chicago, Illinois; Marietta, Georgia; London, United 
Kingdom; São Paulo, Brazil; Singapore, Singapore; Warsaw, Poland; and Buenos Aires, Argentina. 

29

•  Global Financial Solutions' principal operations are located in New York, New York; Omaha, Nebraska; Chesapeake, 
Virginia; London, United Kingdom; Warsaw, Poland; Buenos Aires, Argentina; Attica, Greece; and Frankfurt, Germany.

•  Network & Security Solutions' principal operations are located in Atlanta, Georgia; Omaha, Nebraska; Sugar Land, Texas; 

Wilmington, Delaware; and Greenwood Village, Colorado. 

•  Our Corporate facilities include New York, New York and Atlanta, Georgia.

We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for our current business; however, we periodically review our space 
requirements and may acquire new space to meet the needs of our businesses or consolidate and dispose of or sublet facilities 
which are no longer required.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

ITEM 3.    
 
From time to time, we are involved in various litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of our business. None of these 
matters, individually or in the aggregate, currently is material to us. Information with respect to this item may be found in note 
14 “Commitments and Contingencies” to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

ITEM 4.  
 
Not applicable.

30

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

 
Our Class A common stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "FDC" since October 15, 2015. Prior 
to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 

Price Range of Class A common stock

The information presented in the table below represents the high and low closing sales prices per share of Class A common stock 
as reported on the NYSE for the periods indicated. There is currently no established public trading market for our Class B common 
stock.

2016
First Quarter
Second Quarter
Third Quarter
Fourth Quarter
2017
First Quarter
Second Quarter
Third Quarter
Fourth Quarter

High

Low

15.95
13.34
14.48
15.53

16.63
18.71
19.04
19.08

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

8.67
10.13
10.66
13.03

14.88
14.81
17.47
15.97

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

There were 25 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 22 holders of record of our Class B common stock as of 
December 31, 2017. The number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock is substantially greater than the number of 
record holders, because a large portion of our Class A common stock is held in "street name" by banks and brokers.

Share Buy Back

In connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards, shares of Class A common stock are delivered to the Company by 
employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations. The following table summarizes such purchases of Class A common stock in 
the three months ended December 31, 2017:

—
October 1, 2017 through October 31, 2017
—
November 1, 2017 through November 30, 2017
December 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017
—
(a)   Shares surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards issued to employees.

288,134 (a) $

—
—
—

—
—

Total Number of

Shares

Purchased

Average Price
Paid Per Share
—
—
16.71

Total Number of

Shares

Purchased

Under

Announced
Program

Approximate
Dollar Value of
Shares That May
Yet Be Purchased

Under

Announced
Programs

Dividend Policy

Since our initial public offering (IPO) on October 15, 2015, we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common 
stock, and we have no current plan to do so.  Because a significant portion of our operations is through our subsidiaries, our ability 
to pay dividends depends in part on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating subsidiaries, which may further restrict our 
ability to pay dividends as a result of the laws of their jurisdiction of organization, agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants 
under any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. In addition, the senior secured revolving 
credit facility, senior secured term loan facility, and the indentures governing the senior notes limit our ability to pay dividends. 

31

Stock Performance Graph

The following graph shows a comparison from October 15, 2015 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on the 
NYSE) through December 31, 2017 of the cumulative total return for our Class A common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 
Information Technology Index. Data for the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Information Technology Index assume reinvestment of 
dividends. Note that historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that 
Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of First Data Corporation under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

ITEM 6.  
 
The following table sets forth our selected consolidated financial data as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The selected 
financial data as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 have been derived 
from our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The selected 
consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 and for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 have 
been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto not included in this Form 10-K.

32

 

The results of operations for any period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. The 
selected  consolidated  financial  data  set  forth  below  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with,  and  are  qualified  by  reference  to 
"Management's  Discussion  and Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations"  and  the  consolidated  financial 
statements and related notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

The notes to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K contain additional information about various 
acquisitions, dispositions, and certain charges and benefits resulting from other operating expenses, and other income (expense) 
which affect the comparability of information presented. Amounts below include acquisitions since the date acquired.

 

(in millions, except per share amounts)
Statement of operations data (Year-end):

Revenues
Total revenues (excluding reimbursables)
Operating expenses (a)
Other operating expenses, net (b)
Total expenses (excluding reimbursables)
Interest expense, net
Net income (loss)
Net income (loss) attributable to First Data
Corporation
Depreciation and amortization (c)

Net income (loss) per share (d):

Basic
Diluted

Weighted-average common shares outstanding (d):

Basic (f)
Diluted (f)

Balance sheet data (As of year-end):

Total assets
Settlement assets
Total liabilities
Settlement obligations
Long-term borrowings
Other long-term liabilities (e)
Redeemable noncontrolling interest
Total equity

Cash flow data (Year-end):

Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

2017

2016

December 31,

2015

2014

2013

$

$

$

 

12,052
8,129
10,195
143
6,415
(937)
1,664

1,465
1,073

1.60
1.56

916
940

48,269
20,363
42,183
20,363
17,927
963
72
6,014

$

 

11,584
7,839
9,921
61
6,237
(1,068)
660

420
1,061

$

 

11,451
7,764
10,228
53
6,594
(1,537)
(1,268)

(1,481)
1,133

$

11,152
7,548
9,701
13
6,110
(1,728)
(265)

(458)
1,163

 

10,809
7,302
9,629
56
6,178
(1,856)
(775)

(952)
1,212

$

0.47
0.46

(7.70) $ (458,000) $ (952,000)
(952,000)
(7.70)

(458,000)

$

902
921

 

40,292
14,795
36,088
14,795
18,131
1,240
73
4,131

$

$

192
192

 

34,362
8,150
30,625
8,150
18,737
1,243
77
3,660

—
—

34,034
7,557
31,434
7,557
20,697
1,223
70
2,530

—
—

 

34,962
7,553
33,318
7,553
22,499
1,202
69
1,575

$

2,047
(1,950)
9

$

2,111
(387)
(1,734)

$

795
(685)
(16)

$

1,035
(329)
(743)

715
(353)
(532)

$

$

 
$

$

(a)   Operating expenses include Cost of services; Cost of products sold; Selling, general, and administrative; Depreciation and amortization; and Reimbursable debit network fees, 

postage and other.

(c) 

(b)   Other operating expenses, net includes restructuring, net; impairments; litigation and regulatory settlements; integration cost and other as applicable to the periods presented. See  

note 10 "Other Operating Expenses" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for details.
Includes amortization of initial payments for new contracts, which is recorded as a contra-revenue within “Transaction and processing service fees” and amortization related to 
equity method investments, which is netted within “Equity earnings in affiliates” in our consolidated statements of operations.

(d)  As a result of the HoldCo Merger, all outstanding shares of FDH were converted into Class B common stock, which are entitled to ten votes per share. All of FDC's outstanding 
common stock was eliminated upon the merger. We accounted for the HoldCo Merger as a transfer of assets between entities under common control and have reflected the 
transactions impact on net loss per share and weighted-average shares on a prospective basis.

(e)  Other long-term liabilities include Deferred tax liabilities.
(f)      Prior to our Initial Public Offering in 2015, we had 1,000 shares of common stock that was eliminated upon the merger with First Data Holdings.

33

ITEM 7.  

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS

The following contains management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be 
read together with “Selected Financial Data,” included in Part II, Item 6 of this Form 10-K and our consolidated financial statements 
and related notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and 
involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking 
statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under “Forward-Looking Statements,” “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere 
in this Form 10-K.

Year over year percent changes are calculated on whole-dollar values as management views this as a more accurate representation 
of our performance. As such, the values here-in may not recalculate due to rounding.

Executive Overview

First Data Corporation sits at the center of global electronic commerce. We believe we offer our clients the most complete array 
of integrated solutions in the industry, covering their needs across next generation commerce technologies, merchant acquiring, 
issuing, and network solutions. We serve our clients in over 100 countries, reaching approximately 6 million business locations 
over the course of a year and over 4,000 financial institutions. We believe we have the industry’s largest distribution network, 
driven by our partnerships with many of the world’s leading financial institutions, our direct sales force, and a network of distribution 
partners. We are the largest merchant acquirer, issuer processor, and independent network services provider in the world, enabling 
businesses to accept electronic payments, helping financial institutions issue credit, debit and prepaid cards, and routing secure 
transactions between them. In 2017, we processed 93 billion transactions globally, or approximately 3,000 transactions per second. 
In our largest market, the United States, we processed $2.1 trillion of payment volume, representing over 10% of United States 
gross domestic product (GDP) last year.

Our business is characterized by transaction related fees, multi-year contracts, and a diverse client base, which allows us to grow 
alongside our clients. Our multi-year contracts allow us to achieve a high level of recurring revenues with the same clients. While 
the contracts typically do not specify fixed revenues to be realized thereunder, they do provide a framework for revenues to be 
generated  based  on  volume  of  services  provided  during  such  contracts  term.  Our  business  also  generally  requires  minimal 
incremental capital expenditures and working capital to support additional revenue within our existing business lines.

Our Strategy

Our ability to grow our business is influenced by global expenditure growth, increasing our share in electronic payments and 
providing value-added products and services. We grow our business through diversification of product offerings such as credit, 
debit, prepaid, Clover, and our suite of security products. We believe we offer our clients the most complete array of integrated 
solutions in our industry, covering their needs across next-generation commerce technology, merchant acquiring, issuing, and 
network solutions. We believe this differentiates us from our competition and will continue to drive our growth in the future.  

We work with a variety of partners to deliver our solutions. We help merchants by delivering data-driven insights and other services 
to help them grow and create better and secure purchase experiences for consumers across all commerce platforms. We assist 
merchants in day-to-day operations of their business via our Clover line of products which enables merchants to more efficiently 
run their businesses, build customer loyalty, and gain valuable insights that help grow their businesses. We provide financial 
institutions with solutions to help them grow their revenues, enhance customer satisfaction, and deliver their products more timely 
and efficiently. 

We continue to execute on key initiatives: 

 

Innovate for tomorrow's client needs

  Accelerate top line revenue growth

  Maintain positive operating leverage

  Generate significant free cash flow 

34

Components of Revenue

We generate revenue by providing commerce-enabling solutions. Set forth below is a description of our revenues by segment and 
factors impacting total revenues.

Global Business Solutions

Global Business Solutions (GBS) revenues are primarily derived from processing credit and debit card transactions for business 
clients and also include fees for providing processing, loyalty and software services, and sales and leases of POS devices. Revenues 
are generated from a variety of sources:

•  Discount fees, net of credit and debit card interchange and assessment fees charged by the payment networks. The discount 

fee is typically either a percentage of the purchase amount or an interchange fee plus a fixed dollar amount;
Processing fees charged to our alliances;
Processing fees charged to merchant acquirers who have outsourced their transaction processing to us;
Sales and leases of POS devices;
Fees from providing reporting and other services; and
Software fees such as security and Clover related fees. 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

A substantial portion of our business within GBS is conducted through merchant alliances between us and financial institutions. 
If we have management control over an alliance, then the alliance's financial statements are consolidated with ours and the related 
processing fees are treated as an intercompany transaction and eliminated upon consolidation. If we do not have management 
control over an alliance, we use the equity method of accounting. As a result, our consolidated revenues include processing fees 
charged to alliances accounted for under the equity method.

A large portion of GBS' revenue is derived from transaction and processing related services. This business is dependent on 
macroeconomic consumer trends and global economic conditions that affect the volume of consumer spending and the use of 
electronic payments and changes in these factors have in the past, impacted, and may in the future impact, our ability to grow this 
portion of the business. We have begun to implement recent initiatives, such as the introduction of several new products and 
expansion of our sales force, expanding through ISV partnerships, and expansion into new international markets in an effort to 
grow this business versus prior periods. We also completed acquisitions which have strengthened our presence in ISV and enterprise 
resource planning (ERP) integrated payment solutions.

Global Financial Solutions

Global Financial Solutions (GFS) revenues are derived from outsourced account processing services, customer communications, 
plastics personalization, remittance processing services, software solutions for clients to support in-house card processing, as well 
as other account services we provide to financial institutions. Revenues for GFS services are typically generated on the basis of 
number of total or active card accounts on file, volume of customer communications, volume of plastics personalized and mailed, 
volume of remittances processed, and license fees for our software solutions.

Network & Security Solutions

Network & Security Solutions (NSS) revenues are primarily derived from network services such as Electronic Funds Transfer 
(EFT) Network Solutions, Stored Value Network Solutions, Security and Fraud Management Solutions, and Government Solutions 
or Other. 

Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results of Operations

As a result of a number of factors, our historical results of operations are not comparable from period to period and may not be 
comparable to our financial results of operations in future periods. Key factors affecting the comparability of our results of operations 
are summarized below.

35

Currency Impact

Although the majority of our revenue is earned in U.S. dollars, a portion of our revenues and expenses are in foreign currencies. 
As a result, changes in foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar can impact our results of operations. Additionally, we have 
intercompany debts in foreign currencies, which impacts our results of operations. We believe the presentation of constant currency 
provides relevant information and we use this non-GAAP financial measure to, among other things, evaluate our ongoing operations 
in relation to foreign currency fluctuations. The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation 
or as a substitute for our related financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). 
For additional information on our constant currency calculation, see “Segment Results” within this Form 10-K.

Acquisitions and Dispositions

Acquisitions and dispositions over the past year have affected the comparability of our results. The largest acquisitions in 2017, 
CardConnect and BluePay, are being integrated into our Global Business Solutions segment and the results for the current period 
are included within the segment results. 

Restructuring and Cost Management Initiatives 

We continually evaluate our cost base and over the past three years have executed a number of restructuring initiatives, which 
have allowed us to streamline management, eliminate excess facilities, and work with our suppliers to lower costs.  In connection 
with these initiatives, we have incurred  restructuring charges of $83 million, $49 million and $53 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. These Restructuring and Cost Management Initiatives have contributed to our 270 basis points EBITDA margin 
expansion over the past three years.  The Company has ongoing expense management initiatives, which are expected to result in 
approximately $20 million in additional restructuring costs over the course of 2018. In connection with our focus on maintaining 
positive operating leverage, we will likely incur additional restructuring costs in the future.  See note 10 “Other Operating Expenses” 
to our consolidated financial statements in Part II of this Form 10-K for additional information about our restructuring and cost 
savings initiatives.

Interest Expense

As a result of our capital market activities we have lowered the weighted-average interest rate of our outstanding debt from 5.0% 
as of December 31, 2016 to 4.8% as of December 31, 2017.  Due to the current year acquisitions, we have increased our outstanding 
borrowings balance from $18.5 billion as of December 31, 2016 to $19.2 billion as of December 31, 2017.   For the year ended 
December 31, 2017, we incurred $10 million in fees to modify existing long-term debt which is recorded within "Interest expense, 
net" in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Debt Extinguishment Costs

We incurred $80 million, $70 million, and $1.1 billion of losses on debt extinguishment during the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

The table below shows the stock-based compensation expense split between Cost of services and Selling, general, and administrative 
expense.

(in millions)
Cost of services
Selling, general, and administrative
Total

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

72
173
245

$

$

112
151
263

$

$

130
199
329

See note 4 “Stock Compensation Plans” to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional 
information about our stock compensation plans. 

36

Management Fee Expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2015, we incurred approximately $100 million in KKR related expenses, of which $78 
million related to the termination of our Management Agreement with KKR.

Results of Operations
 
Consolidated results should be read in conjunction with note 7 "Segment Information" to our consolidated financial statements in 
Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which provides more detailed discussions concerning certain components of our consolidated 
statements of operations. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated within the consolidated 
results.

Overview

Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017 increased 4% to $12.1 billion from $11.6 billion in 2016 while operating profits 
increased 7% to $1.7 billion from $1.6 billion in 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 4%, driven primarily by 
our GBS segment. Foreign currency did not impact total revenue, however it negatively impacted operating profit by 1%.

Net income attributable to First Data Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2017 improved to $1.5 billion from $420 
million during the same period in 2016. The improvement in net income is attributable to an income tax benefit of $810 million,    
lower interest expense of $131 million, and an increase in operating profit of $112 million driven by revenue growth, partially 
offset by a decrease in equity earnings of $38 million. 

Net income attributable to First Data Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2016 improved to $420 million from a net loss 
of $1.5 billion during the same period in 2015. The improvement in net income is attributable to lower debt extinguishment charges 
of $1.0 billion, lower interest expense of $469 million, lower depreciation and amortization expense of $73 million, a $66 million 
decrease in stock-based compensation expense, and a $29 million gain on the Visa Europe share sale, partially offset by a $34 
million loss on divestiture of an international business unit. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2016 also benefited by 
$100 million related to the termination of our management agreement with KKR, as well as overall expense savings as part of our  
announced expense management initiatives and improved operating results. 

Segment Results

We operate three reportable segments: Global Business Solutions (GBS), Global Financial Solutions (GFS), and Network & 
Security Solutions (NSS). Our segments are designed to establish global lines of businesses that work seamlessly with our teams 
in our regions of North America (United States and Canada), EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa), LATAM (Latin America 
and Caribbean region), and APAC (Asia Pacific).

The business segment measurements provided to and evaluated by the chief operating decision maker are computed in accordance 
with the principles listed below:

•  The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting 

policies.

• 

• 

• 

Intersegment revenues are eliminated in the segment that sells directly to the end market.

Segment revenue excludes reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and other revenue.

Segment EBITDA includes equity earnings in affiliates and excludes depreciation and amortization expense, net income 
attributable to noncontrolling interests, other operating expenses, and other income (expense). Additionally, segment 
EBITDA is adjusted for items similar to certain of those used in calculating our compliance with debt covenants. The 
additional items that are adjusted to determine segment EBITDA:

stock-based compensation and related expenses are excluded; and

• 
•  Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (KKR) related items including annual sponsor and other fees for management, 
consulting, financial, contract termination, and other advisory services are excluded. Upon our public offering 
on October 15, 2015, we are no longer required to pay management fees to KKR.

37

• 

For significant affiliates, segment revenue and segment EBITDA are reflected based on our proportionate share of the 
results  of  our  investments  in  businesses  accounted  for  under  the  equity  method  and  consolidated  subsidiaries  with 
noncontrolling ownership interests. For other affiliates, we include equity earnings in affiliates, excluding amortization 
expense,  in  segment  revenue  and  segment  EBITDA.  In  addition,  GBS  measures  reflect  revenue-based  commission 
payments  to  Independent  Sales  Organizations  (ISOs)  and  sales  channels,  which  are  treated  as  an  expense  in  the 
consolidated statements of operations, as contra revenue.

•  Corporate operations include corporate-wide governance functions such as our executive management team, tax, treasury, 
internal audit, corporate strategy, and certain accounting, human resources and legal costs related to supporting the 
corporate function. Costs incurred by Corporate that are attributable to a segment are allocated to the respective segment.

•  Certain  measures  exclude  the  estimated  impact  of  foreign  currency  changes  (constant  currency).  To  present  this 
information, monthly results during the periods presented for entities reporting in currencies other than U.S. dollars are 
translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the corresponding month of the prior fiscal year, 
rather than the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. Once translated, each month during 
the periods presented is added together to calculate the constant currency results for the periods presented.

Operating revenues overview

 

(in millions)
Consolidated revenues
Adjustments:
Non wholly owned entities
Independent sales organizations (ISOs)
commissions
Reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and
other
Total segment revenues

Segment revenues:
Global Business Solutions
Global Financial Solutions
Network & Security Solutions

NM represents not meaningful 

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Percent Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

Reported Constant
Currency Percent

Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

$12,052

$11,584

$11,451

4 %

1 %

4%

2%

(64)

(637)

(80)

(618)

(74)

(20)%

(642)

8 %

(4)%

2 %
1 %

(1)%
7 %
1 %

NM

NM

5%
4%

5%
3%
4%

NM

NM

2%
3%

2%
10%
1%

3 %

5 %
4 %

5 %
2 %
4 %

(3,923)
$ 7,428

(3,745)
$ 7,141

(3,687)
$ 7,048

$ 4,262
1,623
1,543

$ 4,063
1,593
1,485

$ 4,089
1,495
1,464

38

(in millions)
Revenues:

North
America
EMEA
LATAM
APAC

Global Business Solutions segment results

The following table displays total segment revenue by region and illustrates, on a percentage basis, the impact of foreign currency 
fluctuations on revenue growth for the periods presented:

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2016

Core
Growth
(Decline)

Currency 
Impact(a)

Acquisitions/
Dispositions(b)

Accounting 
Change(c)

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2017

Percent
Change

Reported
Constant
Currency
Percent
Change

$

$

3,176
550
178
159
4,063

(61) (d) $
25 (e)
101 (f)
21 (g)
86

$

1
—
(6)
3
(2) $

$

84
—
—
(31)
53

$

62
—
—
—
62

3,262
575
273
152
4,262

3 %
5 %
53 %
(4)%
5 %

3 %
5 %
56 %
(6)%
5 %

Total segment
revenue
(a)  Currency impact is the difference between the current year's actual results and the same year's results converted with the prior year's foreign exchange rate.  

$

$

$

$

$

Constant currency percentage change is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency impact.

(b)  North America revenue was impacted by acquisitions of CardConnect in July 2017 and BluePay in December 2017. The Acquisitions/Dispositions column 
includes July 2016 to December 2016 and December 2016 revenues for CardConnect and BluePay, respectively, and current period growth for CardConnect 
and BluePay is included in Core Growth (Decline).  APAC balance represents revenue associated with the disposition of the Australian ATM business in 
September 2016. See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional 
information.

(c)  Effective January 2017, we changed our accounting for Clover hardware sales to recognize revenue upon shipment as opposed to deferring such revenue 
and recognizing over an established period, typically three years.  Previously deferred revenue on hardware shipped in previous years continued to be 
amortized over the established period.  See Deferred Revenue in note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our consolidated financial statements 
for additional information.

(d)  North America revenue decrease was driven by a decline in our bank alliances. The decline was partially attributed to $13 million of fee increases which 

(e)  EMEA revenue increased due to growth in United Kingdom of $9 million, related to growth in sales volumes, and in Germany and Austria of $9 million, 

(f)  LATAM revenue increased due to growth in Brazil of $62 million, related to increases in our active customer base and sales volumes, and growth in 

occurred in 2016 which did not reoccur in 2017. 

related to growth in terminal hardware sales.

Argentina of $35 million.

(g)  APAC revenue increased due to growth in India.
 

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2015

Core
Growth
(Decline)

Currency 
Impact(a)

Acquisitions/ 
Dispositions(b)

Accounting

Change

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2016

Percent
Change

Reported
Constant
Currency
Percent
Change

$

3,204
541
164
180
4,089

(29) (c) $
31 (d)
71 (e)
(5) (f)
68

$

1
(22)
(57)
(4)
(82) $

— $
—
—
(12)
(12) $

— $
—
—
—
— $

3,176
550
178
159
4,063

(1)%
2 %
9 %
(12)%
(1)%

(1)%
6 %
44 %
(10)%
2 %

Total segment
revenue
(a)  Currency impact is the difference between the current year's actual results and the same year's results converted with the prior year's foreign exchange rate.  

$

$

$

Constant currency percentage change is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency impact.

(b)  APAC revenue adjusted to exclude revenue associated with the disposition of the Australian ATM business in September 2016.  See note 12 "Acquisitions 

and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

(c)  North America revenue decrease was driven by lower hardware sales of $50 million, partially offset by an increase of $25 million in software sales as a 
result of growth in our merchant suite of products, including continued growth of our Transarmor Solution.  Processing revenue remained flat as transaction 
growth of 7% was offset by lower blended yield.

(d)  EMEA constant currency revenue increased as a result of volume growth and an approximate $10 million benefit from changes in interchange pricing 

during the first quarter of 2016.

(e)  Revenue increase in our LATAM region was benefited by growth in Brazil and Argentina of $35 million and $30 million, respectively during 2016.  

Remaining growth in LATAM was driven by growth in Uruguay, Mexico and the Caribbean.

(f)  Revenue in the APAC region was impacted by a decrease in ATM fees for the year ended December 31, 2016.

(in millions)
Revenues:

North
America
EMEA
LATAM
APAC

$

39

The following table displays total merchant transactions for the periods presented:

 

(in millions)
Key indicators:

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Percent Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

North America merchant transactions(a)
International merchant transactions(b)

7%
21%
(a)  North American merchant transactions include acquired Visa and MasterCard credit and signature debit, American Express and Discover, PIN-debit, 
electronic benefits transactions, processed-only and gateway customer transactions at the Point of Sale (POS). North American merchant transactions reflect 
100% of alliance transactions.
International transactions include Visa, MasterCard, and other payment network merchant acquiring transactions for clients outside the U.S. and Canada. 
Transactions include credit, signature debit, PIN-debit POS, POS gateway, and Automated Teller Machine (ATM) transactions. 

6%
18%

(b) 

 
49,248
9,760

 
46,372
8,246

 
43,362
6,826

North America transaction growth in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven by continued growth in consumer electronic payments 
spending. International transaction growth in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven by a 12% increase in EMEA, 28% increase in 
APAC, and a 47% increase in LATAM. 

North America transaction growth in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven by growth in our alliances. International transaction 
growth in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven by a 14% increase in EMEA, 29% increase in APAC, and a 50% increase in LATAM. 

Global Financial Solutions segment results

The following table displays total revenue by segment region and illustrates, on a percentage basis, the impact of foreign currency 
fluctuations on revenue growth.

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2016

Core Growth

(Decline)

Currency 
Impact(a)

Dispositions(b)

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2017

Percent
Change

Reported
Constant
Currency
Percent
Change

(in millions)
Revenues:

North America
EMEA
LATAM
APAC

$

$

956
433
122
82
1,593

(7) (c) $
30 (d)
13 (e)
13 (f)
49

— $
(13)
(3)
3

— $
(6)
—
—
(6)

$

949
444
132
98
1,623

(1)%
3 %
9 %
19 %
2 %

(1)%
6 %
12 %
16 %
3 %

Total segment revenue
(a)  Currency impact is the difference between the current year's actual results and the same year's results converted with the prior year's foreign exchange 

(13) $

$

$

$

rate.  Constant currency percentage change is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency impact.

(b)  Business disposition of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia (i.e. the Baltics) in September 2017. See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our 

consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

(c)  North America revenue was driven by growth in account processing, offset by $20 million plastics revenue decline and a prior year one-time termination 

fee of $7 million.

(d)  EMEA revenue increase was driven by $24 million of new business and existing client growth in the United Kingdom and $12 million of existing client 

growth in the Middle East & Africa, partially offset by attrition and lower volumes in the region.

(e)  LATAM revenue increase was driven by $13 million of existing client growth in Argentina and $6 million of new business in Colombia, partially offset 

(f)  APAC revenue increase was driven by professional services in Australia and Singapore of $6 million and $5 million respectively, as well as internal 

by a year over year decrease in license resolutions fees.

growth in Australia.

40

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2015

Core Growth

(Decline)

Currency 
Impact(a)

Dispositions

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2016

Percent
Change

Reported
Constant
Currency
Percent
Change

(in millions)
Revenues:

$

$

North America
EMEA
LATAM
APAC

8%
7%
42%
10%
Total segment revenue
10%
(a)  Currency impact is the difference between the current year's actual results and the same year's results converted with the prior year's foreign exchange rate. 

— $
—
—
—
— $

— $
(31)
(23)
(1)
(55) $

73 (b) $
29 (c)
43 (d)
8 (e)

956
433
122
82
1,593

883
435
102
75
1,495

8 %
— %
20 %
9 %
7 %

153

$

$

$

Constant currency percentage change is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency impact.

(b)  North America revenue increase was driven by growth in our print business and our credit and retail card processing business.  Our print business grew by 

$38 million principally due to a new enterprise win from an existing customer. Credit and retail processing grew by $44 million from an increase in card 
accounts on file split evenly between growth in existing customers and new business. In addition, our North America credit and retail processing business 
benefited by $7 million from a termination fee, principally in the fourth quarter.

(c)  EMEA constant currency revenue increase was driven by new and existing business growth and professional services growth of $28 million in the United 

Kingdom and existing business growth of $14 million in the Middle East and Africa. Growth in professional services was partially offset by price 
compression in Greece.  Greece price compression was driven by renewal of one large client in 2015.

(d)  LATAM constant currency revenue increase was primarily driven by strong growth in Argentina of $20 million, which benefited by volume 

growth and inflation, an increase in VisionPLUS licensing revenues of $17 million mostly due to license fee resolutions, and an increase in Colombia of $6 
million from a new processing deal.  The remaining $4 million growth came from our Caribbean business due to higher processing and professional 
services revenue. 

(e)  APAC constant currency revenue increase was driven by professional services and a new processing client in Australia.

The following table displays total card accounts for the periods presented:

 

(in millions)
Key indicators:

North America card accounts on file(a)
International card accounts on file(b)

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

 
906
170

 
855
151

Percent Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

 
813
135

 
6%
13%

 
5%
12%

(a)  North America card accounts on file reflect the total number of bankcard credit and retail credit accounts as of the end of the periods presented.
(b) 

International card accounts on file reflect total bankcard and retail accounts outside the United States and Canada as of the end of the periods presented. 
2015 International card accounts on file reflect an updated card account total. 

North America card accounts on file increased in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 from growth in existing clients.
International accounts on file increased in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to new business and growth of 
existing clients throughout all of our international regions.

North America card accounts on file increased in 2016 compared to 2015 from growth in existing clients. International accounts 
on file increased 2016 compared to 2015 due to new portfolios of existing clients throughout all of our international regions. 

41

Network & Security Solutions segment results

The following table displays total revenue by product. Our Network & Security Solutions segment is comprised of more than 95% 
domestic businesses with no material foreign exchange impact on reported results. 

(in millions)
Revenues:

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2016

Core Growth

(Decline)

Dispositions(a)

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2017

Percent Change

$

$

EFT Network
Security and Fraud
Stored Value Network
Other

(1)%
3 %
13 %
— %
Total segment revenue
4 %
(a)  Other revenue adjusted to exclude net revenue associated with business that was contributed to our digital banking joint venture with Live Oak on October 
2, 2017 offset by our 50% of the joint ventures revenue. See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 
8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

(4) (b) $
15 (c)
47 (d)
7 (e)
65

— $
—
—
(7)
(7) $

491
434
358
202
1,485

487
449
405
202
1,543

(b)  EFT Network revenue decreased due to increased transaction growth of $20 million offset by increased client incentives. 
(c)  Security and Fraud revenue increase was driven by growth in our Security and Fraud product categories, offset by declines within the Telecheck business 

$

$

$

(d)  Stored Value Network revenue increased due to higher rate and volume of $16 million and $24 million, respectively, and a $7 million benefit associated 

of $14 million.  

with a contract amendment.

(e)  Growth was driven by our government business.

(in millions)
Revenues:

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2015

Core Growth

(Decline)

Dispositions

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2016

Percent Change

$

EFT Network
Security and Fraud
Stored Value Network
Other

— %
5 %
— %
— %
Total segment revenue
1 %
(a)  EFT Network revenue was relatively flat as STAR growth was offset by the impact of a long-term debit processing contract renewal which negatively 

— (a)
22 (b)
(1) (c)
—
21

— $
—
—
—
— $

491
412
359
202
1,464

491
434
358
202
1,485

$

$

$

$

$

(b)  Security and Fraud revenue increased due to growth from our suite of Security and Fraud products, partially offset by revenue declines within our TeleCheck 

impacted segment revenue by $14 million.

business of $21 million. 

(c)  Stored Value Network revenue was flat driven by a change in contract terms for one client in the prior year for $10 million offset by increased volumes.

The following table displays total network transactions for the periods presented:

 

(in millions)
Key indicators:

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

2017

2016

2015

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

Network transactions (EFT Network and Stored Value) (a)

7%  
(a)  Network transactions include the U.S. debit issuer processing transactions, STAR Network issuer transactions, and closed loop and open loop POS transactions.

22,114

20,258

18,918

9%

Network transaction growth for the year ended 2017 compared to the same periods in 2016 and 2016 compared to the same periods 
in 2015 was driven by growth in all network transaction categories. 

Reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and other

Revenue increased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to transaction and volume growth related to debit network fees of $217 million 
partially offset by postage associated with output services.

Revenue increased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to transaction and volume growth related to debit network fees of $38 million 
and growth in print services.

42

Operating expenses overview

 

(in millions)
Cost of services (exclusive of items
shown below)
Cost of products sold
Selling, general, and administrative
Depreciation and amortization
Other operating expenses

Total expenses (excluding
reimbursable items)

Reimbursable debit network fees,
postage, and other
Total expenses

Cost of services 

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Percent Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

$ 2,763
359
2,178
972
143

$ 2,855
337
2,035
949
61

$ 2,871
356
2,292
1,022
53

6,415

6,237

6,594

3,923
$10,338

3,745
$ 9,982

3,687
$10,281

(3)%
7 %
7 %
2 %
134 %

3 %

5 %
4 %

(1)%
(5)%
(11)%
(7)%
15 %

(5)%

2 %
(3)%

 

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

(in millions)
Salaries, wages, and bonus
Stock-based compensation
Outside professional services
Software, telecommunication
infrastructure, and repairs
Other

2017

2016

$ 1,437 (a) $ 1,474

72 (b)
258 (c)

387 (c)
609
$ 2,763

2015

$ 1,478
130
250

2017 vs.

2016

(2)%
(35)%
(2)%

2016 vs.

2015
— %
(14)%
6 %

380
633
$ 2,871

(2)%
— %
(3)%

4 %
(4)%
(1)%

112 (d)
264 (e)

396 (e)
609 (f)

Reported Constant
Currency Percent

Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

(3)%
7 %
7 %
2 %
134 %

3 %

5 %
4 %

1 %
(3)%
(10)%
(6)%
17 %

(4)%

2 %
(2)%

Reported Constant
Currency Percent

Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

Cost of services expense

1%
(a)  Expense decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to a $37 million decline in salaries and wages related to productivity improvements and enhancements.  
(b)  The decline in stock based compensation of $40 million resulted from a $34 million decrease relating to reallocation from cost of services to selling, general 
and administrative expenses to better align with our operations, $22 million decline in one-time expense related to our initial public offering in 2015, offset 
by an increase of $16 million in recurring stock-based compensation incurred over the vesting life of normal service-based stock awards.  

(c)  Outside professional services and Software, telecommunication, infrastructure and repairs expense decreased by $15 million due to benefits achieved through 

$ 2,855

(3)%

our cost initiatives. 

core operating businesses. 

(d)  Stock compensation expense decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 by $18 million as a result of a $78 million one-time expense in 2015 related to our initial 
public offering, partially offset by an increase of $60 million in recurring stock-based compensation incurred over the vesting life of normal service-based 
stock awards. 

(e)  Outside professional services and Software, telecommunication, infrastructure and repairs expense increased by $30 million as we continue to invest in our 

(f)  Other expenses declined as 2015 was negatively impacted by two client-related matters totaling $24 million. In addition, included within other expenses is 
an increase of approximately $25 million in merchant credit losses, partially offset by a decline of warranty expense within NSS of $10 million. Merchant 
credits losses increased due to higher fraud rates and charge-backs resulting from a liability shift post EMV. Warranty expense declined driven by lower 
volumes within our TeleCheck business. The remaining decline in other expense was driven by expense rationalization from our previously announced cost 
management initiatives. 

Cost of products sold

Cost of products sold expense increased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to hardware expenses, impacted by a $47 million change 
in accounting relating to our Clover terminals effective as of January 1, 2017.  Cost of products sold decreased in 2016 compared 
to 2015 due to decline in hardware sales. 

43

Selling, general, and administrative

 

(in millions)
Salaries, wages, bonus, and other
Stock-based compensation
Independent sales organizations (ISOs)
commissions
Outside professional services
Commissions
Other
Selling, general, and administrative
expense

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Percent Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

$

$

655
173 (a)

659 (e) $
151 (f)

637
219 (b)
182 (c)
312 (d)

618 (g)
182 (h)
137 (e)
288 (e)

697
199

642
295
158
301

$ 2,178

$ 2,035

$ 2,292

(1)%
15 %

3 %
20 %
33 %
8 %

7 %

(5)%
(24)%

(4)%
(38)%
(13)%
(4)%

(11)%

Reported Constant
Currency Percent

Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

7%

(10)%

(a)  Stock based compensation expense increased $22 million.  The increase in stock based compensation of $22 million resulted from a $34 million increase 
relating to reallocation from cost of services to selling, general, and administrative expenses to better align with our operations, $18 million in recurring 
stock-based compensation incurred over the vesting life of normal service-based stock awards offset by $30 million decline in one-time expense related to 
our initial public offering in 2015.  

(b)   Outside Professional services expense increased $37 million due to higher legal and consulting fees.
(c)  Commissions increase is attributed to the acquisitions of CardConnect and BluePay.  
(d)  Other expenses increased due to $15 million increase related to advertising expenses for marketing initiatives in 2017 and $11 million related to the acquisition 

of CardConnect and BluePay. 

(e)  Salaries, wages, bonus, and other decrease was driven by Commissions expense decline of $21 million and miscellaneous other expenses decline of $13 

million, all driven by expense rationalization from our previously announced cost management initiatives. 

(f)  Stock based compensation expense declined $48 million. The decline in stock-based compensation resulted from a $124 million decline in one-time expense 
related to our initial public offering in 2015, partially offset by an increase of $76 million in recurring stock-based compensation incurred over the vesting 
life of normal service-based stock awards. 

(g)  Retail ISO commissions declined $24 million due to consolidation of Retail ISOs to Wholesale ISOs via acquisition. 
(h)  The Outside professional services expense decline was driven by a $100 million decline in KKR related expenses, of which $78 million related to termination 

of our Management Agreement with KKR during 2015.  

Depreciation and amortization

 

(in millions)
Depreciation expense
Amortization expense
Depreciation and amortization

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

2017
$ 321
651
$ 972

2016
$ 300
649
$ 949

2015
$ 290
732
$1,022

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

7%
—%
2%

3 %
(11)%
(7)%

Depreciation expense increased due to higher capital expenditure investments, primarily relating to equipment under capital lease, 
over the past several years.   Amortization expense increased in 2017 which was attributed to the CardConnect and BluePay 
acquisitions, offset partially by reduction in amortization expense on acquisition intangibles.  Amortization expense in 2016 
decreased due to a reduction in amortization expense on acquisition of intangibles.

Other operating expenses 

 

Year ended December 31,

(in millions)
Restructuring, net
Deal and deal integration costs
Asset impairment
Other
Other operating expenses

(8)%
NM
NM
NM
15 %
(a)  Other operating expenses increased in 2017 compared to 2016 as restructuring expense increased $34 million due to our ongoing expense management 

2016
49
—
—
12 (d)
61

83 (a) $
27 (b)
13 (c)
20 (c)

2015
53
—
—
—
53

70%
NM
NM
65%
134%

$ 143

2017

$

$

$

$

initiative. 

(b)  Deal and deal integration costs related to costs associated with the acquisitions of CardConnect and BluePay.  

Percent Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

44

(c)  Asset impairment and other costs increased $21 million due to the resolution of two customer related matters of $10 million, a $6 million loss on a prepaid 

asset related to an early contract terminated, and a write-down of abandoned technology.

(d)  Other increased in 2016 compared to 2015 as we incurred a $10 million loss associated with the cash payout of certain long-term pension obligations and a 

$5 million loss from the settlement of a client related matter in 2016. 

Refer to note 10 “Other Operating Expenses” to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for 
details regarding other operating expenses. 

Interest expense, net 

 
(in millions)
Interest expense, net

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

2017

2016

2015

2017 vs. 2016

2016 vs. 2015

$

(937) $

(1,068) $

(1,537)

(12)%

(31)%

Interest expense, net decreased due to lower weighted-average interest rates as a result of  debt extinguishments and refinancing 
as well as lower average outstanding principal balances.  Interest expense, net includes fees incurred to modify long-term debt in 
the amount of $10 million and $29 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Refer to note 2 
"Borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Loss on debt extinguishment

 
(in millions)
Loss on debt extinguishment

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

2017

2016

2015

2017 vs. 2016

2016 vs. 2015

$

(80) $

(70) $

(1,068)

14%

(93)%

Refer to note 2 “Borrowings” to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

Other income

 
(in millions) 
Investment gains
Derivatives
Divestitures, net gain (loss)
Non-operating foreign currency (loss) gains
Other miscellaneous (loss) income
Other income

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

1
—
18 (c)
(1) (d)
(2)
16

$

$

35
(5)
(34)
19
2
17

(a) $
(b)

(d)

$

—
(17)
5
41
—
29

$

$

(a) 

Investment gains in 2016 represent the sale of our share in Visa Europe (VE). Additionally in 2016, we sold our 49% minority interest in an international 
joint venture which resulted in a pretax gain of $7 million.

(b)  The losses on derivatives in 2016 and 2015 are driven by fair value adjustments on our nondesignated interest rate contracts.  See note 13 "Derivative 
Financial Instruments" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information on our derivative contracts.  
(c)  Divestitures, net gain (loss) in 2017 relates to our online banking business, which we contributed in exchange for a 50% ownership in Apiture, a joint venture, 
both of these businesses are reported within the NSS segment. The loss in 2016 represents the sale of our Australian ATM business on September 30, 2016. 
The Australian ATM business was reported as part of GBS.  See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statement in Part II, 
Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information on our significant divestitures.

(d)  Non-operating foreign currency (loss) gain represents net gains and losses related to currency translations on our intercompany loans in all years as well as 
gains on euro-denominated debt in 2015. We designated all of our euro-denominated debt as a hedge against our net investment in euro business as of January 
1, 2016, which would have eliminated income statement gains of $70 million prior to 2016, if the hedge was in place and fully effective during those periods. 

Income taxes

(in millions)
Income tax (benefit) expense
Effective income tax rate

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

(729)
(78)%

$

81
11%

101

(9)%

45

Our global effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates as a result of recognizing tax expense on income from certain foreign 
jurisdictions while recording no taxes on certain foreign losses subject to deferred tax valuation allowances.  In 2017, the tax rate 
was also positively impacted by a $1.3 billion release of valuation allowances in the U.S. jurisdiction, partially offset by a $353 
million negative impact of the reduction to our net deferred tax assets as a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.

Following the recognition of significant deferred tax valuation allowances in 2012, we have regularly experienced substantial 
volatility in our effective tax rate in interim periods and across years. This has been due to deferred income tax benefits not being 
recognized in several jurisdictions, most notably in the United States. During 2017, the valuation allowance in the U.S. jurisdiction 
was released, creating a large tax rate benefit. This release of the valuation allowance should reduce most of the effective tax rate 
volatility in future periods.

Pre-tax income (loss) generated and the effective income tax rate in domestic and foreign jurisdictions for the years ended December 
2017, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:

(in millions)
Pre-tax income (loss)
Income tax (benefit)
expense
Effective income tax rate

Domestic
$
484

(827)

(171)%

2017
Foreign
$ 451

98

Total
$ 935

(729)

22% (78)%

Year ended December 31,

Domestic
$
492

40

8%

2016
Foreign
$ 249

41

Total
$741

81

16% 11%

Domestic
$ (1,332)

2015
Foreign
$ 165

Total
$ (1,167)

21

(2)%

80

48%

101

(9)%

The significant jurisdictions comprising our foreign income tax expense are Argentina, Brazil, Ireland and the UK.  Effective 
income tax rates in these significant jurisdictions vary from local statutory rates due to valuation allowances and tax contingencies 
impacting certain jurisdictions.  Given the significance of the pre-tax income (loss) in the U.S. compared to foreign jurisdictions, 
and the impact of the release of the valuation allowance in the U.S. jurisdiction, we do not believe changes in the mix of income 
between our foreign jurisdictions will significantly impact the overall results of operations.

From 2007 through 2015, we were in a net operating loss position in the U.S. federal and combined state jurisdictions. During 
2016 and 2017, we generated profits in the U.S. jurisdiction, causing significant portions of these net operating losses to be utilized.  
As a result of this improved profitability, expected future performance, and the length of time remaining before the net operating 
losses will expire, we determined that it was more likely than not that our net deferred tax assets in the U.S. jurisdiction would be 
realized, and, therefore, we released the valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets.  Despite the valuation allowance 
release in the U.S. jurisdiction, we continue to maintain the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets related to tax losses 
in many states and certain foreign countries. It is unlikely that our assessment regarding these valuation allowances will change 
in the foreseeable future. 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (tax reform bill) was signed into law in the U.S.  The provisions of the tax 
reform bill with the most significant implications to us were the reduction of the federal tax rate from 35% to 21%, the creation 
of a 100% participation exemption for foreign dividends, the enactment of a one-time transition tax on existing foreign earnings, 
limitations on the deductibility of interest expense, and the establishment of global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) rules.   
The first three provisions impacted the year-ended December 31, 2017.  Because our deferred tax assets exceed our deferred tax 
liabilities in the U.S., the reduction of the tax rate provided by the tax reform bill resulted in a negative impact to the tax rate of 
$194 million.  The one-time transition tax coupled with the 100% participation exemption had an immaterial impact on the tax 
rate.  Because we have historically repatriated our foreign earnings, our cumulative foreign deficits exceed our cumulative foreign 
profits, causing our one-time taxable inclusion under the transition tax rules to be zero.  As a result of the future participation 
exemption, we determined that we will not have enough future foreign sourced income to utilize any foreign tax credit carryforwards, 
and have therefore determined that we will amend our 2010-2016 tax returns to elect to claim foreign tax deductions, rather than 
foreign tax credits. The deferred tax impact of changing our election from a credit to a deduction was $159 million.  This change 
was assumed when determining the appropriate valuation allowance on our foreign tax credit carryforwards in prior years, and as 
a result, the decision to amend the returns had an immaterial net tax rate impact.

Overall, we expect the impact of the tax reform bill on future years to be positive.  The reduction in the tax rate coupled with the 
participation exemption on foreign dividends will drive the tax rate lower than what would have been expected without passage 
of the tax reform bill.  On the other hand, because of our significant interest expense in the U.S. and our relatively small investment 
in foreign tangible property, we expect the limitations on interest deductibility and the GILTI provisions to have a negative impact 
to our tax rate.   Overall, we believe that the benefits of the lower tax rate and the participation exemption will exceed the negative 

46

effect of the limits on interest deductibility and the GILTI provisions, but we are still in the process of evaluating these provisions 
for their full impact on future periods. Based upon our preliminary analysis, we are projecting our future tax rate to be in the mid-
to-high 20% range. The reversal of the valuation allowance has no impact on First Data’s U.S. federal NOL balance, and we 
continue to estimate that it will be largely shielded from paying U.S. federal cash taxes through the end of 2020.

As permitted by Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, provisional amounts estimated based on information available as of December 
31, 2017 are made for the adjustments to deferred tax assets and liabilities, the calculation of the transition tax, and certain valuation 
allowance assessments. These amounts are subject to change as we obtain information necessary to complete the calculations. We 
will recognize any changes to the provisional amounts as we refine our estimates and our interpretations of the application of the 
2017 Tax Act.

We, or one or more of our subsidiaries, file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign 
jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2017, we were no longer subject to income tax examination by the U.S. federal jurisdiction for 
years before 2005. State and local examinations are substantially complete through 2006. Foreign jurisdictions generally remain 
subject to examination by their respective authorities from 2007 forward, none of which are considered major jurisdictions. Refer 
to note 8 "Income Taxes" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

Equity earnings in affiliates 

 
(in millions)
Equity earnings in affiliates

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

2017

2016

2015

2017 vs. 2016

2016 vs. 2015

$

222

$

260

$

239

(15)%

9%

Equity earnings in affiliates relate to the earnings of our merchant alliance partnerships and decreased in 2017 compared to 2016
due to a decline in the results of our North American joint ventures driven by significant decline in leadflow.

Equity earnings in affiliates relate to the earnings of our merchant alliance partnerships and increased in 2016 compared to 2015 
due to revenue growth within our Wells Fargo Merchant Services joint venture and lower amortization expense of $14 million.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest 

 
(in millions)
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
and redeemable noncontrolling interest

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

2017

2016

2015

2017 vs. 2016

2016 vs. 2015

$

199

$

240

$

213

(17)%

13%

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest relates to the interest of our merchants 
in our consolidated merchant alliances and decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to a decline in the results of our North 
American joint ventures mainly due to significant decline in leadflow.  Refer to note 5 “Stockholders' Equity and Redeemable 
Noncontrolling Interest" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest increased in 2016 compared to 2015
due to net volume growth within our Bank of America Merchant Services alliance. 

47

Segment EBITDA Overview
The following table displays Segment EBITDA by segment for the periods indicated:

 

(in millions)
Segment EBITDA:
Global Business Solutions
Global Financial Solutions
Network & Security Solutions
Corporate
Total Segment EBITDA

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Percent Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

Reported Constant
Currency Percent

Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

 

 

 

 

 

$ 1,824
686
729
(167)
$ 3,072

$ 1,725
646
666
(145)
$ 2,892

$ 1,681
550
639
(140)
$ 2,730

6%
6%
9%
15%
6%

3%
17%
4%
4%
6%

6%
7%
9%
15%
7%

5%
21%
4%
4%
8%

The following table displays Segment EBITDA margin by segment for the periods indicated: 

 

 

Segment EBITDA Margin:
Global Business Solutions
Global Financial Solutions
Network & Security Solutions
Total Segment EBITDA Margin

Global Business Solutions

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Change

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

 

 

 

 

 

42.8%
42.3%
47.2%
41.4%

42.5%
40.6%
44.8%
40.5%

41.1%
30 bps
36.8% 170 bps
43.6% 240 bps
38.7%
90 bps

140 bps
380 bps
120 bps
180 bps

Global Business Solutions Segment EBITDA increased 6% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by the impact of the revenue 
items noted previously within "Global Business Solutions segment results" above, the acquisition of CardConnect and BluePay, 
along with expense declines driven by expense management initiatives.

Global Business Solutions Segment EBITDA increased 3% in 2016 compared to 2015  primarily driven by the impact of the revenue 
items noted previously within "Global Business Solutions segment results" above, along with expense declines driven by our 
expense management initiatives. Currency translation negatively impacted segment adjusted EBITDA by approximately $40 
million compared to the prior period. 

Global Financial Solutions

Global Financial Solutions Segment EBITDA increased 6% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to the impact of the revenue items 
noted  within  "Global  Financial  Solutions  segment  results"  above  and  lower  expenses  driven  by  $25  million  of  operational 
efficiencies and lower plastics volumes in North America partially offset by increased investment in the international regions. 
Currency translation negatively impacted segment adjusted EBITDA by approximately $7 million compared to the prior period.

Global Financial Solutions Segment EBITDA increased 17% in 2016 compared to 2015 due to the impact of the revenue items 
noted within "Global Financial Solutions segment results" above, which for the year ended December 31, 2016 includes $27 
million from contract modifications and resolution of license fee disputes. The revenue growth was partially offset by an increase 
in variable expenses within our North America region. Currency translation negatively impacted segment adjusted EBITDA by 
approximately $20 million compared to the prior period.

Network & Security Solutions

Network & Security Solutions Segment EBITDA increased 9% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to the revenue items noted within 
"Network & Security Solutions segment results".  In addition to revenue growth, expenses declined due to cost management 
initiatives in 2017.

48

Network & Security Solutions Segment EBITDA increased 4% in 2016 compared to 2015 due to the revenue items noted within 
"Network & Security Solutions segment results". In addition to revenue growth, expenses declined for the year ended December 
31, 2016 by approximately $6 million due to expenses associated with strategic investments made during the first quarter of 2015.

Corporate

Corporate Segment EBITDA loss increased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to higher legal and incentive compensation related 
expenses.

Corporate Segment EBITDA loss increased modestly  in 2016 compared to 2015 as a decrease in incentive compensation expense 
was partially offset by growth in technology and infrastructure costs. 

Adjusted Net Income

Adjusted net income is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management that provides an alternative view of performance. 
Adjusted net income excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, stock-based compensation, restructuring costs and 
other items affecting comparability and, therefore, are not reflective of continuing operating performance. Management believes 
that the presentation of adjusted net income provides users of our financial statements greater transparency into ongoing results 
of operations allowing them to better compare our results from period to period.  This non-GAAP measure is not in accordance 
with, or an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by 
other companies. In addition, adjusted net income is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. Non-
GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined 
in accordance with GAAP. These measures should only be used to evaluate our results of operations in conjunction with the 
corresponding GAAP measures.

The following table reconciles the reported net income presented in accordance with GAAP to the non-GAAP financial measure 
of adjusted net income for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:  

(in millions)
Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation
Adjustments:
Stock-based compensation
Loss on debt extinguishment
Amortization of acquisition intangibles and deferred financing costs(a)
(Gain) loss on disposal of businesses
Gain on Visa Europe share sale
Restructuring
Intercompany foreign exchange gain (loss)
Fees paid on debt modification
Impairment, litigation, and other(b)
Deal and deal integration costs
Mark-to-market adjustment for derivatives and euro-denominated debt
Income tax on above items(c)
Adjusted net income attributable to First Data Corporation

Year ended December 31,

Percent Change

2017

2016

2015

2017 vs.

2016

2016 vs.

2015

$ 1,465

$

420

$(1,481)

NM

NM

245
80
403
(18)
—
83
1
10
24
27
—
(895)
$ 1,425

263
70
422
34
(29)
49
(19)
29
11
—
5
(35)
$ 1,220

329
1,068
579
—
—
53
41
—
96
—
(53)
(11)
621

$

(7)% (20)%
14 % (93)%
(5)% (27)%
NM
NM
NM
NM
69 %
(8)%
NM
NM
(66)%
NM
118 % (89)%
NM
(100)% (109)%
NM
96 %

NM
17 %

NM

NM represents not meaningful
(a)  Represents amortization of intangibles established in connection with the 2007 Merger and acquisitions we have made since 2007, excluding the percentage of our consolidated 
amortization of acquisition intangibles related to non-wholly owned consolidated alliances equal to the portion of such alliances owned by our alliance partners. Also, includes 
amortization related to deferred financing costs of $10 million, $29 million and $6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.

(b)  Represents impairments, non-normal course litigation and regulatory settlements, investments gains (losses), and other, as applicable to the periods presented. The 2015 balance 

includes a $78 million termination fee paid to KKR upon consummation of our initial public offering.

(c)  The tax effect of the adjustments between our GAAP and adjusted results takes into account the tax treatment and related tax rate(s) that apply to each adjustment in the applicable 
tax jurisdiction(s). Generally, this results in a tax impact at the U.S. effective tax rate for certain adjustments, including the majority of amortization of intangible assets, deferred 
financing costs, stock compensation, and loss on debt extinguishment; whereas the tax impact of other adjustments, including restructuring expense, depends on whether the 
amounts are deductible in the respective tax jurisdictions and the applicable effective tax rate(s) in those jurisdictions. Income tax (expense) benefit also includes the impact of 
significant discrete tax items impacting Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation. The significant change in income taxes in the current period is primarily driven 
by a $1,289 million tax benefit associated with the release of valuation allowances in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, partially offset by a $353 million tax expense associated with 
the impact of tax reform on our deferred tax assets.

49

Adjusted net income for the year ended December 31, 2017 improved due to better operating performance and lower interest 
expense. Growth in depreciation partially offset adjusted net income for the year ended December 31, 2017.

Adjusted net income for the year ended December 31, 2016 improved due to better operating performance and lower interest 
expense.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
 
Our source of liquidity is principally cash generated from operating activities supplemented by our receivable securitization facility 
and, as necessary, on a short-term basis by borrowings against our senior secured revolving credit facility. We believe our current 
level of cash and short-term financing capabilities along with future cash flows from operations are sufficient to meet the ongoing 
needs of the business. To the extent future cash flows exceed the ongoing needs of the business, we may use all or a portion of 
the excess cash to reduce our debt balances.

Since our IPO which occurred in October 2015, we have executed various amendments and modifications to our debt agreements 
in an effort to lower our overall cost of debt and to extend debt maturities. Prior to 2017, we primarily used excess cash generated 
by the business and funds raised via the IPO to pay down certain tranches of debt. In 2017, we acquired 100% of CardConnect 
and BluePay for net consideration of $763 million and $759 million, respectively.  For additional detail about these acquisitions, 
see note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2017.

Total borrowings and net debt 

For the year ended December 31, 2017, net debt increased due to acquisitions. The chart below shows the net debt balances as of 
December 31, 2017 and  2016. Net debt is a non-GAAP measure defined as total long-term borrowings plus short-term and current 
portion of long-term borrowings at par value excluding lines of credit used for settlement purposes less cash and cash equivalents. 
We believe that net debt provides additional insight on the level and management of leverage. Net debt is not, and should not be 
viewed as, a substitute for total outstanding GAAP borrowings. 

(in millions)
Total long-term borrowings
Total short-term and current portion of long-term borrowings
Total borrowings
Unamortized discount and unamortized deferred financing costs
Total borrowings at par
Less: settlement lines of credit and other arrangements
Debt
Less: cash and cash equivalents
Net debt

$

$

As of December 31,

2017

2016

17,927
1,271
19,198
126
19,324
205
19,119
498
18,621

$

$

18,131
358
18,489
156
18,645
84
18,561
385
18,176

Our current level of debt may limit our ability to get additional funding at our current funding rate beyond our revolving credit 
facility and receivable securitization facility if needed. Details regarding our debt structure are provided in note 2 "Borrowings" 
to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

Credit ratings
  
As of February 20, 2018, our long-term corporate family rating from Moody’s was B1 (outlook stable). The long-term local issuer 
credit rating from Standard and Poor’s was B+ (outlook stable). The long-term issuer default rating from Fitch was B+ (outlook 
positive). A decrease in our credit ratings could affect our ability to access future financing at current funding rates, which could 
result in increased interest expense in the future.

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments (other than those included in settlement assets) with original maturities of three months or less (that are readily 
convertible  to  cash)  are  considered  to  be  cash  equivalents  and  are  stated  at  cost,  which  approximates  market  value. As  of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, we held $498 million and $385 million in cash and cash equivalents, respectively.

50

The following table details the cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2017 and 2016:

As of December 31, 2017

As of December 31, 2016

$

Total

(in millions)
114
Domestic
271
International
Total
385
(a)   Represents cash held by two of our domestic entities that are not available to fund operations outside of these entities unless the Board of Directors of those 
respective entities declare a dividend.  Also, one of these entities is subject to regulatory capital requirements that must be satisfied before a dividend may 
be declared.  

Available
50
227
277

Available
12
127
139

102 (a) $
144 (c)
246

101 (a) $
120 (b)
221

Unavailable
$

Unavailable
$

151
347
498

(b)   Consolidated foreign joint ventures held $110 million in cash and cash equivalents until the joint ventures' Board of Directors authorize a distribution. In 
addition, $10 million of the remaining unavailable cash and cash equivalents in our international subsidiaries is held in countries that have currency controls.
(c)  Consolidated foreign joint ventures held $134 million in cash and cash equivalents until the joint ventures' Board of Directors authorize a distribution. In 
addition, $10 million of the remaining unavailable cash and cash equivalents in our international subsidiaries is held in countries that have currency controls.

Total

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Cash flows 

 

Source/(use) (in millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Cash flows from operating activities

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

2,047
(1,950)
9

$

2,111
(387)
(1,734)

795
(685)
(16)

The chart below reconciles the change in operating cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2017 and 
December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016: 

Source/(use) (in millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities, previous period
Increases (decreases) in:

Net income, excluding other operating expenses and other income (a)
Depreciation and amortization
Working capital

Net cash provided by operating activities, end of period

(a)   Excludes loss on debt extinguishment, stock-based compensation expense and other non-cash items.

Year ended December 31,
2017
2016

2,111

$

795

270
12
(346)
2,047

$

840
(72)
548
2,111

$

$

Our operating cash flow is significantly impacted by our level of debt. Approximately $0.9 billion, $1.0 billion, and $1.8 billion 
in cash interest, net of interest rate swap settlements, was paid during 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. The decrease in cash 
interest in 2017 compared to 2016 is due to lower spreads on term loan debt, lower payments on interest rate derivatives, and 
lower average outstanding principal balances, partially offset by higher LIBOR rates and a timing shift on bond coupon payments 
associated with bonds or term loans that were refinanced in both periods.

Refer to "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" for a detailed discussion on how a 100 basis point 
increase in the applicable London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) index on an annualized basis would impact our annual interest 
expense.

51

The table below represents the working capital change for the years ended December 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 
2016:

Source/(use) (in millions)
Accounts receivable, current and long term (a)
Other assets, current and long term (b)
Accounts payable and other liabilities, current and long term (c)
Income tax accounts (d)
Total working capital change

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

Change

$

$

(196) $
(36)
(82)
(16)
(330) $

(81) $
61
35
1
16

$

(115)
(97)
(117)
(17)
(346)

(a)  Decrease due to year-end timing and growth in pre-funding for one of our retail clients.  
(b)  Decrease resulted from $49 million related to inventory working capital initiative in 2016, $24 million in prepaid maintenance contacts, and interest rate 

swaps.

(c)  Decrease is attributable to timing of payments.
(d)  Decrease is related to income tax payments in 2017.

The table below represents the working capital change for the years ended December 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 
2015:

Year ended December 31,

2016

2015

Change

$

Source/(use) (in millions)
Accounts receivable, current and long term (a)
Other assets, current and long term (b)
Accounts payable and other liabilities, current and long term (c)
Income tax accounts (d)
Total working capital change

103
260
197
(12)
548
Increase is driven by $102 million reclassification related to settlement activities to conform certain domestic and international businesses to our global 
policies.
Increase due to $96 million from the settlement of cross-currency swaps in 2016 and the timing of working capital requirements and operational 
improvements impacting inventory levels.
Increase is resulting from $271 million of accelerated interest payments in 2015 related to debt extinguishments offset by the non-recurrence of two 
supplier signing bonuses received in the prior year.
(d)  Decrease related to income tax payments in 2016.

(81) $
61
35
1
16

(184) $
(199)
(162)
13

(532) $

(b) 

(a) 

(c) 

$

$

Cash flows from investing activities

The table below summarizes the changes in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Source/(use) (in millions)
Acquisitions (a)
Dispositions (b)
Capital expenditures
Other (c)
Net cash used in investing activities

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

Change

$

$

(1,607) $

88
(518)
87

(1,950) $

(6) $
38
(477)
58

(387) $

(1,601)
50
(41)
29
(1,563)

(b) 

(a)  Decrease is related to acquisition of Acculynk, CardConnect and BluePay during 2017.  For additional detail about these acquisitions, see note 12 

"Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
Increase driven by proceeds from our 2017 Baltics disposition offset by 2016 sale of the Australian ATM business.  For additional detail about these 
dispositions, see note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the year ended 
December 31, 2017.

(c)  Other represents proceeds from maturity of net investment hedge, proceeds from sale of property and equipment, purchase of equity method investments,  

and other investing activities.

52

The table below summarizes the changes in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015:

Year ended December 31,

$

2015

2016

Source/(use) (in millions)
Acquisitions (a)
83
Dispositions (b)
34
125
Capital expenditures
Other (c)
56
Net cash used in investing activities
298
Increase driven by the 2015 acquisitions of Spree, First Pay, and Transaction Wireless Inc.  For additional detail about these acquisitions, see note 12 
"Acquisitions and Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
Increase driven by the 2016 sale of the Australian ATM business.  For additional detail about these dispositions, see note 12 "Acquisitions and 
Dispositions" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
Increase is driven by 2016 sale of two facilities of $38 million, $27 million of cash received from our investment in Visa Europe.  Change was partially 
offset by $17 million of proceeds from the sale of two facilities in 2015 and an investment in an international joint venture.  

(6) $
38
(477)
58

4
(602)
2

(387) $

(685) $

(89) $

Change

$

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Cash flows from financing activities

The table below summarizes the changes in financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Source/(use) (in millions)
Net debt transactions (a)
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
Other (b)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

Change

382
50
(423)
9

$

$

(1,335) $

23
(422)

(1,734) $

1,717
27
(1)
1,743

$

$

(a)  We are regularly looking for opportunities to lower our interest expense and extend maturity dates.  The increase in net debt transactions is due to the 

capital needs associated with acquiring BluePay and CardConnect.  Details regarding our debt structure are provided in note 2 "Borrowings" to our 
consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

(b)  Other represents payment of call premiums and debt issuance cost, payment of taxes related to net settlement of equity awards, distributions and 

dividends paid to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest and other financing activities.

The table below summarizes the changes in financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015:

Source/(use) (in millions)
Net debt transactions (a)
Proceeds from issuance of common stock (b)
Other (c)
Net cash used in financing activities

Year ended December 31,

2016

2015

Change

$

$

(1,335) $

23
(422)

(1,734) $

(1,341) $
2,718
(1,393)

(16) $

6
(2,695)
971
(1,718)

(a)  We are regularly looking for opportunities to lower our interest expense and extend maturity dates.  Details regarding our debt structure are provided in 

note 2 "Borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

(b)  Decrease driven by $2.7 billion of proceeds from our initial public offering in 2015.
(c) 

Increase due to payments of call premiums and debt fees related to 2015 debt extinguishments.

Free Cash Flow

Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure defined as cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, distributions 
to minority interests and other items. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to 
management and users of our financial statements about the amount of cash generated by the business which can then be used to, 
among other things, reduce outstanding debt and/or strategic acquisitions. Free cash flow is not, and should not be viewed as, a 
substitute for GAAP reported financial information. 

53

The table below reconciles cash flow from operations to free cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.

Source/(use) (in millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities (a)(c)
Capital expenditures
Distributions and dividends paid to noncontrolling interests, redeemable 
noncontrolling interest, and other (b)(c)
Free cash flow

$

$

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

Change

2,047
(518)

(170)
1,359

$

$

2,111
(477)

(418)
1,216

$

$

(64)
(41)

248
143

(a)  Net cash provided by operating activities decreased due to the items noted previously in the "Cash flows from operating activities" above.
(b)  Distributions and dividends paid to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest and other decreased due to $90 million received from 

the maturity of three net investment hedges in 2017, lower noncontrolling interest earnings, and the timing of distributions totaling $53 million.

(c)  The year ended December 31, 2016 balance includes a $102 million reclassification related to settlement activities to conform certain domestic and international 
businesses to our global policies, which increased "Cash and cash equivalents" and decreased "Accounts receivable, net" in our consolidated balances sheets.  
Free cash flow excludes the impact of reclassification.

The table below reconciles cash flow from operations to free cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.

Source/(use) (in millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities (a)(c)
Capital expenditures (b)
Distributions and dividends paid to noncontrolling interests, redeemable 
noncontrolling interest, and other(c)
Free cash flow

$

$

Year ended December 31,

2016

2015

Change

2,111
(477)

(418)
1,216

$

$

$

795
(602)

(312)
(119) $

1,316
125

(106)
1,335

(a)  Net cash provided by operating activities increased due to the items noted previously in the "Cash flows from operating activities" above. 
(b)  Change in capital expenditures is due to a $132 million increase in new capital leases and other financing arrangements.  Capital leases and other financing 
arrangements are reflected within "Short-term and current portion of long-term borrowings" and "Long-term borrowings" within the consolidated balance 
sheets.

(c)  The year ended December 31, 2016 balance includes a $102 million reclassification related to settlement activities to conform certain domestic and international 
businesses to our global policies, which increased "Cash and cash equivalents" and decreased "Accounts receivable, net" in our consolidated balances sheets.  
Free cash flow excludes the impact of reclassification.

Letters, lines of credit, and other

 

 

(in millions)
Letters of credit (b)
Lines of credit and other (c)

Total Available (a)
As of December 31,

Total Outstanding
As of December 31,

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$

283
546

$

250
489

$

29
205

41
84

(a)  Total available without giving effect to amounts outstanding.
(b)  Outstanding letters of credit are held in connection with lease arrangements, bankcard association agreements, and other security agreements. Letters of 
credit are issued against our revolving credit facility with a $250 million limit in 2017 and 2016.   The largest amount of letters of credit outstanding during 
2017 was approximately $44 million.  All letters of credit expire on or prior to December 15, 2018 with a one-year renewal option.  We expect to renew 
most of the letters of credit prior to expiration. On December 14, 2017, the Company executed a $33 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility 
maturing December 20, 2019, available for letters of credit. The interest rate associated with the credit facility was 1.85% for the year ended December 31, 
2017. At the end of 2017, we were in the process of transitioning our letters of credit from the revolving credit facility to the senior unsecured credit facility. 
This resulted in duplicate letters of credit totaling $19 million, which are not included in the total outstanding balance above.

(c)  As of December 31, 2017 we had $531 million of committed lines of credit as well as certain uncommitted lines of credit and other agreements that are 
available in various currencies to fund settlement and other activity. We cannot use these lines of credit for general corporate purposes. Certain of these 
arrangements are uncommitted but, as of the dates presented, we had borrowings outstanding against them.  Increase due to year-end timing and growth in 
pre-funding for one of our retail clients.

In the event one or more of the lines of credit becomes unavailable, we will utilize our existing cash, cash flows from operating 
activities, our receivable securitization facility or our senior secured revolving credit facility to meet our liquidity needs. 

Guarantees and covenants All obligations under the senior secured revolving credit facility and our senior secured term loan 
facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by most of our existing and future, direct and indirect, wholly-owned, material domestic 
subsidiaries. The senior secured facilities contain a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to incur 
additional indebtedness; create liens; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; engage in mergers or consolidations; sell or transfer 

54

assets; pay dividends and distributions or repurchase our capital stock; make investments, loans or advances; prepay certain 
indebtedness; make certain acquisitions; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; amend material agreements governing 
certain indebtedness; and change our lines of business. The senior secured facilities also require us to not exceed a maximum 
senior secured leverage ratio and contain certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default, including a change of 
control. The senior secured term loan facility also requires mandatory prepayments based on a percentage of excess cash flow 
generated by us if we exceed a certain leverage ratio.

All obligations under the senior secured notes, senior notes, and senior subordinated notes are similarly guaranteed in accordance 
with their terms by each of our domestic subsidiaries that guarantee obligations under our senior secured term loan facility described 
above. These notes and facilities also contain a number of covenants similar to those described for the senior secured obligations 
noted above. 

Although all of the above described instruments of indebtedness contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, 
these restrictions are subject to numerous qualifications and exceptions, including the ability to incur indebtedness in connection 
with our settlement operations. We believe that the indebtedness that can be incurred under these exceptions as well as additional 
credit under the existing senior secured revolving credit facility are sufficient to satisfy our needs for the foreseeable future. 

Covenant compliance Under the senior secured revolving credit and term loan facilities, certain limitations, restrictions, and 
defaults could occur if we are not able to satisfy and remain in compliance with specified financial ratios. We have agreed that we 
will not permit the Consolidated Senior Secured Debt to Covenant EBITDA Ratio (both as defined in the agreement) for any 12 
month period (last four fiscal quarters) to be greater than 6.0 to 1.0.

The breach of this covenant could result in a default under the senior secured revolving credit facility and the senior secured term 
loan credit facility and the lenders could elect to declare all amounts borrowed due and payable. Any such acceleration could also 
result in a default under the indentures for the senior secured notes, senior notes, and senior subordinated notes.  As of December 31, 
2017, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants, including our sole financial covenant with Consolidated Senior Secured 
Debt of $12.3 billion, Covenant EBITDA of $3.5 billion and a Ratio of 3.49 to 1.0.

Covenant EBITDA is calculated by adjusting EBITDA to exclude unusual items as permitted in calculating covenant compliance 
under the credit facilities. Covenant EBITDA is further adjusted to add net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and 
redeemable noncontrolling interest of certain non wholly owned subsidiaries and exclude other miscellaneous adjustments that 
are used in calculating covenant compliance under the agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities. Because not all 
companies use identical calculations, this presentation of Covenant EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled 
measures of other companies. 

55

The calculation of Covenant EBITDA under our senior secured facilities was as follows:

(in millions)
Net income attributable to First Data Corporation
Interest expense, net
Income tax benefit
Depreciation and amortization

EBITDA

$

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2017

1,465
937
(729)
1,073
2,746

Loss on debt extinguishment
Stock-based compensation
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest
Projected near-term cost savings and revenue enhancements (1)
Restructuring, net
Non-operating foreign currency (gains) and losses
Equity entities taxes, depreciation and amortization (2)
Divestitures, net
Other (3)

80
245
199
111
83
1
14
(18)
62
3,523
(1)  Reflects cost savings and revenue enhancements  we expect to realize as a result of specific actions as if they were achieved on the first day of the period. 
Includes cost savings initiatives associated with the business optimization projects and other technology initiatives. We may not realize the anticipated cost 
savings pursuant to our anticipated timetable or at all.

Covenant EBITDA

(2)  Represents our proportional share of income taxes, depreciation, and amortization on equity method investments.
(3) 

Includes items such as deal and deal integration costs, pension losses, earn-outs, litigation and regulatory settlements, and other as applicable to the period 
presented.

$

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
 
During 2017, 2016, and 2015, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities other than those included in the 
“Contractual Obligations” discussion below and those reflected in note 14 "Commitments and Contingencies" to our consolidated 
financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Contractual Obligations
 
Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2017 were as follows:

 

(in millions) 
Borrowings (a)
Capital lease obligations (b)
Operating leases
Purchase obligations (c):
Technology and telecommunications (d)
All other (e)
Total (f) (g)

Payments Due by Period

Total

Less than
 1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

After
 5 years

$

$

22,806
331
346

 

962
50
24,495

$

$

941
99
63

391
29
1,523

$

$

3,101
194
104

441
12
3,852

$

$

5,329
18
74

130
5
5,556

$

$

13,435
20
105

—
4
13,564

(a) 

Includes future principal and cash interest payments on long-term borrowings through scheduled maturity dates. Includes $10.0 billion of variable rate debt, 
$4.3 billion of which is subject to fixed interest rate collar contracts which mitigate exposure to interest rate fluctuations, but are subject to contractual 
ceilings and floors. Borrowings and interest rate swaps are discussed in note 2 "Borrowings" and note 13 "Derivative Financial Instruments", respectively, 
to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Interest payments for the variable rate debt and the associated interest rate swaps 
were calculated using interest rates as of December 31, 2017.

(b)  Represents future payments on existing capital leases, including interest expense, through scheduled expiration dates.
(c)  Many of our contracts contain clauses that allow us to terminate the contract with notice, and with or without a termination penalty. Termination penalties 
are generally an amount less than the original obligation. Certain contracts also have an automatic renewal clause if we do not provide written notification 

56

of our intent to terminate the contract. Obligations under certain contracts are usage-based and are, therefore, estimated in the above amounts. Historically, 
we have not had any significant defaults of our contractual obligations or incurred significant penalties for termination of our contractual obligations.

(d)  Technology and telecommunications represents obligations related to hardware purchases, including purchases of ATMs and terminals, as well as software 

licenses, hardware and software maintenance and support, technical consulting services, and telecommunications services.

(e)  All other includes obligations related to materials, data, non-technical contract services, facility security, investor management fees, maintenance, and 

marketing promotions.

(f)  We evaluate the need to make contributions to our pension plans after considering the funded status of the pension plans, movements in the discount rates, 
performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. Expected contributions to our pension plan have not been included in the table as such amounts 
are dependent upon the considerations discussed above, and may result in a wide range of amounts. See note 15 "Employee Benefit Plans" to our consolidated 
financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

(g)  As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately $270 million of tax contingencies comprised of approximately $259 million reported in long-term income 
taxes payable in the “Other long-term liabilities” line of our consolidated balance sheets, including approximately $4 million of income tax liabilities for 
which The Western Union Company (Western Union) is required to indemnify us, and approximately $11 million recorded as an increase of our deferred 
tax liability. These amounts have been excluded from the table because the settlement period cannot be reasonably estimated. The timing of these payments 
will ultimately depend on the progress of tax examinations with the various tax authorities.

Critical Accounting Policies
 
Goodwill: Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, 
and has been allocated to reporting units. Our reporting units are businesses at the operating segment level or one level below the 
operating segment level for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by management.

We test goodwill annually for impairment, as well as upon an indicator of impairment, by first performing a qualitative assessment 
at the reporting unit level for all reporting units with the exception of the GBS reporting unit for which we begin with a quantitative 
assessment. The qualitative assessment evaluates company, industry, and macroeconomic events and circumstances to determine 
if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If it is determined through the 
qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, we proceed to a quantitative 
assessment.

For reporting units tested using a quantitative assessment, fair value is based on a discounted cash flow model involving several 
assumptions. When appropriate we consider assumptions that we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in 
estimating future cash flows. The key assumptions include segment EBITDA growth and weighted-average cost of capital (discount 
rate). We determined segment EBITDA growth based on management estimates and business plans. Discount rate assumptions 
are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in future cash flows of the respective reporting unit as well as cost of debt and 
equity. If it is determined through quantitative assessment that the fair value is less than the carrying value, the amount by which 
the carrying value exceeds the fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill recorded and taking into consideration the effect of 
any tax deductible goodwill, is recorded as an impairment of goodwill. 

An impairment charge of a reporting unit’s goodwill could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. An impairment 
charge may be caused by changes in the underlying business and economic conditions, the most relevant of which would be a 
deterioration in global economic conditions. Deterioration in global economic conditions could cause us to experience a decrease 
in our segment EBITDA. Furthermore, volatility in the debt markets which impacted our debt yields, could affect these estimates 
used in the analysis discussed above, which in turn could affect the fair value of the reporting unit. Thus, it is possible for reporting 
units that record impairments to record additional impairments in the future. All key assumptions and valuations are determined 
by and are the responsibility of management. The factors used in the impairment analysis are inherently subject to uncertainty. 
We believe that we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of our reporting units, if actual 
results are not consistent with these estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated which 
could trigger an impairment charge.

As of December 31, 2017, the carrying value of goodwill was $17.7 billion of which $15.1 billion related to our GBS reporting 
unit.  As of October 1, 2017, the most recent impairment analysis date, our GBS reporting unit's fair value exceeded its carrying 
value by 13% and all other reporting units passed their respective qualitative assessments. Examples of events or circumstances 
that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair 
value of our reporting units may include such items as the following:

•  Global economic, political, and other conditions may adversely affect trends in consumer, business, and government 

spending, which may adversely impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability;

•  Our ability to anticipate and respond to changing industry trends and the needs and preferences of our clients and consumers 

may affect our competitiveness or demand for our products, which may adversely affect our operating results;
Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the financial services, payments, and technology industries 
may materially and adversely affect our overall business and operations;

• 

57

• 

Potential changes in the competitive landscape, including disintermediation from other participants in the payments value 
chain, could harm our business;

•  The market for our electronic commerce services is evolving and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough 

for us to maintain and increase our profitability;
If we are unable to maintain merchant relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected;
Failure to obtain new clients or renew client contracts on favorable terms could adversely affect results of operations and 
financial condition; and

•  Cost savings initiatives may not produce the savings expected and may negatively impact our other initiatives and efforts 

• 
• 

to grow our business.

See "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further discussions of risks that could affect our business.

An additional analysis was performed for our GBS reporting unit, which sensitized the base discount rate by an additional 50 basis 
points. GBS passed by a margin of 5%. Refer to note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our consolidated financial 
statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding goodwill. 

Reserve for merchant credit losses and check guarantees: Our merchant clients (or those of our unconsolidated alliances) have 
the liability for any charges properly reversed by the cardholder. In the event, however, that we are not able to collect such amounts 
from the merchants due to merchant fraud, insolvency, bankruptcy or another reason, we may be liable for any such reversed 
charges. Our risk in this area primarily relates to situations where the cardholder has purchased goods or services to be delivered 
in the future and which have yet to be delivered.

Our obligation to stand ready to perform is minimal in relation to the total dollar volume processed. We require cash deposits, 
guarantees, letters of credit or other types of collateral from certain merchants to minimize this obligation. The amounts of collateral 
held by us and our unconsolidated alliances are as follows:

 

As of December 31,

(in millions)
Cash and cash equivalents collateral
494
Collateral in the form of letters of credit
134
Total collateral
628
We also utilize a number of systems and procedures to manage merchant risk. Despite these efforts, we historically have experienced 
some level of losses due to merchant defaults.

499
133
632

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

Our contingent obligation relates to imprecision in our estimates of required collateral. A provision for this obligation is recorded 
based primarily on historical experience of credit losses and other relevant factors such as economic downturns or increases in 
merchant fraud. The following table presents the aggregate merchant credit losses incurred compared to total dollar volumes 
processed: 

 

(in millions) 
First Data and consolidated and unconsolidated alliances credit losses
First Data and consolidated alliances credit losses
Total dollar volume processed (in billions)

$

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

98
89
2,401

$

93
83
2,153

67
55
1,885

The reserve recorded on our consolidated balance sheets relates to the business conducted by our consolidated subsidiaries. The 
reserve for unconsolidated alliances is recorded only in the alliances’ respective financial statements. We have not recorded any 
reserve for estimated losses in excess of reserves recorded by the unconsolidated alliances nor have we identified needs to do so. 
The following table presents the aggregate merchant credit loss reserves:

 

(in millions) 
First Data and consolidated and unconsolidated alliances merchant credit loss reserves
First Data and consolidated alliances merchant credit loss reserves

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

33
29

28
23

The credit loss reserves, both for us and our unconsolidated alliances, are comprised of amounts for known losses and a provision 
for losses incurred but not reported (IBNR). These reserves primarily are determined by performing a historical analysis of 

58

chargeback loss experience. Other factors are considered that could affect that experience in the future. Such items include the 
general economy and economic challenges in a specific industry or those affecting certain types of clients. Once these factors are 
considered, we or the unconsolidated alliance establishes a rate (percentage) that is calculated by dividing the expected chargeback 
(credit) losses by dollar volume processed. This rate is then applied against the dollar volume processed each month and charged 
against earnings. The resulting reserve balance is then compared to requirements for known losses and estimates for IBNR items. 
Historically, this estimation process has proved to be materially accurate and we believe the recorded reserve approximates the 
fair value of the contingent obligation. 

The majority of the TeleCheck business involves the guarantee of checks received by merchants. If the check is returned, TeleCheck 
is required to purchase the check from the merchant at its face value and pursue collection from the check writer. A provision for 
estimated check returns, net of anticipated recoveries, is recorded at the transaction inception based on recent history. The following 
table presents the estimate of losses on returned check and the fair value of check guarantees:

 

(in millions)
Estimate of losses on returned checks
Fair value of checks guaranteed

 

The following table details the check guarantees of TeleCheck: 

 

 

Aggregate face value of guaranteed checks (in billions)
Aggregate amount of checks presented for warranty (in millions)
Warranty losses net of recoveries and service fees (in millions)

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

4
14

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

26
179
52

$

28
188
55

5
17

32
216
61

The estimate of losses on returned checks is included in “Accounts payable and accrued liabilities” and the fair value of checks 
guaranteed is included in “Accounts receivable, net” in the consolidated balance sheets. The maximum potential future payments 
under the guarantees were approximately $456 million as of December 31, 2017 which represented an estimate of the total uncleared 
checks at that time.

Income taxes: The determination of our provision for income taxes requires management’s judgment in the use of estimates and 
the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible 
and taxable items. We establish contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions, and 
other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. Our reserves reflect our judgment as to the 
resolution of the issues involved if subject to judicial review. Several years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we 
have established a reserve, is audited and finally resolved or clarified. While we believe that our reserves are adequate to cover 
reasonably expected tax risks, issues raised by a tax authority may be finally resolved at an amount different than the related 
reserve. Such differences could materially increase or decrease our income tax provision in the current and/or future periods. When 
facts and circumstances change (including a resolution of an issue or statute of limitations expiration), these reserves are adjusted 
through the provision for income taxes in the period of change. Largely, as the result of the interest expense that we incur, in the 
U.S. we are currently in a tax net operating loss position. Judgment is required to determine whether some portion or all of the 
resulting deferred tax assets will not be realized. To the extent we determine that we will not realize the benefit of some or all of 
our deferred tax assets, then these assets are adjusted through our provision for income taxes in the period in which this determination 
is made. 

We are currently in a tax net operating loss position in several jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United States, 
resulting in significant deferred tax assets. We establish a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets when, based upon 
the weight of all available evidence, we believe it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will 
not be realized. We believe that a significant portion of the deferred tax assets will be realized because of the existence of sufficient 
taxable income within the carryforward period available under the tax law, but have established valuation allowances for those 
deferred tax assets that in our judgment will not be realized. In making this determination, we have considered the relative impact 
of all of the available positive and negative evidences regarding future sources of taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
However, there could be material impact to our effective tax rate if there is a significant change in our judgment. If and when our 
judgment changes, then the valuation allowances are adjusted through the provision for income taxes in the period in which this 
determination is made. Refer to note 8 "Income Taxes" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-
K for additional information regarding our income tax provision.

59

New Accounting Guidance

Refer to note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 
8 of this Form 10-K for new accounting guidance.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

ITEM 7A. 
 
We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. Our assets include cash equivalents as well as both fixed and floating 
rate interest-bearing securities. These investments arise primarily from settlement funds held by us pending settlement.

Our interest rate-sensitive liabilities are our debt instruments. Our senior secured term loan facilities are subject to variable interest 
rates. As of December 31, 2017, we have $10 billion in variable rate debt, which includes $600 million on our accounts receivable 
securitization facility and also includes $272 million drawn on our revolving credit facility. Additionally, we have $4.3 billion in 
variable to fixed interest rate collar contracts, of which $1.5 billion expires in September 2018, $1.3 billion expires in January 
2019, and the remaining $1.5 billion expires in September 2019. The interest rate collar contracts mitigate exposure to interest 
rate fluctuations, but are subject to contractual ceilings and floors. The interest rate collar contracts provide for interest rate 
protection if one month LIBOR rises above 150 basis points on the contracts expiring September 2018 and January 2019 and 175 
basis points on the contracts expiring September 2019. 
  
Based on the December 31, 2017 balances, a 100 basis point increase in short-term interest rates on an annualized basis compared 
to the interest rates as of December 31, 2017, which for one month LIBOR was 1.56%, and a corresponding and parallel shift in 
the remainder of the yield curve, would result in a decrease to pretax income of $46 million. This decrease is due to a $62 million 
increase in interest expense related to our balance of variable interest rate debt, net of interest rate collar contracts partially offset 
by a $16 million increase in interest income primarily on settlement assets. A decrease in interest rates would result in an increase 
to pretax income.  Actual interest rates could change significantly more than 100 basis points.  There are inherent limitations in 
the sensitivity analysis presented, primarily due to the assumption that interest rate movements are linear and instantaneous. As a 
result, the analysis is unable to reflect the potential effects of more complex market changes that could arise, which may positively 
or negatively affect income.

Foreign Currency Risk
 
We are exposed to changes in currency rates as a result of our investments in foreign operations and revenues and expenses 
generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.  Revenue and profit generated by international operations will increase or 
decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Refer to note 13 "Derivative Financial 
Instruments" in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the 
changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

 

A hypothetical uniform 10% weakening in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to all the currencies in which our revenues and 
profits are denominated would result in an increase to pretax income of approximately $51 million.  This increase results from a 
$45 million increase related to foreign exchange on foreign currency earnings, assuming consistent operating results as the twelve 
months preceding December 31, 2017, and a $6 million increase related to foreign exchange on intercompany loans.  Foreign 
exchange exposure on pretax income has increased from the prior year driven by significant growth in foreign pretax earnings. 
There are inherent limitations in the sensitivity analysis presented, primarily due to the assumption that foreign exchange movements 
are linear and instantaneous.  As a result, the analysis is unable to reflect the potential effects of more complex market changes 
that could arise, which may positively or negatively affect income.

60

62
63

64
65
66
67
68

 

 

 

109

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

COVERED BY REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

 

 

First Data Corporation and Subsidiaries:
Consolidated Financial Statements:

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 
2015
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015
Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Schedules:

Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

61

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of First Data Corporation
 
Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Data Corporation as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and 
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity for each of the three years 
in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) 
(collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, 
the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the consolidated results of its operations 
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 
framework), and our report dated February 20, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on 
the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are 
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable 
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error 
or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether 
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, 
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial 
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 

 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

EY or one of its predecessors began serving consecutively as the Company’s (or one of its predecessors) auditor in 1980.

Atlanta, Georgia
February 20, 2018

 

 

62

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

 

(in millions, except per share amounts)
Revenues:
Transaction and processing service fees (a)
Product sales and other (a)

Total revenues (excluding reimbursable items)
Reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and other

Total revenues

Expenses:
Cost of services (exclusive of items shown below)
Cost of products sold
Selling, general, and administrative
Depreciation and amortization
Other operating expenses

Total expenses (excluding reimbursable items)

Reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and other

Total expenses

Operating profit
Interest expense, net
Loss on debt extinguishment
Other income
Income (loss) before income taxes and equity earnings in affiliates
Income tax (benefit) expense
Equity earnings in affiliates
Net income (loss)
Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
and redeemable noncontrolling interest
Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation

Net income (loss) per share:
Basic
Diluted

Weighted-average common shares outstanding:
Basic
Diluted

$

$

$
$

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$
$

6,757
1,372
8,129
3,923
12,052

 

 

2,763
359
2,178
972
143
6,415
3,923
10,338
1,714
(937)
(80)
16
713
(729)
222
1,664

199
1,465

1.60
1.56

916
940

$

$

$
$

6,600
1,239
7,839
3,745
11,584

 

 

2,855
337
2,035
949
61
6,237
3,745
9,982
1,602
(1,068)
(70)
17
481
81
260
660

240
420

0.47
0.46

902
921

6,597
1,167
7,764
3,687
11,451

 

 

2,871
356
2,292
1,022
53
6,594
3,687
10,281
1,170
(1,537)
(1,068)
29
(1,406)
101
239
(1,268)

213
(1,481)

(7.70)
(7.70)

192
192

 (a)  Includes processing fees, administrative service fees, and other fees charged to merchant alliances accounted for under the equity method of $215 million, 

$198 million, and $205 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.

 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

63

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

 

 

(in millions)
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Pension liability adjustments
Derivative instruments
Marketable securities
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Comprehensive income (loss)
Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests and
redeemable noncontrolling interest
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

1,664

$

660

$

(1,268)

 

201
72
9
—
282
1,946

211
1,735

$

 

(153)
38
3
—
(112)
548

235
313

$

$

 

(290)
(13)
—
3
(300)
(1,568)

203
(1,771)

 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

64

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

 

(in millions, except par value)

Current assets:

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $45 and $74
Settlement assets
Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,588 and $1,416
Goodwill
Customer relationships, net of accumulated amortization of $5,940 and $5,660
Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of $2,665 and $2,365
Investment in affiliates
Other long-term assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
Short-term and current portion of long-term borrowings
Settlement obligations

Total current liabilities

Long-term borrowings
Deferred tax liabilities
Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (See note 14)
Redeemable noncontrolling interest
First Data Corporation stockholders' equity:

Class A Common stock, $0.01 par value; 1,600 shares authorized as of December 31, 2017 and
December 31, 2016, 492 shares and 372 shares issued as of December 31, 2017 and December 31,
2016, respectively; and 482 shares and 368 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2017 and
December 31, 2016, respectively
Class B Common stock, $0.01 par value; 523 and 625 shares authorized as of December 31, 2017
and December 31, 2016, respectively; 443 shares and 544 shares issued and outstanding as of
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 respectively

Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 100 shares authorized as of December 31, 2017 and December 31,
2016 ; no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016
Class A Treasury stock, at cost, 11 shares and 5 shares as of December 31, 2017 and December 31,
2016, respectively
Additional paid-in capital
Accumulated loss
Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total First Data Corporation stockholders' equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total equity
Total liabilities and equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

 

65

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

$

 

 

498
2,176
20,363
335
23,372
951
17,710
2,184
1,935
1,054
1,063
48,269

 
 
1,659
1,271
20,363
23,293
17,927
77
886
42,183

72

 

5

4

—

(149)
13,495
(9,059)
(1,144)
3,152
2,862
6,014
48,269

$

 

 

385
1,877
14,795
360
17,417
883
16,696
1,739
1,800
988
769
40,292

 
 

1,564
358
14,795
16,717
18,131
409
831
36,088

73

 

4

5

—

(61)
13,210
(10,524)
(1,414)
1,220
2,911
4,131
40,292

$

$

$

$

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

 

(in millions)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income (loss)
Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:

$

Depreciation and amortization (including amortization netted against
equity earnings in affiliates and revenues)
Deferred income taxes
Charges related to other operating expenses and other income
Loss on debt extinguishment
Stock-based compensation expense
Other non-cash and non-operating items, net

(Decrease) increase in cash, excluding the effects of acquisitions and
dispositions, resulting from changes in:

Accounts receivable, current and long term
Other assets, current and long term
Accounts payable and other liabilities, current and long term
Income tax accounts

Net cash provided by operating activities

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Additions to property and equipment
Payments to secure customer service contracts, including outlays for
conversion, and capitalized systems development costs
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
Proceeds from dispositions
Proceeds from the maturity of net investment hedges
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment
Other investing activities, net

Net cash used in investing activities

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Short-term borrowings, net
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt
Payment of call premiums and debt issuance cost
Principal payments on long-term debt
Payment of taxes related to net settlement of equity awards
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
Distributions and dividends paid to noncontrolling interests and
redeemable noncontrolling interest
Other financing activities, net

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Income tax payments, net of refunds received
Interest paid
Distributions received from equity method investments
NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS:
Capital leases, net of trade-ins
Other financing arrangements

$

$

$
$

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

1,664

 

 

1,073
(853)
127
80
245
41

 

(196)
(36)
(82)
(16)
2,047

 

(271)

(247)
(1,607)
88
90
—
(3)
(1,950)

 

823
4,968
(63)
(5,409)
(94)
50

(260)
(6)
9
7
113
385
498

142
916
266

112
102

$

$

660

 

 

1,061
(38)
44
70
263
35

 

(81)
61
35
1
2,111

 

(232)

(245)
(6)
38
—
38
20
(387)

 

205
3,533
(53)
(5,073)
(61)
23

(316)
8
(1,734)
(34)
(44)
429
385

118
1,032
304

136
79

$

$

$
$

$

$

$
$

 

(1,268)

 

1,133
(7)
24
1,068
329
48

 

(184)
(199)
(162)
13
795

 

(282)

(320)
(89)
4
—
17
(15)
(685)

 

(31)
10,258
(1,062)
(11,568)
—
2,718

(312)
(19)
(16)
(23)
71
358
429

95
1,815
289

83
—

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

66

0
3
5

,

2

$

0
0
1

,

3

$

)
7
1
0

,

1
(

$

)
9
5
4

,

9
(

$

6
0
9

,

9

$

—

$

—

 

 

l
a
t
o
T

g
n

t
s
e
r
e
t
n
I

i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
N

d
e
t
a
l

u
m
u
c
c
A

r
e
h
t
O

e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
C

)
s
s
o
L

(
 
e
m
o
c
n
I

d
e
t
a
l

u
m
u
c
c
A

s
s
o
L

l
a
n
o
i
t
i

d
d
A

l
a
t
i

n
I
-
d

p
a
C

i
a
P

 

k
c
o
t
S
y
r
u
s
a
e
r
T

A
 
s
s
a
l
C

 

k
c
o
t
S
n
o
m
m
o
C

B
 
s
s
a
l
C

A
 
s
s
a
l
C

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

N
O
I
T
A
R
O
P
R
O
C
A
T
A
D
T
S
R
I
F

 

 

 
 

 

 

Y
T
I
U
Q
E
F
O
S
T
N
E
M
E
T
A
T
S
D
E
T
A
D
I
L
O
S
N
O
C

 

'
s
r
e
d

 

l
o
h
k
c
o
t
S
n
o
i
t
a
r
o
p
r
o
C
a
t
a
D

 

 
t
s
r
i
F

 

)
8
(

6
1
3

)
4
(

)
3
1
(

8
1
7

,

2

0
6
6

,

3

)
3
8
2
(

7
2
6

)
2
1
1
(

4

3
6
2

)
8
2
(

1
3
1

,

4

)
9
2
2
(

2
8
2

3
3
6

,

1

1

5
4
2

)
9
4
(

)
7
7
2
(

)
0
0
3
(

)
2
0
3

,

1
(

)
7
7
2
(

9
7
1

)
0
1
(

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
0
9
2
(

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
4
(

—

—

)
1
8
4

,

1
(

)
3
8
2
(

7
0
2

)
5
(

—

—

—

—

—

)
7
0
1
(

—

—

—

—

0
2
4

—

—

—

—

2
9
9

,

2

)
7
0
3

,

1
(

)
4
4
9

,

0
1
(

—

—

—

)
8
(

6
1
3

—

)
0
2
(

6
1
7

,

2

0
1
9

,

2
1

—

—

—

4

3
6
2

3
3

)
9
2
2
(

2
1

8
6
1

—

—

—

—

—

0
7
2

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

5
6
4
1

,

—

—

—

1

5
4
2

9
3

1
1
9

,

2

)
4
1
4

,

1
(

)
4
2
5

,

0
1
(

0
1
2

,

3
1

4
1
0
6

,

$

2
6
8
2

,

$

)
4
4
1

,

1
(

$

)
9
5
0

,

9
(

$

5
9
4

,

3
1

$

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
1
6
(

)
1
6
(

—

—

—

—

—

)
8
8
(

)
9
4
1
(

$

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

5

5

—

—

—

—

—

6

1
1

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

7

—

7

—

—

—

—

—

)
2
(

5

—

—

—

—

—

)
1
(

4

$

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

9
1
7

—

9
1
7

—

—

—

—

—

)
5
7
1
(

4
4
5

—

—

—

—

—

$

)
1
0
1
(

3
4
4

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

2

2

—

—

—

—

—

2

4

—

—

—

—

—

1

5

$

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

0
8
1

0
8
1

—

—

—

—

—

8
8
1

8
6
3

—

—

—

—

—

$

4
1
1

2
8
4

e
l
b
a
m
e
e
d
e
r
 
f
o

 
e
u
l
a
v

 

n
o
i
t
p
m
e
d
e
r
 
o
t
 
s
t
n
e
m

t
s
u
j
d
A

t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 
g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
n

r
e
h
t
o

 

d
n
a
 
e
s
n
e
p
x
e
 
n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 
k
c
o
t
S

)
a
(
 

4
1
0
2
 
,
1
3
 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

)
s
n
o
i
l
l
i

 

m
n
i
(

o
t
 
d
i
a
p

 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
d
 
d
n
a
 
s
d
n
e
d
i
v
i
D

)
b
(
 
s
t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 
g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
n

s
s
o
l
 
e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
c
 
r
e
h
t
O

)
c
(
 
)
s
s
o
l
(
 
e
m
o
c
n
i
 
t
e
N

o
t
 

n
o
i
t
a
r
o
p
r
o
C
 
a
t
a
D

 
t
s
r
i

F
 
y
b
 
d
i
a
p
 
s
d
n
e
d
i
v
i
d

 

h
s
a
C

t
n
e
r
a
P
 
r
e
m
r
o
f

e
l
b
a
m
e
e
d
e
r
 
f
o

 
e
u
l
a
v

 

n
o
i
t
p
m
e
d
e
r
 
o
t
 
s
t
n
e
m

t
s
u
j
d
A

t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 
g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
n

s
n
a
l
p

 

n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 
k
c
o
t
s
 
r
e
d
n
u
 
y
t
i
v
i
t
c
a
 
k
c
o
t
S

r
e
h
t
o

 

d
n
a

e
s
n
e
p
x
e
 
n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 
k
c
o
t
S

o
t
 
d
i
a
p

 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
d
 
d
n
a
 
s
d
n
e
d
i
v
i
D

)
b
(
 
s
t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 
g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
n

e
m
o
c
n
i
 
e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
c
 
r
e
h
t
O

)
c
(
 
)
s
s
o
l
(
 
e
m
o
c
n
i
 
t
e
N

6
1
0
2
 
,
1
3
 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

e
l
b
a
m
e
e
d
e
r
 
f
o

 
e
u
l
a
v

 
n
o
i
t
p
m
e
d
e
r
 
o
t
 
t
n
e
m

t
s
u
j
d
A

t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 
g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
n

e
s
n
e
p
x
e
 
n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 
k
c
o
t
S

)
a
(
 
5
1
0
2
 
,
1
3
 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

)
a
(
 
r
e
g
r
e
m
 
y
n
a
p
m
o
c
 
g
n
i
d
l
o
H

g
n
i
r
e
f
f

O
 
c
i
l
b
u
P

 
l
a
i
t
i
n
I

o
t
 
d
i
a
p

 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
d
 
d
n
a
 
s
d
n
e
d
i
v
i
D

)
b
(
 
s
t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 
g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
n

s
s
o
l
 
e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
c
 
r
e
h
t
O

)
c
(
 
)
s
s
o
l
(
 
e
m
o
c
n
i
 
t
e
N

s
n
a
l
p

 

n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 

k
c
o
t
s
 
r
e
d
n
u
 
y
t
i
v
i
t
c
a
 
k
c
o
t
S

r
e
h
t
o

 

d
n
a

7
1
0
2
 
,
1
3
 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
d
n
i
 
,

 

y
l
e
v
i
t
c
e
p
s
e
r
 
,

n
o
i
l
l
i

 

m
5
3
$

 

d
n
a
 
,

n
o
i
l
l
i

 

m
3
3
$

 
,

n
o
i
l
l
i

 

m
1
3
$

 
s
e
d
u
l
c
x
e
 

5
1
0
2
d
n
a
 
,

 

6
1
0
2

 
,

7
1
0
2

 
,

1
3

 

 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D
d
e
d
n
e
 
s
r
a
e
y

 
e
h
t
 
r
o
f
 

y
t
i
u
q
e
 
f
o

 
s
t
n
e
m
e
t
a
t
s
 

d
e
t
a
d
i
l
o
s
n
o
c
 
e
h
t
 

n
i
 

d
e
t
n
e
s
e
r
p

 
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
d
 
l
a
t
o
t
 
e
h
T

 
.

y
t
i
u
q
e
 

n
i
 

d
e
d
u
l
c
n
i
 
t
o
n

 
t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 

g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
-
n
o
n
 
e
l
b
a
m
e
e
d
e
r
 
o
t
 
d
i
a
p

 
,
t
n
e
r
e
f
f
i
d
n
o
i
l
l
i

 

 

m
4
3
$

 

d
n
a
 
,
t
n
e
r
e
f
f
i
d

 

n
o
i
l
l
i

 

m
3
3
$

 
,
t
n
e
r
e
f
f
i
d
n
o
i
l
l
i

 

 

m
1
3
$

 
s
i
 

5
1
0
2

 

d
n
a
 
,

6
1
0
2

 
,

7
1
0
2

 
,

1
3

 

 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D
d
e
d
n
e
 
s
r
a
e
y

 
e
h
t
 
r
o
f
 

y
t
i
u
q
e
 
f
o

 
s
t
n
e
m
e
t
a
t
s
 

d
e
t
a
d
i
l
o
s
n
o
c
 
e
h
t
 

n
i
 

d
e
t
n
e
s
e
r
p

.

y
t
i
u
q
e
 

n
i
 

d
e
d
u
l
c
n
i
 
t
o
n

 
t
s
e
r
e
t
n
i
 

g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
n

 
e
l
b
a
m
e
e
d
e
r
 
e
h
t
 

o
t
 
e
l
b
a
t
u
b
i
r
t
t
a
 
e
m
o
c
n
i
 
t
e
n

 
e
h
t
 

o
t
 
e
u
d

 
s
n
o
i
t
a
r
e
p
o

 
f
o

 
s
t
n
e
m
e
t
a
t
s
 

d
e
t
a
d
i
l
o
s
n
o
c
 
e
h
t
 

n
o

 

d
e
t
n
e
s
e
r
p

 
t
n
u
o
m
a
 
e
h
t
 
n
a
h
t
 
,
y
l
e
v
i
t
c
e
p
s
e
r

 
)
s
s
o
l
(
 
e
m
o
c
n
i
 
t
e
n
 
l
a
t
o
t
 
e
h
T

 
 
)
b
(

 
)
c
(

.
s
g
n
i
d
l
o
H
 
a
t
a
D

 
t
s
r
i

 

F
h
t
i

w

 
r
e
g
r
e
m
 
e
h
t
 

n
o
p
u

 

d
e
t
a
n
i
m

i
l
e
 
s
a
w

 
t
a
h
t
 
s
s
a
l
c
 
a
 
t
u
o
h
t
i

 

w
k
c
o
t
s
 

n
o
m
m
o
c
 

o
t
 
s
e
t
a
l
e
r
 
s
e
r
a
h
s
 
0
0
0
,
1

 
)
a
(

.
s
t
n
e
m
e
t
a
t
s
 
l
a
i
c
n
a
n
i
f
 

d
e
t
a
d
i
l
o
s
n
o
c
 

o
t
 
s
e
t
o
n

 
e
e
S

7
6

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 
Business Description

First Data Corporation (FDC or the Company) is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions for merchants, 
financial institutions, and card issuers. The Company provides merchant transaction processing and acquiring; credit, retail, and 
debit card issuing and processing; prepaid services; and check verification, settlement and guarantee services; as well as solutions 
to help clients grow their businesses including the Company's Clover line of payment solutions and related applications. 

On October 15, 2015, the Company filed its Prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b).    
The Company issued 176,076,869 shares of Class A common stock and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under 
the symbol "FDC". 

On October 13, 2015, First Data Holdings Inc. (FDH), the Company's direct parent company, merged with and into First Data 
Corporation, with First Data Corporation being the surviving entity (HoldCo Merger). All outstanding shares of FDH were converted 
into Class B common stock, which are entitled to ten votes per share. All outstanding common stock of First Data Corporation 
were eliminated upon the merger. The Company accounted for the HoldCo Merger as a transfer of assets between entities under 
common control and reflected the transaction in its financial statements on a prospective basis.

On October 13, 2015, the Company amended its certificate of incorporation which affected a reverse stock split of the Company’s 
authorized, issued and outstanding Class B common stock, on the basis of 1 new share of Class B common stock for each 3.16091
old shares of common stock. 

Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its controlled subsidiaries. All 
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliated companies are 
accounted for under the equity method and are included in “Investment in affiliates” in the accompanying consolidated balance 
sheets. The Company generally utilizes the equity method of accounting when it has an ownership interest of between 20% and 
50% in an entity, provided the Company is able to exercise significant influence over the investee’s operations.

The Company consolidates an entity’s financial statements when the Company has a controlling financial interest in the entity. 
Control is normally established when ownership interests exceed 50% in an entity; however, when the Company does not exercise 
control over a majority-owned entity as a result of other investors having rights over the management and operations of the entity, 
the Company accounts for the entity under the equity method. 

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Presentation

Depreciation and amortization, presented as a separate line item on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations, does 
not include amortization of initial payments for new contracts which is recorded as contra-revenue within “Transaction and 
processing service fees.” Also not included is amortization related to equity method investments which is netted within “Equity 
earnings in affiliates.” 

68

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table presents the amounts associated with such amortization for the periods presented:

 

(in millions)
Amortization of initial payments for new contracts
Amortization related to equity method investments

  

Revenue Recognition

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

56
45

$

65
47

51
60

The majority of the Company’s revenues are comprised of: 1) volume-based fees, which typically constitute a percentage of dollar 
volume processed; 2) fees per transaction processed; 3) fees per account on file during the period; or 4) some combination thereof. 

The Company’s arrangements with clients often consist of multiple services and products (multiple-element arrangements).  In 
accounting for multiple-element arrangements, the Company assesses the elements of the contract and whether each element has 
standalone value and allocates revenue to the various elements based on their estimated selling price as a component of total 
consideration for the arrangement. The selling price is based on current selling prices offered by the Company or another party 
for current products or management's best estimate of a selling price.

Revenue is comprised of fees charged to the client, net of interchange fees and assessments charged by the credit card associations, 
and is recognized at the time the client accepts a point of sale transaction. The fees charged to the client are a percentage of the 
credit card and debit card transaction’s dollar value, a fixed amount, or a combination of the two. Personal identification number 
based debit (PIN-debit) and PINless-debit network fees are recognized in “Reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and other” 
revenues and expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Interchange fees and assessments charged by credit card associations to the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries and network fees 
related to PIN-debit and PINless-debit transactions charged by debit networks were as follows for the periods presented:

 

(in millions)
Interchange fees and assessments
Debit network fees

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

26,069
3,227

$

23,810
3,121

2015

21,711
2,991

The Company charges processing fees to its alliances. In situations where an alliance is accounted for under the equity method, 
the Company’s consolidated revenues include the processing fees charged to the alliance, as presented in the consolidated statements 
of operations within "Transaction and processing service fees". 

Revenue from check verification, settlement, and guarantee services is recognized at the time of sale less the fair value of the 
guarantee. The fair value of the guarantee is deferred and recognized at the later of the Company being called upon to honor the 
guarantee or the expiration of the guarantee. Check verification fees generally are a fixed amount per transaction while check 
guarantee fees generally are a percentage of the check amount.

The purchase and sale of merchant contract portfolios is an ordinary element of the Company’s businesses, and therefore, the gains 
from selling these revenue-generating assets are included within “Product sales and other” in the consolidated statements of 
operations.

Fees based on cardholder accounts on file are recognized as the requisite services or period occurs. Fees for PIN-debit transactions 
where the Company is the debit card processor for the financial institution are recognized on a per transaction basis. Revenues for 
output services are derived primarily on a per piece basis and consist of fees for the production, materials, and postage related to 
mailing finished products and recognized as the services are provided.

The sale and leasing of POS devices (terminals) are reported in “Product sales and other” in the consolidated statements of 
operations. Revenue for terminals sold or sold under a sales-type lease transaction is recognized when the following four criteria 
are  met:  evidence  of  an  agreement  exists,  delivery  has  occurred,  the  selling  price  or  minimum  lease  payments  are  fixed  or 
determinable, and collection of the selling price or minimum lease payments is reasonably assured. Revenue for operating leases 
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

69

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Services not specifically described above are generally transaction based fees that are recognized at the time the transactions are 
processed or programming services that are either recorded as work is performed or are recognized over the life of the contract 
depending on the underlying business relationship. 

Deferred Revenue 

The Company records deferred revenue when it receives payments or invoices in advance of the delivery of products or the 
performance  of  services. The  deferred  revenue  is  recognized  when  underlying  performance  obligations  are  achieved. As  of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, current deferred revenue included within "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" in the Company's 
consolidated balance sheets was $175 million and $149 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, noncurrent 
deferred revenue included within "Other long-term liabilities" in the Company's consolidated balance sheets was $177 million and 
$184 million, respectively. 

In January 2017, the Company determined that standalone value had been achieved for its Clover terminal devices, principally 
because a secondary market had been established. The Company accounted for the change on a prospective basis. Beginning 
January 1, 2017, the Company recognized revenue on sales of Clover terminal devices upon delivery, while Clover terminal devices 
sold prior to January 1, 2017 continued to be deferred over the term of the respective processing agreement. As of December 31, 
2017, $36 million of the Company's deferred revenue represented sales of Clover terminal devices which did not have standalone 
value prior to the change in accounting.   

Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-based compensation to employees is measured at the grant date fair values of the respective stock options and restricted 
stock awards. An estimate of forfeitures is applied when calculating compensation expense. To calculate the estimated forfeiture 
rate, the Company performed an analysis of all forfeitures over a five year period and continues to evaluate the actual forfeit rate 
compared to its estimate. The estimated forfeiture rate will be adjusted as actual forfeiture vary from the estimate, resulting in the 
recognition of compensation cost only for awards that vest.  Any effect of a change in estimated forfeitures will be recognized 
through a cumulative catch-up adjustment. The Company recognizes compensation cost on service based awards with graded 
vesting on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.  The Company recognizes compensation cost 
on performance-based restricted stock grants on a grant basis graded schedule.  Refer to note 4 "Stock Compensation Plans" of 
these consolidated financial statements for details regarding the Company’s stock-based compensation plan. 

Treasury Stock

In connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards or exercise of stock options, shares of Class A and Class B common stock 
are delivered to the Company by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations. The Company accounts for treasury stock 
activities under the cost method whereby the cost of the acquired stock is recorded as treasury stock. Because Class B common 
stock converts automatically to Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for certain transactions 
described in the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation, all shares of treasury stock reside as Class A.

Foreign Currency Translation

The U.S. dollar is the functional currency of the Company’s U.S.-based businesses and certain foreign-based businesses. Significant 
operations with a local currency as their functional currency include operations in the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, Ireland, 
Greece,  Brazil  and Argentina.  Foreign  currency-denominated  assets  and  liabilities  for  these  units  and  other  less  significant 
operations are translated into U.S. dollars based on exchange rates prevailing at the end of the period, and revenues and expenses 
are translated at average exchange rates during each monthly period. The effects of foreign exchange gains and losses arising from 
the translation of assets and liabilities of those entities where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar are included as a 
component of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (OCI). Intercompany loans are generally not considered invested on a long-
term basis and such foreign currency gains and losses are included in "Other income" on the consolidated statements of operations. 
Transaction gains and losses related to operating assets and liabilities are included in “Cost of services” and “Selling, general, and 
administrative”  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  were  immaterial  for  all  periods  presented.  Non-operating 
transaction gains and losses derived from non-operating assets and liabilities are included in  “Other income” on the consolidated 
statements of operations and are separately disclosed in note 16 "Supplemental Financial Information" of these consolidated 
financial statements.

70

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company is exposed to various financial and market risks, including those related to changes in interest rates and foreign 
currency exchange rates, that exist as part of its ongoing business operations. The Company uses derivative instruments (i) to 
mitigate cash flow risks with respect to changes in interest rates (forecasted interest payments on variable rate debt), (ii) to maintain 
a desired ratio of fixed rate and floating rate debt, and (iii) to protect the net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries and/or 
affiliates with respect to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company’s objective is to engage in risk management 
strategies that provide adequate downside protection.

Derivative instruments are entered into for periods consistent with related underlying exposures. The Company applies strict 
policies to manage each of these risks, including prohibition against derivatives trading, derivatives market-making or any other 
speculative activities. 

The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and the underlying hedged items, as well as its 
risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking all derivatives 
that have been designated as cash flow hedges to forecasted transactions and net investment hedges to the underlying investment 
in a foreign subsidiary or affiliate. For designated hedges, the Company formally assesses, both at inception of the hedge and on 
an ongoing basis, whether the hedge is highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows or foreign currency exposure of the 
underlying hedged items. The Company also performs an assessment of the probability of the forecasted transactions on a periodic 
basis. If it is determined that a derivative ceases to be highly effective during the term of the hedge or if the forecasted transaction 
is no longer probable, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively for such derivative.

The Company monitors the financial stability of its derivative counterparties and all counterparties are investment grade. The 
credit risk inherent in these agreements represents the possibility that a loss may occur from the nonperformance of a counterparty 
to the agreements. The Company performs a review at inception of the hedge, as circumstances warrant, and at least on a quarterly 
basis, of the credit risk of these counterparties. The Company also monitors the concentration of its contracts with individual 
counterparties. The Company’s exposures are in liquid currencies (primarily in U.S. dollars, euros, Australian dollars, British 
pounds, and Canadian dollars), so there is minimal risk that appropriate derivatives to maintain the hedging program would not 
be available in the future.

The Company recognizes all derivative financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value. 
Such amounts are recorded in “Other current assets”, “Other long-term assets”, “Accounts payable and accrued liabilities” or 
“Other long-term liabilities” in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company’s policy is to present all derivative balances on a 
gross basis, without regard to counterparty master netting agreements or similar arrangements. Changes in fair value of derivative 
instruments are recognized immediately in "Other income" on the consolidated statements of operations unless the derivative is 
designated and qualifies as a hedge of future cash flows or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation. For derivatives that 
qualify as hedges of future cash flows, the effective portion of changes in fair value is recorded temporarily in equity as a component 
of OCI and then recognized in "Other income" in the consolidated statements of operations in the same period or periods during 
which the hedged item affects earnings. For derivatives that qualify as a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, the gain 
or loss is reported in OCI as part of the cumulative translation adjustment to the extent the hedge is effective. Any ineffective 
portions of cash flow hedges and net investment hedges are recognized in “Other income” in the consolidated statements of 
operations during the period of change. Additional discussion of derivative instruments is provided in note 13 "Derivative Financial 
Instruments" of these consolidated financial statements.

Noncontrolling and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

Noncontrolling interests represent the minority shareholders’ share of the net income or loss and equity in consolidated subsidiaries. 
The  Company’s  noncontrolling  interests  are  presented  pretax  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations  as  “Net  income 
attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interest” because the majority of the Company’s non wholly 
owned consolidated subsidiaries are flow through entities for tax purposes. Noncontrolling interests are presented as a component 
of equity in the consolidated balance sheets and reflect the original investments by these noncontrolling shareholders in the 
consolidated subsidiaries, along with their proportionate share of the earnings or losses of the subsidiaries, net of dividends or 
distributions. Noncontrolling interests that are redeemable at the option of the holder are presented outside of equity and are carried 
at their estimated redemption value. Refer to note 5 "Stockholders' Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest" of these 
consolidated financial statements for more information. A noncontrolling interest is recorded on the date of acquisition based on 
the total fair value of the acquired entity and the noncontrolling interest’s share of that value.

71

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Reserve for Merchant Credit Losses and Check Guarantees

With respect to the merchant acquiring business, the Company’s merchant customers (or those of its unconsolidated alliances) 
have the legal obligation to refund any charges properly reversed by the cardholder. In the event, however, that the Company is 
not able to collect such amounts from the merchants, the Company may be liable for any such reversed charges. The Company’s 
risk in this area primarily relates to situations where the cardholder has purchased goods or services to be delivered in the future.

The Company’s obligation to perform is minimal in relation to the total dollar volume processed. The Company requires cash 
deposits, guarantees, letters of credit or other types of collateral from certain merchants to minimize this obligation. Collateral 
held by the Company is classified within “Settlement assets” and the obligation to repay the collateral if it is not needed is classified 
within “Settlement obligations” on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company also utilizes a number of systems 
and procedures to manage merchant risk. Despite these efforts, the Company historically has experienced some level of losses due 
to merchant defaults. The amount of deposits and letters of credit held by the Company was $632 million and $628 million as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

The Company’s contingent obligation relates to imprecision in its estimates of required collateral. A provision for this obligation 
is recorded based primarily on historical experience of credit losses and other relevant factors such as economic downturns or 
increases in merchant fraud. Merchant credit losses are included in “Cost of services” in the Company’s consolidated statements 
of operations. The amount of the reserves attributable to entities consolidated by the Company was $29 million and $23 million 
as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

The majority of the TeleCheck business involves the guarantee of checks received by merchants. If the check is returned, TeleCheck
is required to purchase the check from the merchant at its face value and pursue collection from the check writer. A provision for 
estimated check returns, net of anticipated recoveries, is recorded at the transaction inception based on recent history. The following 
table presents the estimate of losses on returned check and the fair value of check guarantees:

 

(in millions)
Estimate of losses on returned checks
Fair value of checks guaranteed

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

4
14

5
17

The estimate of losses on returned checks is included in “Accounts payable and accrued liabilities” and the fair value of checks 
guaranteed is included in “Accounts receivable, net” in the consolidated balance sheets. The maximum potential future payments 
under the guarantees were approximately $456 million as of December 31, 2017 which represented an estimate of the total uncleared 
checks at that time.

Income Taxes

The Company and its domestic subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. income tax return. The Company’s foreign operations file 
income tax returns in their local jurisdictions. Income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial 
reporting carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the corresponding income tax amounts. The Company has deferred tax 
assets and liabilities and maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets 
will not be realized. To the extent the Company determines that it will not realize the benefit of some or all of its deferred tax 
assets, these deferred tax assets will be adjusted through the Company’s provision for income taxes in the period in which this 
determination is made.

The Company recognizes the tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only when it is more likely than not, based on the technical 
merits of the position, that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or 
litigation. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured as the largest 
benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Investments (other than those included in settlement assets) with original maturities of three months or less (that are readily 
convertible to cash) are considered to be cash equivalents and are stated at cost, which approximates market value. Cash and cash 
equivalents that were restricted from use due to regulatory requirements are included in “Other long-term assets” in the consolidated 
balance sheets and was $27 million and $30 million as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

72

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Accounts Receivable and Leasing Receivables

Accounts receivable balances are stated net of allowance for doubtful accounts.  The Company records allowances for doubtful 
accounts when it is probable that the accounts receivable balance will not be collected. Long-term accounts receivable balances 
are included in “Other long-term assets” in the consolidated balance sheets.

The Company has receivables associated with its POS terminal leasing businesses. Leasing receivables are included in “Accounts 
receivable” and “Other long-term assets” in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognizes interest income on its leasing 
receivables using the effective interest method. Interest income from leasing receivables is included in “Product sales and other” 
in the consolidated statements of operations. For direct financing leases, the interest rate used incorporates initial direct costs 
included in the net investment in the lease. For sales type leases, initial direct costs are expensed as incurred.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense is computed using the straight-line 
method over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the related assets (generally three years to 10 years for equipment, furniture, 
and leasehold improvements, and 30 years for buildings) or the lease term. Maintenance and repairs which do not extend the useful 
life of the respective assets are expensed as incurred. 

The following table presents depreciation expense related to property and equipment, including equipment under capital lease:

Year ended December 31,
(in millions) 
2017
2016
2015

Goodwill and Other Intangibles

$

 

Amount

321
300
290

Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over tangible and intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed arising from 
business combinations. Goodwill is generally allocated to reporting units based upon relative fair value (taking into consideration 
other factors such as synergies) when an acquired business is integrated into multiple reporting units. The Company’s reporting 
units are at the operating segment level or one level below the operating segment level for which discrete financial information is 
prepared and regularly reviewed by management. When a business within a reporting unit is disposed of, goodwill is allocated to 
the disposed business using the relative fair value method. Relative fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis.

The Company tests goodwill annually for impairment, as well as upon an indicator of impairment, at the reporting unit level. The 
Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016. As of October 1, 2017, the most 
recent impairment analysis date, the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. The Company did not record 
any goodwill impairment charges in 2017, 2016, and 2015.

Customer relationships represent the estimated value of the Company’s relationships with customers, primarily merchants and 
financial institutions, to which it provides services. Customer relationships are amortized based on the pattern of undiscounted 
cash flows for the period as a percentage of total projected undiscounted cash flows. The Company selected this amortization 
method for these customer relationships based on a conclusion that the projected undiscounted cash flows could be reliably 
determined.

The Company capitalizes initial payments for new contracts, contract renewals, and conversion costs associated with customer 
processing  relationships  to  the  extent  recoverable  through  cash  flows  from  future  operations,  contractual  minimums,  and/or 
penalties in the case of early termination. The Company’s accounting policy is to limit the amount of capitalized costs for a given 
contract to the lesser of the estimated ongoing future cash flows from the contract or the termination fees the Company would 
receive in the event of early termination of the contract by the customer. The initial payments for new contracts and contract 
renewals are amortized over the term of the contract as a reduction of the associated revenue (transaction and processing service 
fees). Conversion costs are also amortized over the term of the contract but are recorded as an expense in “Depreciation and 
amortization” in the consolidated statements of operations.

The Company develops software that is used in providing processing services to customers. To a lesser extent, the Company also 
develops software to be sold or licensed to customers. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. 
Capitalization of costs begins when the preliminary project stage is completed and management, with the relevant authority, 

73

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

authorizes and commits to funding the project and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used 
to perform the function intended. Capitalization of costs ceases when the software is substantially complete and ready for its 
intended use. Software development costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, 
which is generally 5 years. Software acquired in connection with business combinations is amortized using the straight-line method 
over the estimated useful life of the software which generally ranges from three years to 10 years.

In  addition  to  capitalized  contract  and  software  development  costs,  other  intangibles  include  copyrights,  patents,  purchased 
software, and trademarks acquired in business combinations. Other intangibles, except for the First Data trade name discussed in 
note 3 “Goodwill and Other Intangibles” of these consolidated financial statements, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the 
length of the contract or benefit period, which generally ranges from three years to 25 years.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

Fair value is defined by accounting guidance as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses the hierarchy prescribed in the 
accounting guidance for fair value measurements, based upon the available inputs to the valuation and the degree to which they 
are observable or not observable in the market. The Company maximizes the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizes the 
use of unobservable inputs. The three levels in the hierarchy are as follows:

•  Level 1 Inputs—Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that are accessible as of 

the measurement date.

•  Level 2 Inputs—Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable either directly or indirectly, including 
but not limited to quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, 
and observable inputs other than quoted prices such as interest rates or yield curves.

•  Level 3 Inputs—Unobservable inputs reflecting the Company’s own assumptions about the assumptions that market 

participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis

During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company did not record any adjustments over $5 million to the carrying 
value of existing assets based on non-recurring fair value measurements, other than as discussed in note 10 "Other Operating 
Expenses."

Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation by the weighted-
average shares outstanding during the period, without consideration for any potential dilutive shares. Diluted net income (loss) 
per share is computed by dividing Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation by the weighted-average number of 
shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that 
would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding 
stock options, unvested restricted stock and unvested restricted stock awards. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities 
is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, an 
increase in the fair market value of the Company’s common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive 
securities. For any period where Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation is presented, shares used in the diluted 
net income per share calculation represent basic shares because using diluted shares would be anti-dilutive.

Reclassifications 

Certain amounts for prior years have been reclassified to conform with the current year financial statement presentation.  During 
2017, the Company revised its financial statements to reflect immaterial adjustments to its accounting for deferred income taxes. 
In the periods prior to 2015, the Company had incorrectly recorded deferred income tax assets on foreign currency translation 
adjustments included in other comprehensive income (loss) which the Company provided a full valuation. The adjustment resulted 
in a decrease of $88 million to the previously reported balances of "Accumulated Loss" and an offsetting increase to "Accumulated 
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)" at December 31, 2014, and a reduction to deferred tax assets and related valuation allowance 
of $124 million at December 31, 2016. Additionally, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 reflects a $102 
million reclassification related to settlement activities to conform certain domestic and international businesses to the Company's 
global policies, which increased "Cash and cash equivalents" and decreased "Accounts receivable". The consolidated statements 

74

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2016 reflects the reclassification of $102 million within “Net cash provided by 
operating activities”. 

New Accounting Guidance
 
Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance that requires companies to recognize revenue 
to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the Company expects to 
be entitled in an exchange for those goods or services. It also requires enhanced disclosures about revenue, provides guidance for 
transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively, and improves guidance for multiple-element arrangements. The 
FASB has subsequently issued several amendments to the standard, including clarification on accounting for licenses, identifying 
performance obligations, and principal versus agent consideration (reporting revenue gross vs. net).

Since the issuance of ASC 606 and ASC 340-40 (collectively, the New Revenue Standard) in May 2014, the Company has been 
preparing for the adoption of the New Revenue Standard. The Company has been monitoring the activity of the FASB and the 
Transition  Resource  Group  as  it  relates  to  specific  industry  interpretive  guidance  and  further  overall  interpretations  and 
clarifications.  The Company has completed two phases of its three-phase plan to-adopt and implement of the New Revenue 
Standard.  Phase III has begun and includes activities such as running parallel reporting for impacted areas under the New and 
Current Revenue Standard (ASC 605), recording the accounting adjustments that were identified in Phase II, and revising the 
Company’s financial statement disclosures.  This final phase will be completed during Q1 2018.  

The Company adopted the New Revenue Standard using a modified retrospective basis on January 1, 2018. The Company expects 
the adoption to result in a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings of less than $100 million to apply the New Revenue Standard. 
This impact was principally driven by certain software arrangements being recognized sooner; changes related to costs to obtain 
customers, including the related amortization period; and the release of deferred revenue associated with Clover terminals that 
had previously lacked standalone value. Under the modified retrospective basis, the Company will not restate the prior consolidated 
financial statements presented for these effects. 

The Company currently expects the most significant ongoing impact of adopting the New Revenue Standard in 2018 to be driven 
by changes in principal versus agent considerations, with the majority of the change overall in total revenues attributable to FDC 
reflecting our PIN-debit and PINless debit transactions on a net basis prospectively, as opposed to our gross presentation of $3.2 
billion in 2017.  The Company does not expect the adoption of the New Revenue Standard to have a material impact on net income.  
The Company will include additional disclosures of the amount by which each financial statement line item is affected during 
2018, as compared to the guidance that was in effect before the change, and an explanation of the reasons for significant changes.

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance which requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets. The guidance also 
modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases for lessors and provides new 
presentation and disclosure requirements for both lessees and lessors. The standard is effective for financial statements issued for 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in any 
interim or annual period subsequent to adoption of the preceding revenue recognition guidance. The Company is currently evaluating 
the impact of adoption of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.

Stock-based Compensation

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that will change some aspects of the accounting for stock-based payments to employees. 
Under the new guidance, companies will be required to record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense 
or benefit in the income statement and to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows. The 
guidance may also change how companies account for forfeitures and an employee’s use of shares to satisfy the employer’s statutory 
income tax withholding obligation. The Company adopted the various amendments in its consolidated financial statements for the 
quarterly period ending March 31, 2017 with an effective date on January 1, 2017. The Company has elected to continue to estimate 
forfeitures expected to occur to determine the amount of compensation cost to be recognized in each period. The adoption of these 
amendments did not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements as the Company still had income tax valuation 
allowances within the U.S. The Company released its U.S. valuation allowances in the fourth quarter of 2017 and as a result the 
Company could experience volatility in its income tax expense. 

In May 2017, the FASB issued guidance that will clarify when changes to terms or conditions of a stock-based payment award 
must be accounted for as a modification. Under the new guidance, companies will only apply modification accounting guidance 

75

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

if the value, vesting conditions or classification of an award changes. This new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning 
after December 15, 2017 for all entities, including interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted. The 
guidance is adopted prospectively to awards modified on or after the adoption date. The Company will adopt the new guidance 
on January 1, 2018. The impact of adoption on the Company's consolidated financial statements is dependent on future changes 
to share-based compensation awards.

Credit Losses

In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance that will change the accounting for credit impairment. Under the new guidance, companies 
are required to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, 
current conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the 
measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and applies to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. 
This new guidance will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim 
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company 
is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements.

Statement of Cash Flows

In November 2016, the FASB issued guidance that will change the presentation of restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 
on the statement of cash flows. Under the new guidance, companies will be required to include restricted cash and restricted cash 
equivalents with the cash and cash equivalents line item when reconciling beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts 
shown on the statement of cash flows. Given this change, transfers between cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash 
equivalents will not be reported as cash flow activities on the statement of cash flows. In addition, the guidance requires entities 
to  disclose  information  about  the  nature  of  restrictions  on  its  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  including  restricted  cash  and  cash 
equivalents. This new guidance will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including 
interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The guidance 
should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company adopted the new guidance on 
January 1, 2018. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial 
statements.

Goodwill

In January 2017, the FASB issued guidance simplifying the test for goodwill impairment. This standard eliminates Step 2 from 
the goodwill impairment test, instead requiring an entity to recognize a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which the 
goodwill carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. This guidance is effective for interim and annual goodwill 
impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. This guidance must be applied 
on a prospective basis. The Company adopted the new guidance during the fourth quarter of 2017 with no impact to its consolidated 
financial statements.

Pension Costs

In March 2017, the FASB issued guidance that requires employers that sponsor defined benefit plans for pensions and/or other 
post-retirement benefits to present the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost in the same income statement line item 
as other employee compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period. Only the service cost component will be 
eligible for capitalization in assets. Employers will present the other components of the net periodic benefit cost separately from 
the line item that includes the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income, if one is presented. These components 
will not be eligible for capitalization in assets. This new guidance will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning 
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted, including adoption in 
an interim period. The Company plans to adopt the guidance on January 1, 2018. Upon adoption, the guidance requires changes 
to the presentation of the income statement to be applied retrospectively. Had the Company adopted on January 1, 2017, the impact 
on our financial statements at December 31, 2017 would have increased operating expense and decreased non-operating expense 
by less than $10 million.

Derivatives and Hedging

In August 2017, the FASB issued guidance to simplify the current application of hedge accounting. This standard is intended to 
better align a company’s risk management strategies and financial reporting for hedging relationships through changes to both 
designation and measurement for qualifying hedging relationships and more accurately presenting the economic effects in the 
financial statements. In addition, the new guidance establishes flexibility in the requirements to qualify and maintain hedge 

76

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

accounting. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and for interim periods therein, with 
early adoption permitted. The Company will adopt the new guidance on January 1, 2018. The Company does not expect the 
adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2: Borrowings

As of December 31,
2017
2016

$

 

205

$

272

600
(3)
1,074

78
119
197
1,271

3,892
3,758
1,404

 

84

—

160
(2)
242

—
116
116
358

 

 

—
—
—

—

4,379

(in millions)
Short-term borrowings:
Foreign lines of credit and other arrangements
Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility June 2, 2020 at LIBOR plus 3.50% or a base rate plus
2.50%
Receivable securitized loan at LIBOR plus 1.5% or a base rate equal to the highest of (i) the
applicable lender's prime rate, or (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%
Unamortized deferred financing costs(a)

Total short-term borrowings

Current portion of long-term borrowings:
Senior secured term loan facility due June 2020 at LIBOR plus 1.75% or a base rate plus 0.75%
Other arrangements and capital lease obligations
Total current portion of long-term borrowings

Total short-term and current portion of long-term borrowings

Long-term borrowings:
Senior secured term loan facility due April 2024 at LIBOR plus 2.25% or a base rate plus 1.25%
Senior secured term loan facility due July 2022 at LIBOR plus 2.25% or a base rate plus 1.25%
Senior secured term loan facility due June 2020 at LIBOR plus 1.75% or a base rate plus 0.75%
Senior secured term loan facility due March 2021 at LIBOR and euro LIBOR plus 3.0% or, solely
with respect to U.S. dollar-denominated term loans, a base rate plus 2.0%
Senior secured term loan facility due July 2022 at LIBOR plus 3.0% or a base rate plus 2.0%, or
solely with respect to euro-denominated term loans, euro LIBOR plus 3.25%
6.75% Senior secured first lien notes due 2020
5.375% Senior secured first lien notes due 2023
5.0% Senior secured first lien notes due 2024
5.75% Senior secured second lien notes due 2024
7.0% Senior unsecured notes due 2023
Unamortized discount and unamortized deferred financing costs (a)
Other arrangements and capital lease obligations

3,583
1,398
1,210
1,900
2,200
3,400
(154)
215
18,131
$ 18,489
(a)  Unamortized deferred financing costs and certain lenders' fees associated with debt transactions were capitalized as discounts are amortized on a straight-

—
—
1,210
1,900
2,200
3,400
(123)
286
17,927
$ 19,198

Total long-term borrowings (b)

Total borrowings (c)

line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the remaining term of the respective debt.

(b)  As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of the Company's long-term borrowings was $18.2 billion and $18.8 billion, respectively. The estimated 

fair value of the Company's long-term borrowings was primarily based on market trading prices and is considered to be a Level 2 measurement.

(c)  The effective interest rate is not substantially different than the coupon rate on any of the Company's debt tranches.

77

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Foreign Lines of Credit and Other Arrangements

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had $546 million and $489 million, respectively, available under short-term 
lines  of  credit  and  other  arrangements  with  foreign  banks  and  alliance  partners  primarily  to  fund  settlement  activity. As  of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, this includes a $355 million committed line of credit for one of the Company's consolidated alliances. 
The remainder of these arrangements are primarily associated with international operations and are in various functional currencies, 
the most significant of which are the Australian dollar, the Polish zloty, and the euro. Of the amounts outstanding as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, $15 million and $10 million, respectively, were uncommitted. The weighted-average interest rate associated with 
foreign lines of credit was 2.9% and 2.6% for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility

The Company has a $1.25 billion senior secured revolving credit facility maturing on June 2, 2020. Up to $250 million of the 
senior secured revolving credit facility is available for letters of credit, of which $29 million and $41 million of letters of credit 
were issued under the facilities as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, $949 million remained 
available.  Interest on the senior secured revolving credit facility is payable at a rate equal to, at Company’s option, either (a) 
LIBOR for deposits in the applicable currency plus 3.50% or (b) solely with respect to revolving loans denominated in U.S. dollars, 
a base rate plus 2.50%. The weighted-average interest rate on these facilities was 5.74% and 4.60% for the years ended December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. The commitment fee rate for the unused portion of the facility is 0.50% per year, though it may be 
reduced by the Company’s leverage ratio.

Receivable Securitization Agreement

The Company has a consolidated wholly-owned subsidiary, First Data Receivables, LLC (FDR).  FDR and FDC entered into an 
agreement where certain wholly owned subsidiaries of FDC agreed to transfer and contribute receivables to FDR. FDR’s assets 
are not available to satisfy obligations of any other entities or affiliates of FDC. FDR's creditors will be entitled, upon its liquidation, 
to  be  satisfied  out  of  FDR’s  assets  prior  to  any  assets  or  value  in  FDR  becoming  available  to  FDR’s  equity  holders. As  of 
December 31, 2017, the Company transferred $748 million in receivables to FDR as part of the securitization program and FDR 
utilized the receivables as collateral in borrowings of $600 million. As of December 31, 2017, the receivables held by FDR are 
recorded within “Accounts receivable, net” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The weighted-average interest rate on 
the securitization facility was 2.8% for the year ended December 31, 2017.

Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility

On December 14, 2017 the Company executed a $33 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility maturing December 20, 
2019, available for letters of credit. The interest rate associated with the credit facility was 1.85% for the year ended December 
31, 2017.

Senior Secured Term Loan Facility

The original terms of the Company’s senior secured term loan facilities required the Company to pay equal quarterly installments 
in aggregate annual amounts equal to 1% of the original principal amount. However, in conjunction with debt modifications and 
amendments over the last several years, proceeds from the issuance of the notes were used to prepay portions of the principal 
balances of the Company’s senior secured term loans which satisfied the future quarterly principal payments. Therefore, the 
Company made no scheduled principal payments during 2017 or 2016, for the senior secured term loan facility other than $70 
million related to June 2020 senior secured term loan facility.  The senior secured term loan facilities also require mandatory 
prepayments based on a percentage of excess cash flow generated by the Company if the Company does not satisfy the leverage 
ratio. All obligations under the senior secured loan facilities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by most of the domestic, 
wholly owned material subsidiaries of the Company, subject to certain exceptions.

Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Due June 2020

On January 23, 2017, the Company incurred an aggregate principal amount of $1.3 billion in new U.S. dollar denominated term 
loans maturing on June 2, 2020.  The interest rate applicable to the new term loans is either LIBOR plus 1.75% or a base rate plus  
0.75%.  The Company is required to make quarterly principal payments of 1.25% on the new term loans.  The new term loans 
were utilized to pay down a portion of the existing 6.75% senior secured first lien notes.  In connection with this transaction, the 
Company expensed $56 million in loss on debt extinguishment.  In November 2017, the Company incurred additional debt of 

78

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

$250 million against this facility to partially fund the purchase of BluePay.  The Company made principal payments of $70 million
in 2017.

Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Due April 2024

On November 15, 2017, the Company refinanced approximately $3.9 billion of U.S. dollar-denominated senior secured term loans 
maturing on April 2024. The interest rate applicable to the new loan is either LIBOR plus 2.25% or a base rate plus 1.25%. The 
proceeds were utilized to pay down the existing March 2021 term loan facility. In connection with this transaction, the Company 
expensed $9 million in loss on debt extinguishment.

Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Due July 2022

On June 14, 2017, the Company refinanced approximately $2.7 billion of U.S. dollar-denominated senior secured term loans 
maturing on July 2022 and paid off approximately $1.0 billion of euro-denominated senior secured term loans maturing on March 
2021 and July 2022.  The U.S. dollar-denominated July 2022 term loan facility was upsized by $1.0 billion, to pay off the euro-
denominated term loans.  Post transaction, the U.S. dollar-denominated July 2022 term loan facility approximates $3.8 billion of 
U.S. dollar-denominated term loans maturing July 2022 at an interest rate of LIBOR plus 2.25% or a base rate plus 1.25%.  In 
connection with this transaction, the Company expensed $9 million in loss on debt extinguishment and $4 million in debt issuance 
costs. 

5.375% Senior Secured First Lien Notes

On August 11, 2015, the Company issued approximately $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior secured first 
lien notes due August 15, 2023. Interest on the notes will be payable semi-annually in cash each year, commencing on February 
15, 2016. The Company may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, prior to August 15, 2018 at a price equal to 100% of the notes 
redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date and a "make-whole premium". Thereafter, the Company may 
redeem the notes, in whole or in part, at established redemption prices.

5.0% Senior Secured First Lien Notes

On March 29, 2016, the Company issued additional $900 million aggregate principal amount  to the existing $1.0 billion principal 
amount issued November 25, 2015 of 5.0% senior secured first lien notes due 2024. The Company may redeem the notes, in whole 
or in part, prior to January 15, 2019 at a price equal to 100% of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption 
date and a "make-whole premium". Thereafter, the Company may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, at established redemption 
prices.

5.75% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes 

On November 25, 2015, the Company issued $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior secured second lien notes 
due January 15, 2024. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in cash on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The Company 
may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, prior to January 15, 2019 at a price equal to 100% of the notes redeemed plus accrued 
and unpaid interest to the redemption date and a "make-whole premium". Thereafter, the Company may redeem the notes, in whole 
or in part, at established redemption prices.

7.0% Senior Unsecured Notes Due 2023

On November 18, 2015, the Company issued $3.4 billion aggregate principal amount of  7.0% senior unsecured notes due December 
1, 2023. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in cash on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The Company may redeem 
the notes, in whole or in part, prior to December 1, 2018 at a price equal to 100% of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid 
interest to the redemption date and a "make-whole premium". Thereafter, the Company may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, 
at established redemption prices.

79

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Maturities

The following table presents the future aggregate annual maturities of the Company’s capital leases and long-term debt 
excluding unamortized discounts and deferred financing cost:

Year ended December 31,
 (in millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total

Guarantees and Covenants

Par Amount
197
$
228
1,404
37
3,759
12,622
18,247

$

All  obligations  under  the  senior  secured  revolving  credit  facility  and  senior  secured  term  loan  facilities  are  unconditionally 
guaranteed by most of the existing and future, direct and indirect, wholly owned, material domestic subsidiaries of the Company. 
The senior secured facilities contain a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict the Company’s ability to incur 
additional indebtedness; create liens; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; engage in mergers or consolidations; sell or transfer 
assets; pay dividends and distributions or repurchase the Company’s capital stock; make investments, loans or advances; prepay 
certain indebtedness; make certain acquisitions; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; amend material agreements governing 
certain indebtedness; and change its lines of business. The senior secured facilities also require the Company to not exceed a 
maximum senior secured leverage ratio and contain certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default, including a 
change of control. The senior secured term loan facilities also require mandatory prepayments based on a percentage of excess 
cash flow generated by the Company. The Company is in compliance with all applicable covenants.

All senior secured notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by each of the Company’s existing and future direct and indirect 
wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantees the Company’s senior secured credit facilities. Each of the guarantees of the 
notes is a general senior obligation of each guarantor and rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future subordinated 
indebtedness of the guarantor subsidiary, including the Company’s existing senior subordinated notes. The notes rank equal in 
right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the guarantor subsidiary but are effectively senior to the 
guarantees of the Company’s existing senior unsecured notes and the Company’s existing senior secured second lien notes to the 
extent of the Company’s and the guarantor subsidiary’s value of the collateral securing the notes. The 5.375% senior secured first 
lien notes and 5.0% senior secured first lien notes are effectively equal in right of payment with each other and the guarantees of 
the Company’s senior secured credit facilities. Each series of notes are effectively subordinated to any obligations secured by liens 
permitted under the indenture for the particular series of notes and structurally subordinated to any existing and future indebtedness 
and other liabilities of any subsidiary of a guarantor that is not also a guarantor of the notes.

All senior unsecured notes (i) rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company’s existing and future subordinated indebtedness, 
(ii) rank equally in right of payment to all of the existing and future senior indebtedness, (iii) are effectively subordinated in right 
of payment to all existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt, and (iv) are structurally 
subordinated to all obligations of each subsidiary that is not a guarantor of the senior notes.

All obligations under the senior secured first lien notes, senior secured second lien notes, and senior unsecured notes also contain 
a number of covenants similar to those described for the senior secured obligations noted above. The Company is in compliance 
with all applicable covenants. 

80

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Note 3: Goodwill and Other Intangibles 

The following table presents changes to goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2017:

(in millions)
Balance as of January 1, 2016
Goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses

 

Acquisitions
Dispositions
Other adjustments (primarily foreign currency)
Balance as of December 31, 2016
Goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses

 

Acquisitions
Dispositions
Other adjustments (primarily foreign currency)
Balance as of December 31, 2017
Goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses

 

Global
Business
Solutions

Global
Financial
 Solutions

Network &
Security
Solutions

Totals

$

$

 

15,567
(1,363)
14,204
5
(25)
(42)

 

15,505
(1,363)
14,142
875
—
104

 

16,484
(1,363)
15,121

$

$

 

2,054
(683)
1,371
—
—
(88)

 

1,966
(683)
1,283
—
(17)
100

 

2,049
(683)
1,366

$

$

 

 

$

2,284
(1,013)
1,271
—
—
—

19,905
(3,059)
16,846
5
(25)
(130)

 

 

2,284
(1,013)
1,271
—
(48)
—

19,755
(3,059)
16,696
875
(65)
204

 

 

2,236
(1,013)
1,223

$

20,769
(3,059)
17,710

The intangible amortization expense associated with customer relationships and other intangibles, including amortization associated 
with investments in affiliates, was as follows for the periods indicated:

Year ended December 31,
(in millions) 
2017
2016
2015

$

 

Amount

752
761
843

The carrying value of the First Data trade name is $604 million for both the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Upon 
consideration of many factors, including the determination that there are no legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that limit 
the useful life of the First Data trade name, the Company determined that the First Data trade name had an indefinite useful life. 
The Company also considered the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors, and its ability to maintain 
and protect the trade name without significant expenditures. The First Data trade name is expected to contribute directly or indirectly 
to the future cash flows of the Company for an indefinite period. As an indefinite lived asset, the First Data trade name is not 
amortized but is reviewed annually for impairment until such time as it is determined to have a finite life. The First Data trade 
name was not impaired as of December 31, 2017 or 2016.

81

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table provides the components of other intangibles:

 

 

As of December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions) 
Customer relationships

Other intangibles:
Conversion costs
Contract costs
Software
Other, including trade names

Total other intangibles

$

$

$

Net of

Accumulated
Amortization
$

(5,940) $

Accumulated
Amortization
2,184

Cost

8,124

Cost

$

7,399

Net of

Accumulated
Amortization
$

(5,660) $

Accumulated
Amortization
1,739

 

 

 

 

 

 

302
324
2,552
1,422
4,600

$

$

(142) $
(179)
(1,920)
(424)

(2,665) $

160
145
632
998
1,935

$

$

248
306
2,236
1,375
4,165

$

$

(109) $
(149)
(1,726)
(381)

(2,365) $

139
157
510
994
1,800

The estimated future aggregate amortization expense for the next five years is as follows:

Year ended December 31,
(in millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
(a) Actual amortization expense will be higher due to future activity that generates new intangible balances.

$

 

Amount (a)
705
615
530
399
310

The Company tests contract and conversion costs for recoverability on an annual basis by comparing the remaining expected 
undiscounted cash flows under the contract to the net book value. Any assets that are determined to be unrecoverable are written 
down to their fair value. In addition to this annual test, these assets and all other long lived assets are tested for impairment upon 
an indicator of potential impairment. 

Note 4: Stock Compensation Plans 

The Company provides stock-based compensation awards to its employees under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (stock plan). 
The total number of shares of Class A common stock that may be issued under the stock plan is 71 million, plus any shares of 
Class B common stock subject to outstanding awards granted under the Company's 2007 Equity Plan that are forfeited, terminated, 
canceled, expired unexercised, withheld in payment of the exercise price, or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations which 
automatically converted on a one-for-one basis into shares of Class A common stock.  The stock plan allows for the Company to 
award an equity interest in the Company or an award that can be settled in cash measured by reference to the value of the Company's 
Class A common stock. 

Total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the "Cost of services" and “Selling, general, and administrative” line items 
of the consolidated statements of operations resulting from stock options, non-vested restricted stock awards, and non-vested 
restricted stock units was as follows for the periods presented:

Year ended December 31,
 (in millions) 
2017 (c)
2016 (a) (c)
2015 (b) (c)
(a)  Approximately $52 million of stock-based compensation expense was recognized in conjunction with the IPO. 
(b)    Approximately $254 million was recognized in conjunction with the IPO and $14 million of stock-based compensation expense was recognized as a result 

Cost of services
72
112
130

administrative
173
151
199

245
263
329

Total

and

$

$

$

of the departure of certain executive officers. 

(c)    Directly associated with our initial public offering, the Company incurred $254 million and $52 million in stock-based compensation expense during 2015 
and 2016 respectively. During 2016, the Company incurred an increase of $136 million in ongoing stock-based compensation expense as employee awards 

Selling, general,

82

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

were expensed over the requisite service period.  During 2017, the stock-based compensation expense consists of ongoing employee award programs that 
will be expensed over the requisite service period.

On September 28, 2015, the Company authorized the grant of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and options to certain 
executives in connection with the consummation of its initial public offering and these awards were valued at approximately $120 
million, resulting in incremental unrecognized compensation expense. Two-thirds of these grants are subject to time-based vesting 
conditions over five years and one-third are subject to a market-based vesting condition. Subject to the recipient’s continued service 
with the Company through the applicable vesting event, shares subject to market-based stock options and market-based restricted 
stock will fully vest on the date immediately following the date on which the closing trading price of a share of Class A common 
stock on the NYSE or other such primary exchange on which shares of Class A common stock are listed and traded has equaled 
or exceeded two times the per share price to the public in the offering for ten consecutive trading days. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The Company has an employee stock purchase plan under which the sale of 6.3 million shares of the Company's common stock 
is authorized. The price for shares purchased under the plan is 95% of the market value on the last day of each calendar quarter.  
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the amount of shares issued under the plan were not material.

Stock Options

During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, time-based options were granted under the stock plan. The time-
based options have a contractual term of 10 years. Time-based options vest equally over a three to five year period from the date 
of issuance.

As of December 31, 2017, there was approximately $46 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock 
options to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately two years.

The fair value of stock options granted for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were estimated at the date of grant 
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:

 

 

Risk-free interest rate
Dividend yield
Expected volatility
Expected term (in years)
Fair value of options

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

2.28%

—

38.97%
7

2.08%

—

41.33%
7

$

7.52

$

5.33

$

1.87%

—

55.15%
7

8.68

 
Risk-free interest rate—The risk-free rate for stock options granted during the period was determined by using a zero-coupon U.S. 
Treasury rate for the periods that coincided with the expected terms listed above.

Expected dividend yield—No routine dividends are currently being paid, or are expected to be paid in future periods.

Expected volatility—As the Company does not have sufficient historical data due to its relatively short history of being publicly 
traded, the expected volatility is based on the historical volatilities of a group of guideline companies. 

Expected term—The Company estimated the expected term by utilizing the “simplified method” as allowed by the SEC.

Fair value of stock—The Company determined the fair value based on discounted cash flows and comparison to a group of guideline 
companies prior to being publicly traded on October 15, 2015 and the Company's closing stock price thereafter. 

83

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

A summary of stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was as follows:

(options in millions)
Outstanding as of December 31, 2015
Granted
Exercised
Canceled / Forfeited
Outstanding as of December 31, 2016
Granted
Exercised
Canceled / Forfeited
Outstanding as of December 31, 2017
Options exercisable as of December 31, 2017

Options

41
2
(2)
(2)
39
—
(5)
—
34
24

Weighted-
Average

 Exercise Price
$
11.94
12.62
9.86
15.39
12.00
—
9.94
—
12.27
11.48

$
$

$

Weighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual

 Term

Aggregate

Intrinsic Value
(in millions)

6 years $

98

6 years $
5 years $

150
124

 
The total intrinsic value related to stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 was $32 million, 
$6 million, and $4 million, respectively.

Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units

The grant date fair value of each award is based on the closing stock price at the date of grant. Grants were made as incentive 
awards, which generally vest 20% on the first anniversary, 40% on the second anniversary, and the remaining 40% on the third 
anniversary. As of December 31, 2017, there was approximately $344 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related 
to restricted stock that will be recognized over the respective service period of approximately two years. During 2017, 2016, and 
2015,  the  Company  did  not  pay  any  significant  cash  amounts  to  repurchase  stock  awards  from  employees  that  terminated 
employment with the Company.

A summary of restricted stock award and restricted stock unit activity for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 is as 
follows:

(awards/units in millions)
Non-vested as of December 31, 2015
Granted
Vested
Canceled / Forfeited
Non-vested December 31, 2016
Granted
Vested
Canceled / Forfeited
Non-vested as of December 31, 2017 (a)
(a) 

Includes 7 million of shares subject to market conditions.

Awards/Units

32
18
(10)
(6)
34
23
(15)
(4)
38

Weighted-Average

 Grant-Date Fair Value
$
14.30
12.49
13.91
13.74
13.59
16.94
13.86
14.11
15.47

$

$

The total fair value of shares vested (measured as of the date of vesting) during the twelve months ended December 31, 2017, 
2016, and 2015 was $204 million, $137 million, and $11 million, respectively.

84

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Note 5: Stockholders' Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest

Dividends

The Company’s senior secured revolving credit facility, senior secured term loan facility, and the indentures governing the senior 
secured notes, senior unsecured notes, and senior subordinated notes limit the Company's ability to pay dividends. The restrictions 
are subject to numerous qualifications and exceptions, including an exception that allows the Company to pay a dividend to 
repurchase, under certain circumstances, the equity of the Company's former parent, FDH, held by employees, officers and directors 
that were obtained in connection with the stock compensation plan. Prior to the Company filing its prospectus with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission and the merger with FDH, the Company paid cash dividends to FDH totaling $4 million during 2015. 
The Company has not paid any cash dividends since the IPO.  

Other Comprehensive Income 
 
The income tax effects allocated to and the cumulative balance of each component of OCI are as follows:

(in millions)
As of December 31, 2017
Foreign currency translation adjustment (a)
Pension liability adjustments
Derivative instruments
Marketable securities

As of December 31, 2016
Foreign currency translation adjustment (a)
Pension liability adjustments (b)
Derivative instruments
Marketable securities

 

As of December 31, 2015
Foreign currency translation adjustment (a)
Pension liability adjustments
Marketable securities

 

Beginning
 Balance

Pretax
 Gain
 (Loss)
 Amount

Tax

 (Benefit)
 Expense

Net-of-
 Tax

 Amount

Ending
 Balance

$

$

$

$

$

$

(1,317) $

(98)
3
(2)

(1,414) $

165
93
9
—
267

$

$

 

 

(1,169) $

(149) $

(136)
—
(2)

34
3
—

(1,307) $

(112) $

 

 

(889) $
(123)
(5)

(1,017) $

(261) $
(19)
3

(277) $

(24) $
21
—
—
(3) $

 

(1) $
(4)
—
—
(5) $

 

19
(6)
—
13

$

$

189
72
9
—
270

$

$

(1,128)
(26)
12
(2)
(1,144)

 

 

(148) $

38
3
—

(107) $

(1,317)
(98)
3
(2)
(1,414)

 

 

(280) $
(13)
3

(290) $

(1,169)
(136)
(2)
(1,307)

(a)  Net-of-tax Foreign currency translation adjustment for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 is different than the amount presented on the 
consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) by $12 million, $(5) million, and $(10) million, respectively, due to the foreign currency translation 
adjustment related to noncontrolling interests not included above.

(b)  2016 pretax benefit includes an approximate $10 million reclassification out of OCI to "Other operating expenses" in the consolidated statements of operations  

related to the lump sum cash payout of certain U.S. based pension liabilities.

  

85

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest

The following table presents a summary of the redeemable noncontrolling interest activity:

(in millions)
Balance as of January 1, 2015
Distributions
Share of income
Adjustment to redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest
Balance as of December 31, 2015
Distributions
Share of income
Adjustment to redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest
Balance as of December 31, 2016
Distributions
Share of income
Adjustment to redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest
Balance as of December 31, 2017

Redeemable
Noncontrolling

Interest

70
(35)
34
8
77
(33)
33
(4)
73
(31)
31
(1)
72

$

$

Note 6: Net Income (Loss) Per Share
Upon the HoldCo Merger, all outstanding shares of FDH's Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, and Series A Voting 
Participating Convertible Preferred Stock (Series A Preferred Stock) automatically converted to identical shares of the Company's 
Class B Common Stock. Other than voting rights, this common stock has the same rights as the Class A Common Stock and 
therefore both are treated as the same class of stock for purposes of the net income (loss) per share calculation. 

Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) attributable to FDC by the weighted-average shares 
outstanding during the period, without consideration for any potential dilutive shares. Diluted net income (loss) per share has been 
computed to give effect to the impact, if any, of shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of the Company’s common stock 
equivalents, which consist of outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive 
securities is reflected in net income (loss) per share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, 
an increase in the fair market value of the Company’s common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive 
securities.

86

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table sets forth the computation of the Company's basic and diluted net loss per share:

 

(in millions, except per share amounts)
Numerator:
Net income (loss) used in computing net income (loss) per share, basic
and diluted

Denominator:
Shares used in computing net income (loss) per share, basic (a)
Effect of dilutive securities
Total dilutive securities

Basic net income (loss) per share
Diluted net income (loss) per share (b)

$

$

Anti-dilutive shares excluded from diluted net income (loss) per share

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

1,465

$

420

$

(1,481)

916
24
940

1.60
1.56

12

$

902
19
921

0.47
0.46

21

$

192
—
192

(7.70)
(7.70)

27

(a)  2015 weighted-average shares calculated using 1,000 shares outstanding prior to the HoldCo Merger and the filing of the Company's prospectus in October 

2015 and the Class A and Class B common stock outstanding after these transactions.

(b)  Potentially dilutive securities whose effect would have been antidilutive are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share.

Note 7: Segment Information
 
Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is 
evaluated regularly by a company’s chief operating decision maker (CODM), or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate 
resources and in assessing performance. The Company's CODM is its Chief Executive Officer. The Company is organized into 
three segments: Global Business Solutions, Global Financial Solutions, and Network & Security Solutions.

The business segment measurements provided to and evaluated by the CODM are computed in accordance with the principles 
listed below:

•  The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting 

policies.

• 

• 

• 

• 

Intersegment revenues are eliminated in the segment that sells directly to the end market.

Segment revenue excludes reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and other revenue.

Segment  EBITDA  excludes  Depreciation  and  amortization  expense,  Other  operating  expenses,  and  Other  income 
(expense). Additionally, segment EBITDA is adjusted for items similar to certain of those used in calculating the Company's 
compliance with debt covenants. The additional items that are adjusted to determine segment EBITDA are:

stock-based compensation and related expense is excluded; and

• 
•  Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (KKR) related items including annual sponsor and other fees for management, 
consulting, financial, contract termination, and other advisory services are excluded. Upon the Company's public 
offering on October 15, 2015, the Company is no longer required to pay management fees to KKR.

For significant affiliates, segment revenue and segment EBITDA are reflected based on the Company's proportionate 
share of the results of the Company's investments in businesses accounted for under the equity method and consolidated 
subsidiaries  with  noncontrolling  ownership  interests.  For  other  affiliates,  the  Company  includes  equity  earnings  in 
affiliates, excluding amortization expense, in segment revenue and segment EBITDA. In addition, the Company's Global 
Business Solutions segment measures reflect revenue-based commission payments to Independent Sales Organizations 
(ISOs) and sales channels, which are treated as an expense in the consolidated statements of operations, as contra revenue.

•  Corporate operations include corporate-wide governance functions such as the Company's executive management team, 
tax,  treasury,  internal  audit,  corporate  strategy,  and  certain  accounting,  human  resources  and  legal  costs  related  to 

87

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

supporting the corporate function. Costs incurred by Corporate that are attributable to a segment are allocated to the 
respective segment.

The following tables present the Company’s operating segment results for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015:

 

(in millions) 
Revenues:
Transaction and processing service fees
Product sales and other
Equity earnings in affiliates
Total segment revenues
Depreciation and amortization
Segment EBITDA

 

(in millions) 
Revenues:
Transaction and processing service fees
Product sales and other
Equity earnings in affiliates
Total segment revenues
Depreciation and amortization
Segment EBITDA

 

 

(in millions)
Revenues:
Transaction and processing service fees
Product sales and other
Equity earnings in affiliates
Total segment revenues
Depreciation and amortization
Segment EBITDA

Year ended December 31, 2017

Global
Business
Solutions

Global
Financial
 Solutions

Network &
Security
Solutions

Corporate

Totals

 

 

 

 

$

$
$

3,299
933
30
4,262
457
1,824

$

$
$

1,418
205
—
1,623
352
686

$

$
$

1,348
195
—
1,543
126
729

— $
—
—
— $
12
$
(167)

6,065
1,333
30
7,428
947
3,072

Year ended December 31, 2016

Global
Business
Solutions

Global
Financial
 Solutions

Network &
Security
Solutions

Corporate

Totals

 

 

 

 

$

$
$

3,201
826
36
4,063
435
1,725

$

$
$

1,372
221
—
1,593
357
646

$

$
$

1,309
176
—
1,485
115
666

— $
—
—
— $
14
$
(145)

5,882
1,223
36
7,141
921
2,892

Year ended December 31, 2015

Global
Business
Solutions

Global
Financial
 Solutions

Network &
Security
Solutions

Corporate

Totals

 

 

 

 

$

$
$

3,209
845
35
4,089
490
1,681

$

$
$

1,323
172
—
1,495
393
550

$

$
$

1,322
142
—
1,464
91
639

— $
—
—
— $
25
$
(140)

5,854
1,159
35
7,048
999
2,730

 

 

 

$

$
$

$

$
$

$

$
$

88

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table presents a reconciliation of reportable segment amounts to the Company’s consolidated balances for the years 
ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015:

 

(in millions)
Total segment revenues
Adjustments:

Non wholly-owned entities (a)
ISOs commission expense (b)
Reimbursable debit network fees, postage, and other

Consolidated revenues

Total segment EBITDA
Adjustments:

Non wholly-owned entities (a)
Depreciation and amortization
Interest expense, net
Loss on debt extinguishment
Other items (c)
Income tax benefit (expense)
Stock-based compensation

Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

7,428

$

7,141

$

7,048

64
637
3,923
12,052

3,072

30
(972)
(937)
(80)
(132)
729
(245)
1,465

$

$

$

80
618
3,745
11,584

2,892

30
(949)
(1,068)
(70)
(71)
(81)
(263)
420

$

$

$

74
642
3,687
11,451

2,730

 

26
(1,022)
(1,537)
(1,068)
(180)
(101)
(329)
(1,481)

$

$

$

$

(a)  Net adjustment to reflect the Company's proportionate share of the results of the Company's investments in businesses accounted for under the equity method 
and consolidated subsidiaries with noncontrolling ownership interests. Segment revenue for the Company's significant affiliates is reflected based on the 
Company's proportionate share of the results of the Company's investments in businesses accounted for under the equity method and consolidated subsidiaries 
with noncontrolling ownership interests. For other affiliates, the Company includes equity earnings in affiliates, excluding amortization expense, in segment 
revenue.

(b)  Reported within "Selling, general, and administrative expense" in the consolidated statements of operations.
(c) 

Includes restructuring, certain retention bonuses, non-normal course litigation and regulatory settlements, asset impairments, debt issuance expenses, KKR 
related items and “Other income" as presented in the consolidated statements of operations, which includes divestitures, derivative gains (losses), non-
operating foreign currency gains (losses), and the gain on Visa Europe share sale. KKR related items represent KKR annual sponsorship fees for management, 
consulting, financial and other advisory services. Upon completing the IPO in October 2015, the Company is no longer obligated to pay KKR annual 
sponsorship fees. 

Total segment assets, capital expenditures, and investment in unconsolidated affiliates are not disclosed, as the Company's CODM 
does not utilize such information when allocating resources to the segment or when assessing the segments' performance.  

The following tables presents a reconciliation of reportable segment depreciation and amortization amounts to the Company’s 
consolidated balances in the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015:

 

(in millions)
Segment depreciation and amortization
Adjustments for non-wholly owned entities
Amortization of initial payments for new contracts (a)
Total consolidated depreciation and amortization per consolidated
statements of cash flows
Amortization of equity method investment (b)
Amortization of initial payments for new contracts (a)
Total consolidated depreciation and amortization per consolidated
statements of operations

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

947
70
56

1,073
(45)
(56)

$

921
75
65

1,061
(47)
(65)

972

$

949

$

999
83
51

1,133
(60)
(51)

1,022

$

$

(a) 
(b) 

Included in "Transaction and processing service fees" as contra-revenue in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.
Included in "Equity earnings in affiliates" in the Company's consolidated statements of operations.

89

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following tables presents revenues and long-lived assets by principal geographic area for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016, and 2015:

(in millions)
Revenues:
2017
2016
2015
Long-Lived Assets:
2017
2016
2015

Note 8: Income Taxes

United
 States

International

Total

$

$

$

$

 

 

10,201
9,890
9,795

20,324
18,846
19,400

$

$

 

 

1,851
1,694
1,656

2,456
2,272
2,316

 

 

12,052
11,584
11,451

22,780
21,118
21,716

The components of pretax income and provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, consisted 
of the following:

 

(in millions)
Components of pretax income (loss):
Domestic
Foreign

 

Provision for income taxes:
Federal
State and local
Foreign
Income tax (benefit) expense

Effective income tax rate

 

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

$

484
451
935

(795)
(32)
98
(729)

$

$

$

$

492
249
741

20
20
41
81

$

$

$

$

(1,332)
165
(1,167)

7
14
80
101

(78)%

11%

(9)%

90

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The Company’s effective tax rates differ from statutory rates as follows:

 

 

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Federal statutory rate
35 %
State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit
3
Nontaxable income from noncontrolling interests
6
Impact of foreign operations (a)
(1)
Valuation allowances
(54)
Liability for unrecognized tax benefits
(2)
Prior year adjustments (b)
4
Enacted tax rate changes
—
Other tax reform bill impact for foreign related items
—
Equity Compensation
—
Impact of divestiture
—
Other
—
Effective tax rate
(9)%
(a)  The impact of foreign operations includes the effects of earnings and profits adjustments, foreign losses, and differences between foreign tax expense and 

35 %
2
(7)
(1)
(147)
2
(10)
27
17
—
2
2

35%
2
(11)
13
(35)
—
3
(1)
—
5
—
—
11%

(78)%

foreign taxes eligible for the U.S. foreign tax credit.
Includes prior year true ups for certain foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards as a result of tax rate and restructuring changes.

(b) 

The Company’s income tax (benefits) provisions consisted of the following components:

 

(in millions)
Current:
Federal
State and local
Foreign

 

Deferred:
Federal
State and local
Foreign

 

Income tax (benefit) expense

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

8
23
93
124

(803)
(55)
5
(853)
(729) $

22
24
73
119

(2)
(4)
(32)
(38)
81

$

$

5
23
80
108

2
(9)
—
(7)
101

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the book 
and tax bases of the Company’s assets and liabilities. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is 
more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Deferred tax assets are included in "Other long-term assets" and deferred 
tax liabilities are included in "Deferred tax liabilities" on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. 

91

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table outlines the principal components of deferred tax items:

 

(in millions)
Deferred tax assets related to:
Reserves and other accrued expenses
Employee related liabilities
Deferred revenues
Net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards
U.S. foreign tax credits on undistributed earnings
Total deferred tax assets
Valuation allowance
Realizable deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities related to:
Property, equipment, and intangibles
Reserves and other accrued expenses
Pension obligations
Investment in affiliates and other
Tax on foreign undistributed earnings
Foreign exchange gain
Total deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax asset (liabilities)

As of December 31,

2017

2016

66
121
30
2,281
39
2,537
(1,214)
1,323

(772)
—
(67)
(209)
(12)
(35)
(1,095)
228

$

$

—
176
34
3,122
252
3,584
(2,396)
1,188

(969)
(49)
(4)
(217)
(252)
(91)
(1,582)
(394)

$

$

The Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheets were as follows:

 

(in millions)
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax asset (liabilities)

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

305
(77)
228

$

$

15
(409)
(394)

 

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had recorded valuation allowances of $1.2 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively, 
against its net deferred tax assets. The decrease to the valuation allowance of $(1.2) billion in 2017 was primarily due to utilization 
of federal and state net operating losses and the release of the US federal and certain state valuation allowances due to improved 
performance.

92

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table presents the amounts of federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards, general business credit, 
and minimum tax credit carryforwards:

 

(in millions)
Federal net operating loss carryforwards (a)
State net operating loss carryforwards (b)
Foreign net operating loss carryforwards (c)
General business credit carryforwards (d)
Minimum tax credit carryforwards (e)

As of December 31,

2017

$

4,567
6,069
3,403
12
30

(a)  Will expire if not utilized, for the years 2018, 2019, 2020 of $0.1 million, $0.8 million, $0.1 million, respectively, and the remaining through 2037. 
(b)  Will expire if not utilized, for the years 2018, 2019, 2020 of $90 million, $245 million, $192 million, respectively, and the remaining through 2037. 
(c)  Foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $74 million, if not utilized, will expire in years 2017 through 2035. The remaining foreign net operating loss 

carryforwards of $3.3 billion have an indefinite life.
If not utilized, these carryforwards will expire in years 2027 through 2037.

(d) 
(e)  These carryforwards are refundable credits and will be utilized from 2018 through 2021.

The Company intends to indefinitely invest its net equity in its foreign operations, with the exception of any undistributed foreign 
earnings in those jurisdictions with positive earnings. Under the U.S. tax reform law changes enacted during 2017, all existing 
positive earnings were deemed to be distributed, and future foreign earnings will not be taxed in the U.S.  Accordingly, as of 
December 31, 2017, no provision had been made for U.S. federal and state income taxes on the cumulative amount of temporary 
differences related to investments in foreign subsidiaries. However, these earnings are subject to local country withholding tax 
upon distribution. Upon sale or liquidation of these investments, the Company would potentially be subject to U.S., state, and 
foreign income taxes and withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries.  The amount of unrecognized deferred tax 
liability related to investments in foreign subsidiaries is approximately $165 million as of December 31, 2017.

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (tax reform bill) was signed into law in the U.S.  The provisions of the tax 
reform bill with the most significant implications to the Company were the reduction of the federal tax rate from 35% to 21%, the 
creation of a 100% participation exemption for foreign dividends, the enactment of a one-time transition tax on existing foreign 
earnings, limitations on the deductibility of interest expense, and the establishment of global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) 
rules. The first three provisions impacted the year-ended December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2017, the Company has not 
completed its accounting for the tax effects of enactment of the Act; however, in certain cases, the Company has made a reasonable 
estimate of the effects on its existing deferred tax balances, valuation allowance assessment for certain tax assets and the one-time 
transition tax. The Company recognized a provisional net tax expense of $353 million related to the tax reform bill, which is 
included as a component of income tax expense from continuing operations. 

The Company remeasured certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the federal rate at which they are expected to reverse 
in the future, which is generally 21%. The Company also remeasured the state rate at which certain deferred tax assets and liabilities 
are expected to reverse in the future. Because the Company’s deferred tax assets exceed its deferred tax liabilities in the U.S., the 
reduction of the tax rate from 35% to 21% provided by the tax reform bill resulted in a negative impact to the tax rate of $194 
million. The Company is still analyzing certain aspects of the Act and refining its calculations, which could potentially affect the 
measurement of these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts. 

The one-time transition tax coupled with the 100% participation exemption had an immaterial impact on the tax rate.  Because 
the Company has historically repatriated its foreign earnings, the Company’s cumulative foreign deficits exceed its cumulative 
foreign profits, causing the one-time taxable inclusion under the transition tax rules to be zero.  As a result of the future participation 
exemption, the Company determined that it will not have enough future foreign sourced income to utilize any foreign tax credit 
carryforwards, and has therefore determined that it will amend its 2010-2016 tax returns to elect to claim foreign tax deductions, 
rather than foreign tax credits. The deferred tax impact of changing the election from a credit to a deduction was $159 million. 
This change was assumed when determining the appropriate valuation allowance on the Company’s foreign tax credit carryforwards 
in prior years, and as a result, the decision to amend the returns had an immaterial net tax rate impact.  The Company is still 
evaluating the overall impact of the one-time transition tax on the outside basis differences and cumulative temporary differences 
inherent in these subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017.

The tax reform bill subjects a U.S. shareholder to current tax on GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries.  The FASB Staff 
Q&A, Topic 740 No. 5, Accounting for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income, states that an entity can make an accounting policy 
election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or provide for 

93

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred.  The Company has elected to recognize the tax on GILTI as a period 
expense in the period the tax is incurred.

A reconciliation of the unrecognized tax benefits was as follows:

(in millions)
Balance as of January 1, 2015
Increases for tax positions of prior years
Decreases for tax positions of prior years
Increases for tax positions related to the current period
Decreases for cash settlements with taxing authorities
Decreases due to the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations
Balance as of December 31, 2015
Increases for tax positions of prior years
Decreases for tax positions of prior years
Increases for tax positions related to the current period
Decreases for cash settlements with taxing authorities
Decreases due to the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations
Balance as of December 31, 2016
Increases for tax positions of prior years
Decreases for tax positions of prior years
Decreases for tax positions related to the current period
Decreases for cash settlements with taxing authorities
Decreases due to the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations
Decreases due to change in tax rates
Balance as of December 31, 2017

Unrecognized Tax 

Benefits

$

$

236
25
(4)
1
(3)
(6)
249
2
(1)
—
(1)
(9)
240
14
(10)
(3)
(1)
(7)
(13)
220

 
Most of the unrecognized tax benefits are included in “Other long-term liabilities” on the consolidated balance sheets, net of the 
federal benefit on state income taxes (approximately $12 million as of December 31, 2017). However, those unrecognized tax 
benefits that affect the federal consolidated tax years ending December 31, 2008 through December 31, 2017 are included in 
“Deferred tax liabilities” on the consolidated balance sheets, as these items reduce the Company’s net operating loss and credit 
carryforwards from those periods. The unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 included approximately 
$130 million, $133 million, and $136 million, respectively, of tax positions that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in “Income tax (benefit) expense” in the 
consolidated statements of operations. Cumulative accrued interest and penalties (net of related tax benefits) are not included in 
the ending balances of unrecognized tax benefits. Cumulative accrued interest and penalties are included in “Other long-term 
liabilities” on the consolidated balance sheets while the related tax benefits are included in “Deferred tax liabilities” on the 
consolidated balance sheets. The following table presents the approximate amounts associated with accrued interest expense and 
the cumulative accrued interest and penalties:

 

 (in millions)
Current year accrued interest expense (net of related tax benefits)
Cumulative accrued interest and penalties (net of related tax benefits)

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

6
60

$

5
48

7
45

As of December 31, 2017, the Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that its liability for unrecognized tax benefits may 
decrease by approximately $134 million within the next 12 months as a result of the possible closure of federal tax audits, potential 
settlements  with  certain  states  and  foreign  countries,  and  the  lapse  of  the  statute  of  limitations  in  various  state  and  foreign 
jurisdictions.

94

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The Company or one or more of its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign 
jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2017, the Company was no longer subject to income tax examination by the U.S. federal 
jurisdiction for years before 2005. State and local examinations are substantially complete through 2006. Foreign jurisdictions 
generally remain subject to examination by their respective authorities from 2007 forward, none of which are considered major 
jurisdictions.

In September 2017, the Internal Revenue Service issued a directive pertaining to the research and development (R&D) tax credit. 
The Company incurred approximately $150 million of R&D expenses during 2017.

Under the Tax Allocation Agreement executed at the time of the spin-off of The Western Union Company (Western Union) on 
September 29, 2006, Western Union is responsible for and must indemnify the Company against all taxes, interest, and penalties 
that relate to Western Union for periods prior to the spin-off date. If Western Union were to agree to or be finally determined to 
owe any amounts for such periods but were to default in its indemnification obligation under the Tax Allocation Agreement, the 
Company, as parent of the tax filing group during such periods, generally would be required to pay the amounts to the relevant 
tax authority, resulting in a potentially material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position and results of operations. As 
of December 31, 2017, the Company had approximately $129 million of income taxes payable, including approximately $4 million
of uncertain income tax liabilities, recorded related to Western Union for periods prior to the spin-off date. The Company has 
recorded a corresponding account receivable of equal amount from Western Union, which is included as a long-term account 
receivable in “Other long-term assets” on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets, reflecting the indemnification obligation. 
The uncertain income tax liabilities and corresponding receivable are based on information provided by Western Union regarding 
its tax contingency reserves for periods prior to the spin-off date. There is no assurance that a Western Union-related issue raised 
by the IRS or other tax authority will be finally resolved at a cost not in excess of the amount reserved and reflected in the Company’s 
uncertain income tax liabilities and corresponding receivable from Western Union. The Western Union contingent liability is in 
addition to the Company’s liability for unrecognized tax benefits discussed above.

The IRS completed its examination of the U.S. federal consolidated income tax returns of the Company for 2005 through 2007 
and issued a 30-Day letter in October 2012. The 30-Day letter claims that the Company and its subsidiaries, which included Western 
Union during some of the years at issue, owe additional taxes with respect to a variety of adjustments. The Company and Western 
Union agree with several of the adjustments in the 30-Day letter, such adjustments representing tax due of approximately $40 
million. This undisputed tax and associated interest due (pretax) of approximately $26 million through December 31, 2017, were 
fully reserved. The undisputed tax for which Western Union would be required to indemnify the Company is greater than the total 
tax due, such that settlement of the undisputed tax would result in a net refund to the Company. As to the adjustments that are 
disputed, such issues represent total taxes allegedly due of approximately $59 million, of which $40 million relates to the Company 
and $19 million relates to Western Union. The Company estimates that total interest due (pretax) on the disputed amounts is 
approximately $29 million through December 31, 2017, of which $17 million relates to the Company and $11 million relates to 
Western Union. As to the disputed issues, the Company and Western Union are contesting the asserted deficiencies with the Appeals 
Office of the IRS.  In December, 2017, the Company was notified by the Appeals Office that the case had been forwarded to the 
Joint Committee on Taxation for review. The Company believes that it has adequately reserved for the disputed issues in its liability 
for unrecognized tax benefits described above and that final resolution of those issues will not have a material adverse effect on 
its financial position or results of operations.

Note 9: Related Party Transactions

Merchant Alliances

A substantial portion of the Company’s business within the Global Business Solutions segment is conducted through merchant 
alliances. Merchant alliances are alliances between the Company and financial institutions. If the Company has majority ownership 
and management control over an alliance, then the alliance’s financial statements are consolidated with those of the Company and 
the related processing fees are treated as an intercompany transaction and eliminated upon consolidation. If the Company does 
not have a controlling ownership interest in an alliance, it uses the equity method of accounting to account for its investment in 
the alliance. As a result, the Company’s consolidated revenues include processing fees charged to alliances accounted for under 
the equity method. No directors or officers of the Company have ownership interests in any of the alliances. The formation of each 
of these alliances generally involves the Company and the bank contributing contractual merchant relationships to the alliance 
and a cash payment from one owner to the other to achieve the desired ownership percentage for each. The Company and the bank 
enter into a long-term processing service agreement as part of the negotiation process. This agreement governs the Company’s 
provision of transaction processing services to the alliance. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had $35 million
and $27 million, respectively, of amounts due from unconsolidated merchant alliances included within "Accounts receivable, net" 
in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had $6 million and $7 million, 

95

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

respectively, of amounts due to unconsolidated merchant alliances included within "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" in 
the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 

Management Agreement

In connection with the 2007 acquisition of the Company by affiliates of KKR, the Company entered into a management agreement 
with KKR and one of its affiliates (Management Agreement) pursuant to which KKR provided advisory services to the Company 
and received fees and reimbursements of related out-of-pocket expenses. The Management Agreement was terminated upon the 
consummation  of  the  Company's  initial  public  offering  in  October  2015  and  FDC  is  no  longer  required  to  pay 
management fees to KKR. In the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company, inclusive of the termination fee paid in October 
2015, paid $98 million of management fees to KKR. 

Relationship with KKR Capital Markets

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR, acted as an arranger 
and bookrunner for various financing transactions under the existing credit agreements, and as an initial purchaser of certain 
existing notes issued by the Company, and received underwriter and transaction fees totaling $1.5 million, $17 million, and $25 
million, respectively. 

For the year ended December 31, 2015 KKR Capital Markets LLC also acted as a placement agent in the Company's initial public 
offering for placement of the Company's Class A common stock and in the private placement of shares of Holdings' Class B 
common stock. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company paid $19 million related to such services. 

Note 10: Other Operating Expenses
 
The following table details the components of “Other operating expenses” in the consolidated statements of operations:

 
(in millions)
Restructuring, net
Deal and deal integration costs
Asset impairment
Other
Other operating expenses

Restructuring

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

83
27
13
20
143

$

$

49
—
—
12
61

$

$

53
—
—
—
53

During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, the Company recorded restructuring charges in connection with 
ongoing expense management initiatives and the vast majority of costs incurred are severance related. The Company continues to 
evaluate operating efficiencies and could incur further restructuring costs beyond these initiatives. 

A summary of net pretax benefits (charges), incurred by segment, for each period is as follows:

(in millions)
Global Business Solutions
Global Financial Solutions
Network & Security Solutions
Corporate

Restructuring, net

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

(36) $
(17)
(8)
(22)
(83) $

(9) $
(10)
(3)
(27)
(49) $

(20)
(11)
(3)
(19)
(53)

96

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table summarizes the Company’s utilization of restructuring accruals for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 
2017:

(in millions) 
Remaining accrual as of January 1, 2016
Restructuring, net
Loss on sale of property and equipment, net
Cash payments and other
Remaining accrual as of December 31, 2016
Restructuring, net
Cash payments and other
Remaining accrual as of December 31, 2017

Deal and Deal Integration Costs

Employee
Severance

Other

$

$

29
33
—
(53)
9
83
(71)
21

$

$

1
16
(13)
(4)
—
—
—
—

During 2017, the Company completed three acquisitions, the two largest were CardConnect and BluePay. In connection with these 
acquisitions, the Company incurred $27 million in deal and deal integration costs for the year ended December 31, 2017. Deal 
and deal integration costs include asset impairment of $9 million, banker fees and other costs to close the transaction of $7 million, 
and other integration costs. Refer to note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" of these consolidated financial statements for details 
regarding the Company's acquisitions.

Asset Impairment

For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company incurred $6 million loss on a prepaid asset related to an early contract 
terminated and a loss of $7 million related to write down of abandoned technology and property.

Other

For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company incurred $10 million loss on two customer related matters and $10 million
related to earnout expense associated with a previous acquisition.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company incurred a $10 million loss related to the settlement of certain U.S.-based 
pension fund obligations.

Note 11: Settlement Assets and Obligations 

Settlement assets and obligations result from the Company’s processing services and associated settlement activities, including 
settlement  of  payment  transactions.  Settlement  assets  are  generated  principally  from  merchant  services  transactions.  Certain 
merchant settlement assets that relate to settlement obligations accrued by the Company are held by partner banks to which the 
Company does not have legal ownership but has the right to use to satisfy the related settlement obligation. The Company records 
corresponding  settlement  obligations  for  amounts  payable  to  merchants  and  for  payment  instruments  not  yet  presented  for 
settlement.

97

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The principal components of the Company’s settlement assets and obligations were as follows:

 

(in millions) 
Settlement assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
Due from card associations, bank partners, and merchants

Total settlement assets

Settlement obligations:
Payment instruments outstanding
Card settlements due to merchants

Total settlement obligations

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

 

1,738
18,625
20,363

11
20,352
20,363

$

$

$

$

 

 

1,620
13,175
14,795

12
14,783
14,795

The changes in settlement assets and obligations are presented on a net basis within operating activities in the consolidated statements 
of cash flows. However, because the changes in the settlement assets balance exactly offset changes in settlement obligations, the 
activity nets to zero. 

Note 12: Acquisitions and Dispositions

Acculynk Acquisition 

On May 1, 2017, the Company acquired 100% of Accullink Inc. (Acculynk), a leading technology company that delivers eCommerce 
solutions for debit card acceptance. The acquisition included Acculynk's PaySecure debit routing technology and its range of other 
services. The purchase price was approximately $85 million and Acculynk is reported as part of the Company's Global Business 
Solutions segment.

CardConnect Acquisition

On July 6, 2017, the Company acquired 100% of CardConnect Corp. (CardConnect) for $763 million in cash, net of cash acquired. 
CardConnect is an innovative provider of payment processing and technology solutions and was one of the Company's largest 
distribution partners. The transaction is expected to enable the Company to bring innovative partner management tools to improve 
merchant  retention,  accelerate  the  Company's  firm-wide  independent  software  vendor  (ISV)  initiative  and  bring  immediate 
capabilities in enterprise resource planning (ERP) integrated payment solutions to its customers. CardConnect operations are 
reported as part of the Company's Global Business Solutions segment.

The acquisition was accounted for as business combination and this accounting is substantially complete. In addition to the purchase 
price, the Company issued $44 million in the form of stock based compensation to certain key employees of CardConnect, which 
is subject to service vesting conditions including continued employment with the Company. The value assigned to the common 
stock is being recorded as post-acquisition compensation expense and has been excluded from the total purchase price. 

The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date. The excess 
of the purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets' fair value was recorded as goodwill within the 
Company’s Global Business Solutions segment. The goodwill recognized was attributable to increased synergies that are expected 
to be achieved from the integration of CardConnect as well as potential revenue enhancements to the Company.

The Company accounted for the business combination as follows:

(in millions)
Other current assets
Property and equipment
Intangible assets
Goodwill
Current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities

$

58
7
463
432
(58)
(139)

98

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table sets forth the components of the intangible assets associated with the acquisition as of the acquisition date:

(in millions)
Agent relationships
Merchant relationships
Software systems
Residual buyouts
Trade name

Acquisition-Date Fair

Value

Useful Life (Years)

$

$

296
84
39
23
21
463

18
7
5
4
9

In connection with the closing of the acquisition, the Company incurred $6 million of transactions costs, which has been included 
as deal and deal integration costs within "Other operating expenses" in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended 
December 31, 2017.

The revenue and earnings of CardConnect have been included in the Company’s results since the acquisition date and are not 
material to the Company’s consolidated financial results. Supplemental pro forma results of operations of the combined entities 
have not been presented as the financial impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements would be immaterial.

BluePay Acquisition

On December 1, 2017, the Company acquired 100% of BluePay Holdings, Inc. (BluePay) for $759 million in cash, net of cash 
acquired. BluePay is a provider of technology-enabled payment processing for merchants in the U.S. and Canada and was one of 
the Company's largest distribution partners with a strong focus on software-enabled payments and card-not-present transactions.  
The transaction is expected to be highly complementary to the Company's earlier acquisition of CardConnect and enhance the 
Company's suite of innovative partner management tools to improve merchant retention, accelerate the Company's firm-wide ISV 
initiative and bring immediate capabilities in ERP integrated payment solutions to its customers. BluePay operations are reported 
as part of the Company's Global Business Solutions segment.

The acquisition was accounted for as business combination and this accounting is substantially complete. In addition to the purchase 
price, the Company issued $26 million in the form of stock based compensation to certain key employees of BluePay, which is 
subject to service vesting conditions including continued employment with the Company. The value assigned to the common stock 
will be recorded as post-acquisition compensation expense and has been excluded from the total purchase price.

The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date. The excess 
of the purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets' fair value was recorded as goodwill within the 
Company’s Global Business Solutions segment. The goodwill recognized was attributable to increased synergies that are expected 
to be achieved from the integration of BluePay as well as potential revenue enhancements to the Company.

The Company accounted for the business combination as follows:

(in millions)
Other current assets
Property and equipment
Intangible assets
Goodwill
Current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities

$

27
3
450
389
(25)
(85)

99

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

The following table sets forth the components of the intangible assets associated with the acquisition as of the acquisition date:

(in millions)
Agent relationships
Merchant relationships
Software systems
Trade name

Acquisition-Date Fair

Value

Useful Life (Years)

$

$

195
216
27
12
450

18
10
5
5

In connection with the closing of the acquisition, the Company incurred $1 million of transactions costs, which has been included 
as deal and deal integration costs within "Other operating expenses" in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended 
December 31, 2017.

The revenue and earnings of BluePay have been included in the Company’s results since the acquisition date and are not material 
to the Company’s consolidated financial results. Supplemental pro forma results of operations of the combined entities have not 
been presented as the financial impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements would be immaterial.

Baltics Divestiture

On September 27, 2017, the Company divested all of its businesses in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia for €73 million (approximately 
$85 million), subject to closing adjustments. The businesses were reported within the GFS segment.

Online Banking

On October 2, 2017, the Company formed a digital banking joint venture, named Apiture, which combines FDC and Live Oak 
Bancshares, Inc. digital banking platforms, products, and services, delivering innovative technology solutions tailored for financial 
institutions. The joint venture will be accounted for as an equity method investment, as Apiture is owned and managed equally 
between the Company and Live Oak Bancshares, Inc. As a result, the contributed digital banking business will no longer be 
consolidated into the Company’s results. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, the Company’s digital banking 
business had revenue and operating income of $57 million and $11 million, respectively. Associated with the transaction, the 
Company recognized a $18 million gain on the formation of the joint venture, included within "Other income" in the consolidated 
statement of operations. The gain recognized represents the excess investment value over assets contributed.

2016 Dispositions

On September 30, 2016, the Company completed the sale of its Australian ATM business, which was reported as part of the 
Company's Global Business Solutions segment. Associated with the transaction, the Company recognized a $34 million loss on 
the sale, included within "Other income" in the consolidated statement of operations. The loss is comprised of investments of $72 
million reduced by cash proceeds of $38 million. The cash proceeds are reflected within "Proceeds from dispositions" within the 
consolidated statement of cash flows. 

2015 Acquisitions

On June 9, 2015, the Company acquired Transaction Wireless, Inc. (TWI) a provider of digital stored value products that offers 
gift card programs, loyalty incentives, and integrated marketing solutions for retailers, partners, and consumers. The purchase 
price was approximately $62 million in cash. The acquisition is reported in the Company's Network & Security Solutions segment. 

In addition to TWI, the Company also completed an acquisition of a webstore builder as well as an acquisition of a wholesale 
independent sales organization, both of which are reported in the Company's Global Business Solutions segment.

Note 13: Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company enters into the following types of derivatives:

• 

Floating to fixed interest rate collar contracts: The Company uses interest rate collar contracts to mitigate its exposure to 
interest rate fluctuations on interest payments related to variable rate debt. No payments or receipts are exchanged on interest 

100

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

rate collar contracts unless interest rates rise or fall to exceed a predetermined ceiling or floor rate. The Company uses these 
contracts in a qualifying hedging relationship.

• 

Foreign  exchange  contracts:  The  Company  uses  cross-currency  swaps  to  protect  the  net  investment  in  certain  foreign 
subsidiaries and/or affiliates with respect to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company uses these contracts 
in both qualifying and non-qualifying hedging relationships.

The Company held the following derivative instruments as of the dates indicated:

 
 

(in millions)
Derivatives designated as hedges
of net investments in foreign
operations:

Foreign exchange contracts (c)
Foreign exchange contracts (b)
Foreign exchange contracts (c)
Foreign exchange contracts (c)

Derivatives designated as cash
flow hedges:

As of December 31,

2017

2016

Notional
Currency

Notional
Value

Assets

(a)

Liabilities

(a)

Notional
Currency

Notional
Value

Assets

(a)

Liabilities

(a)

 

 

AUD
EUR
GBP
CAD

$

100
915
150
95

 

28
—
—
—
28

 

 

$ — AUD
EUR
GBP
CAD

76
6
2
84

 

$

211
—
300
130

 

57
—
78
9
144

 

$ —
—
—
—
—

Interest rate collar contracts (d)

—
$ —
(a)  The Company's derivatives are subject to master netting agreements to the extent that the swaps are with the same counterparty. The terms of those agreements 

— USD
84

3
147

4,300

3,000

12
40

USD

$

$

$

require that the Company net settle the outstanding positions at the option of the counterparty upon certain events of default. 

(b)  The Company entered into new foreign exchange contracts with a notional value of EUR 915 million on June 14, 2017.
(c)  Three cross-currency swaps matured in April 2017 (notional values of AUD 111 million, GBP 150 million and CAD 35 million). The Company received 

$90 million related to these swaps.

(d)    The Company entered into new interest rate collar contracts with a notional value of $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion expiring in January 2019 and September 

2018, respectively. The Company's remaining $1.5 billion interest rate collar contract expires in September 2019.

The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its currency exposure of net investments in foreign operations, 
through utilization of foreign exchange contracts, is through June 2020.

The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted 
transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments is through September 2019.

As of December 31, 2017, the Company has not posted any collateral related to any of its derivative financial instruments.

Fair Value Measurement

The carrying amounts for the Company's derivative financial instruments are the estimated fair value of the financial instruments. 
The Company’s derivatives are not exchange listed and therefore the fair value is estimated under an income approach using 
Bloomberg analytics models that are based on readily observable market inputs. These models reflect the contractual terms of the 
derivatives, such as notional value and expiration date, as well as market-based observables including interest and foreign currency 
exchange  rates,  yield  curves,  and  the  credit  quality  of  the  counterparties.  The  models  also  incorporate  the  Company’s 
creditworthiness in order to appropriately reflect non-performance risk. Inputs to the derivative pricing models are generally 
observable and do not contain a high level of subjectivity and, accordingly, the Company’s derivatives were classified within Level 
2 of the fair value hierarchy. While the Company believes its estimates result in a reasonable reflection of the fair value of these 
instruments, the estimated values may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized 
in the future. 

101

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Financial Statements

Derivative gains and (losses) were as follows for the periods indicated:

 

 

(in millions, pretax)
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
(Loss) gain recognized in "Foreign currency
translation adjustment" in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income
(loss) (effective portion)
Gain recognized in "Derivative instruments" in 
the consolidated statements of comprehensive 
income (loss) (effective portion) (a)
Derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments:
(Loss) gain recognized in "Other income" in the
consolidated statements of operations

(a) 

Interest rate collar contracts.

Accumulated Derivative Gains and Losses

2017

Year ended December 31,

2016

2015

Interest
 Rate

 Contracts

Foreign
 Exchange
 Contracts

Interest
 Rate

 Contracts

Foreign
 Exchange
 Contracts

Interest
 Rate

 Contracts

Foreign
 Exchange
 Contracts

 

 

 

$

— $

(98) $

— $

9

—

3

 

 

 

 

 

58

—

 

$

— $

—

 

 

 

79

—

$

— $

— $

(5) $

— $

(19) $

2

The following table summarizes activity in other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015
related to derivative instruments classified as cash flow hedges and net investment hedges held by the Company:

 

(in millions, after tax)
Accumulated gain included in other comprehensive income (loss) at beginning of the period

(Decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting, net of tax
(a) (b)
Accumulated gain included in other comprehensive income at end of the period

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

177

(56)
121

$

$

116

61
177

$

$

67

49
116

(a)  Gains are included in "Derivative instruments" and “Foreign currency translation adjustment” on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income 

(b)  Net of $33 million and $0 million tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Net of $30 million of the tax expense for the 

(loss).

year ended December 31, 2015. 

Note 14: Commitments and Contingencies

Operating Leases

The Company leases certain of its facilities and equipment under operating lease agreements, substantially all of which contain 
renewal options and escalation provisions. The Company incurred total rent expense of $80 million, $79 million, and $78 million for 
the  years  ended  December 31,  2017,  2016,  and  2015,  respectively.  Future  minimum  aggregate  rental  commitments  as  of 
December 31, 2017 under all noncancelable operating leases, net of sublease income are due in the following years:

102

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Year ended December 31,
 (in millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total

Amount

63
59
45
39
35
105
346

$

$

Sublease income is earned from leased space and leased equipment, which the Company concurrently subleases to third parties 
with comparable time periods. For the years ended  December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 sublease amounts totaled less than $5 
million in the Company's obligations. In addition, the Company has certain guarantees embedded in leases and other agreements 
wherein the Company is required to relieve the counterparty in the event of changes in the tax code or rates. The Company believes 
the fair value of such guarantees is insignificant due to the likelihood and extent of the potential changes.

Letters of Credit

The Company has $29 million in outstanding letters of credit as of  December 31, 2017, all of which were issued under the 
Company’s senior secured revolving credit facility and expire prior to December 15, 2018 with a 1 year renewal option. The letters 
of credit are held in connection with lease arrangements, bankcard association agreements, and other security agreements. The 
Company expects to renew most of the letters of credit prior to expiration.

Legal

The Company is involved in various legal proceedings. Accruals have been made with respect to these matters, where appropriate, 
which are reflected in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The Company may enter into discussions regarding 
settlement of these matters, and may enter into settlement agreements, if it believes settlement is in the best interest of the Company. 
The matters discussed below, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, individually or in the aggregate, may result in 
liability material to the Company’s financial condition and/or results of operations.

There are asserted claims against the Company where an unfavorable outcome is considered to be reasonably possible. These 
claims can generally be categorized in the following areas: (1) patent infringement which results from claims that the Company 
is using technology that has been patented by another party; (2) merchant customer matters often associated with alleged processing 
errors or disclosure issues and claims that one of the subsidiaries of the Company has violated a federal or state requirement 
regarding credit reporting or collection in connection with its check verification guarantee, and collection activities; and (3) other 
matters which may include issues such as employment. The Company's estimates of the possible ranges of losses in excess of any 
amounts accrued are $0 to $5 million for patent infringement, $0 to $165 million for merchant customer matters, and $0 to $5 
million for other matters, resulting in a total estimated range of possible losses of $0 to $175 million for all of the matters described 
above.

The estimated range of reasonably possible losses is based on information currently available and involves elements of judgment 
and significant uncertainties. As additional information becomes available and the resolution of the uncertainties becomes more 
apparent, it is possible that actual losses may exceed even the high end of the estimated range.

Other

In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations to purchasers 
of former subsidiaries. Management of the Company believes that such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition.

103

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Note 15: Employee Benefit Plans 

Defined Contribution Plans

The Company maintains defined contribution benefit plans covering virtually all of the Company’s U.S. employees and defined 
contribution pension plans for international employees primarily in the United Kingdom and Australia. The plans provide tax-
deferred  amounts  for  each  participant,  consisting  of  employee  elective  contributions,  Company  matching  and  discretionary 
Company contributions. Effective January 1, 2014, the Company suspended matching contributions for all U.S. participants. As 
a result, the U.S. Plan is no longer a safe harbor plan.

The following table presents the aggregate amounts charged to expense in connection with these plans: 

Year ended December 31,
 (in millions)
2017
2016
2015

 
Defined Benefit Plans

Amount

$

10
11
12

The Company has defined benefit pension plans which are frozen and covers certain full-time employees in the United Kingdom 
and the U.S. The Company also has separate plans covering certain employees located primarily in Germany, Greece, and Austria.

The Company contributed cash in the amount of $19 million, $19 million, and $12 million to defined benefit plans for the years 
ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 

The Company recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension plans, measured as the difference between the fair value 
of the plan assets and the projected benefit obligation, in the consolidated balance sheets, as follows:

 

(in millions) 
U.K. plan:
Plan benefit obligations
Fair value of plan assets
Net pension assets (a)

U.S. and other foreign plans:
Plan benefit obligations
Fair value of plan assets
Net pension liabilities (b)
Funded status of the plans
(a)  Pension assets are included in “Other long-term assets” of the consolidated balance sheets.
(b)  Pension liabilities are included in “Other long-term liabilities” of the consolidated balance sheets.

As of December 31,

2017

2016

 

(686) $
891
205

(234)
166
(68)
137

$

 

(713)
808
95

 

(222)
137
(85)
10

$

$

The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $920 million and $935 million as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively.

Based on the valuation techniques described in note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," as of December 31, 2017, 
Plan assets are comprised of approximately 20% of Level 1 securities, 80% of Level 2 securities, and an immaterial amount of 
Level 3 securities which comprise less than 1% of total plan assets.

The Plan paid benefits in the amount of $59 million, $39 million, and $41 million for the periods ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 
and 2015, respectively. The estimated future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are expected to be as follows:

104

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Year ended December 31,
 (in millions) 
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023-2027

Amount

$

The Company's post-retirement health care and other insurance benefits for retired employees are limited and not material.

Note 16: Supplemental Financial Information

Supplemental Consolidated Statements of Operations Information 

The following table details the components of “Other income” on the consolidated statements of operations:

 

(in millions) 
Investment gains
Derivatives
Divestitures
Non-operating foreign currency (loss) gains
Other miscellaneous (expense) income
Other income

Investment gains

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

1
—
18
(1)
(2)
16

$

$

35
(5)
(34)
19
2
17

$

$

47
48
49
50
52
282

—
(17)
5
41
—
29

On June 21, 2016, Visa Inc. (Visa) acquired Visa Europe (VE), of which the Company was a member and shareholder through 
certain subsidiaries. On June 21, 2016, the Company received cash of €24.2 million ($27 million equivalent at June 21, 2016) and 
Visa preferred stock which is convertible into Visa common shares. The Company will also receive a deferred payment three years
after the closing date of the acquisition, valued at approximately €2.3 million ($2.6 million equivalent at June 21, 2016). As of 
June 21, 2016, the Class A common stock equivalent of the preferred stock was approximately $19 million. However, the preferred 
shares have been assigned a value of zero based on transfer restrictions and Visa's ability to adjust the conversion ratio dependent 
on the outcome of existing and potential litigations in the Visa Europe territory over the next 11 years.

Divestitures

See note 12 "Acquisitions and Dispositions" of these consolidated financial statements for more information on the Company's 
significant divestitures. 

105

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Supplemental Consolidated Balance Sheet Information

 

(in millions)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets:
Prepaid expenses
Inventory
Other
Total Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Property and equipment:
Land
Buildings
Leasehold improvements
Equipment and furniture
Equipment under capital lease
Property and equipment
Less: Accumulated depreciation
Total Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities:
Accounts payable
Accrued interest expense
Other accrued expenses
Other
Total Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Note 17: Investment in Affiliates

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

$

$

156
98
81
335

58
270
96
1,508
607
2,539
(1,588)
951

247
154
712
546
1,659

$

$

$

$

$

$

 

168
77
115
360

 

56
269
89
1,386
499
2,299
(1,416)
883

 

206
169
685
504
1,564  

Segment results include the Company’s proportionate share of income from affiliates, which consist of unconsolidated investments 
accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The most significant of these affiliates are related to the Company’s merchant 
bank alliance program.

A merchant alliance, as it pertains to investments accounted for under the equity method, is an agreement between the Company 
and a financial institution that combines the processing capabilities and management expertise of the Company with the visibility 
and distribution channel of the bank. The alliance acquires credit and debit card transactions from merchants. The Company 
provides processing and other services to the alliance and charges fees to the alliance primarily based on contractual pricing. These 
fees have been separately identified on the face of the consolidated statements of operations.

As of December 31, 2017, there were sixteen affiliates accounted for under the equity method of accounting, comprised of five
merchant alliances and eleven strategic investments in companies in related markets. 

The Wells Fargo alliance met the Significant Subsidiary test provided in Regulations S-X Rule 1-02 (w) in that the Company's 
equity earnings of this alliance exceeded 20% of the Company's consolidated income from continuing operations before income 
taxes for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

106

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

A summary of financial information for the merchant alliances and other affiliates accounted for under the equity method of 
accounting is presented below:

 

(in millions)
Total current assets
Total long-term assets
Total assets

Total current liabilities
Total long-term liabilities
Total liabilities

As of December 31,

2017

2016

5,427
239
5,666

5,347
8
5,355

$

$

$

$

4,070
84
4,154

3,994
9
4,003

$

$

$

$

 
The primary components of assets and liabilities are settlement-related accounts similar to those described in note 11 "Settlement 
Assets and Obligations" of these consolidated financial statements.

 

(in millions)
Net operating revenues
Operating expenses
Operating income
Net income
FDC equity earnings

Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$
$

1,374
712
662
646
222

$

$
$

1,434
666
768
749
260

1,424
666
758
744
239

$

$
$

 

The formation of a merchant alliance accounted for under the equity method of accounting generally involves the Company and/
or a financial institution contributing merchant contracts to the alliance and a cash payment from one owner to the other to achieve 
the desired ownership percentages. The asset amounts reflected above are owned by the alliances and other equity method investees 
and do not include any of such payments made by the Company. The amount by which the total of the Company’s investments in 
affiliates  exceeded  its  proportionate  share  of  the  investees’  net  assets  was  approximately  $0.9  billion  and  $1.0  billion  as  of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
 
The non-goodwill portion of this amount is considered an identifiable intangible asset that is amortized. The estimated future 
amortization expense for these intangible assets as of December 31, 2017 is as follows:

Year ended December 31,
(in millions) 
2018
2019

Amount

$

29
4

 

These amounts assume that these alliances continue as they currently exist. Much of the difference between the Company's 
proportionate share of the investees’ net income and the Company's equity earnings noted above relates to this amortization. 

107

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

Note 18: Selected Quarterly Financial Results (Unaudited) 
 
The following tables show a summary of the Company’s quarterly financial information for each of the four quarters 
of 2017 and 2016:
 
(in millions, except per share amounts)
Revenues
Expenses
Operating profit
Net income (loss)
Net income (loss) attributable to First Data Corporation
Net income (loss) per share:
Basic
Diluted

3,076
2,658
418
340
296

3,025
2,556
469
243
185

2,801
2,474
327
79
36

0.04
0.04

0.20
0.20

0.32
0.31

Second

Third

First

2017

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

$

$

$

$

Fourth

3,150
2,650
500
1,002
948

1.03
1.00

 

(in millions, except per share amounts)
Revenues
Expenses
Operating profit
Net (loss) income
Net (loss) income attributable to First Data Corporation
Net (loss) income per share:
Basic
Diluted
(Sum of the quarters may not tie to FY due to rounding)

$

$
$

First

Second

Third

Fourth

2016

$

2,777
2,539
238

$
(6) $
(56)

(0.06)
(0.06)

$

$
$

2,928
2,498
430
215
152

0.17
0.17

$

$
$

2,936
2,482
454
200
132

0.15
0.14

2,943
2,463
480
251
192

0.21
0.21

The change in net income during the fourth quarter of 2017 was primarily driven by the release of a valuation allowances 
associated with the Company's deferred tax assets.

Note 19: Subsequent Events

In January 2018, the Company stopped adjusting ISO Commissions Expense to revenue for segment reporting purposes. See 
note 7 "Segment Information" to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

108

FIRST DATA CORPORATION

SCHEDULE II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Additions

Description (in millions)
Year ended December 31, 2017 deducted from
receivables
Year ended December 31, 2016 deducted from
receivables
Year ended December 31, 2015 deducted from
receivables

Balance at
 Beginning of

Period

Charged

 to Costs and

Expenses

Reclassifications

from Other
Accounts (a)

Deductions

Write-offs
Against
Assets

Balance at

End of
 Period

$

$

87

83

72

$

82

85

79

1

1

3

$

116

$

82

71

54

87

83

(a)   Amounts related to reclassifications from "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" to "Allowance for doubtful accounts" in the Company's consolidated 

balance sheets.

109

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

ITEM 9. 

 
None. 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We have evaluated, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of 
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2017. This is done in order to ensure that information we are required to 
disclose in reports that are filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and 
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Report of Management

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in 
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Internal control 
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and 
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance 
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have 
a material effect on the financial statements. Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any 
internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of internal 
control. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect 
to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting may vary over time.

In order to ensure that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective, management regularly assesses such 
controls and did so most recently as of December 31, 2017. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control 
over financial reporting described in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management believes the Company maintained 
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 
In July 2017 and December 2017, we completed our acquisitions of CardConnect and BluePay, which are being integrated into 
our Global Business Solutions segment.  As part of our ongoing integration activities, we are continuing to augment our company-
wide controls to reflect the risks inherent in the acquisitions.  Also, following the October 2017 announcement of the closure of 
our Denver and Houston locations, we commenced the migration of the majority of our tax and treasury activities and Telecheck 
business as well as portions of other functions.  This migration continues to present transitional risks to maintaining adequate 
internal controls over financial reporting.  Other than with respect to these acquisitions and closures, there were no changes in our 
internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially 
affect our internal control over financial reporting.

110

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of First Data Corporation
 
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited First Data Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, First Data Corporation maintained, in all material respects, 
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on the COSO criteria. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Data Corporation as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the 
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity for each of the three years in 
the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) 
(collectively referred to as the "financial statements") of the Company and our report dated February 20, 2018 expressed an 
unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment 
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal 
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with 
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities 
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material 
respects. 

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing 
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for 
our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain 
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Atlanta, Georgia
February 20, 2018

 

 

111

OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 9B. 
 
On February 15, 2018, the Board of Directors approved Amended and Restated By-laws to clarify that it may modify its committee 
structure from time to time such as by splitting the Governance, Compensation and Nominations Committee into two separate 
committees. A copy of the Amended and Restated By-laws is attached as Exhibit 3.2 to this Form 10-K.

PART III 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

ITEM 10. 
All information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after December 31, 2017 and 
is incorporated herein by reference. 

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

ITEM 11. 
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

ITEM 14. 
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.

112

Corporate  
Information

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Frank Bisignano  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Cindy Armine-Klein  Executive Vice President, Chief Control Officer

Daniel Charron  Executive Vice President, Head of Global Business Solutions

Guy Chiarello  President

Ivo Distelbrink  Executive Vice President, Head of Asia Pacific Region

Christopher Foskett  Executive Vice President, Head of Corporate and Business Development

Andrew Gelb  Executive Vice President, Head of Global Financial Solutions

Tom Higgins  Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer 

Christine Larsen  Executive Vice President, Chief Operations Officer

Gustavo Marin  Executive Vice President, Head of Latin America Region

Anthony Marino  Executive Vice President, Head of Human Resources

Barry McCarthy  Executive Vice President, Head of Network and Security Solutions

Michael Neborak  Executive Vice President, Head of EMEA Region

Himanshu Patel  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Adam Rosman  Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

Jeffrey Shanahan  Executive Vice President, CardConnect

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Frank Bisignano Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Joseph Plumeri Vice Chairman of the Board and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings

Henrique De Castro Advisor to Cantor Fitzgerald

Henry Kravis Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of KKR & Co. L.P.

Heidi Miller Former President of JPMorgan International

James Nevels Chairman of The Swarthmore Group

Scott Nuttall Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer of KKR & Co. L.P.

Tagar Olson Member & Head of Financial Services and Hospitality & Leisure at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.

Barbara Yastine Former Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President of Ally Bank

CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
5565 Glenridge Connector NE 
Suite 2000 
Atlanta, GA 30342

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES
225 Liberty Street 
29th Floor 
New York, NY 10281

INVESTOR RELATIONS
Peter Poillon 
Peter.Poillon@FirstData.com

MEDIA RELATIONS
Liidia Liuksila 
Liidia.Liuksila@FirstData.com

FORM 10-K
The company’s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the  
year ended December 31, 2017, as filed with the  
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), can  
be viewed at investor.firstdata.com

ANNUAL MEETING
The 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of  
First Data Corporation will be held on May 10, 2018,  
at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time, at Conrad New York Hotel,  
102 North End Ave, New York, NY 10282.

COMMON STOCK LISTED
First Data trades on the New York Stock 
Exchange under the symbol FDC.

Forward-Looking 
Statements

Certain matters we discuss in 
this Annual Report and in other 
public statements may constitute 
forward-looking statements. You can 
identify forward-looking statements 
because they contain words such 
as “believes,” “expects,” “may,” 
“will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” 
“plans,” “estimates,” or “anticipates” 
or similar expressions which concern 
our strategy, plans, projections or 
intentions. Examples of forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited 
to, all statements we make relating to 
revenue, earnings before net interest 
expense, income taxes, depreciation, 
and amortization (EBITDA), earnings, 
margins, growth rates, and other 
financial results for future periods. 
By their nature, forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date 
they are made; are not statements of 
historical fact or guarantees of future 
performance; and are subject to risks, 
uncertainties, assumptions or changes 
in circumstances that are difficult to 
predict or quantify. Actual results 
could differ materially and adversely 
from our forward-looking statements 
due to a variety of factors, including 
the following: (1) adverse impacts 
from global economic, political, and 

other conditions affecting trends in 
consumer, business, and government 
spending; (2) our ability to anticipate 
and respond to changing industry 
trends, including technological 
changes and increasing competition; 
(3) our ability to successfully renew 
existing client contracts on favorable 
terms and obtain new clients; (4) our 
ability to prevent a material breach 
of security of any of our systems; (5) 
our ability to implement and improve 
processing systems to provide new 
products, improve functionality, and 
increase efficiencies; (6) the successful 
management of our merchant alliance 
program which involves several alliances 
not under our sole control and each 
of which acts independently of the 
others; (7) our successful management 
of credit and fraud risks in our business 
units and merchant alliances, partic-
ularly in the context of eCommerce 
and mobile markets; (8) consolidation 
among financial institution clients or 
other client groups that impacts our 
client relationships; (9) our ability to 
use our net operating losses without 
restriction to offset income for U.S. 
tax purposes; (10) our ability to 
improve our profitability and maintain 
flexibility in our capital resources 

through the implementation of cost 
savings initiatives; (11) the acquisition 
or disposition of a material business 
or assets; (12) our ability to success-
fully value and integrate acquired 
businesses; (13) our high degree of 
leverage; (14) adverse impacts from 
currency exchange rates or currency 
controls imposed by any government or 
otherwise; (15) changes in the interest 
rate environment that increase interest 
on our borrowings or the interest rate at 
which we can refinance our borrowings; 
(16) the impact of new or changes in 
current laws, regulations, credit card 
association rules, or other industry 
standards; and (17) new lawsuits, inves-
tigations, or proceedings, or changes 
to our potential exposure in connection 
with pending lawsuits, investigations or 
proceedings, and various other factors 
discussed throughout this report, 
including but not limited to, Item 1 – 
Business, Item 1A – Risk Factors, and 
Item 7 – Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations. Except as 
required by law, we do not intend to 
revise or update any forward-look-
ing statement as a result of new 
information, future developments  
or otherwise.

FirstData.com

©2018 First Data Corporation. All Rights Reserved. The First Data® name, logo and related trademarks and service marks are owned by 
First Data Corporation and are registered or used in the U.S. and many foreign countries. All trademarks, service marks and trade names 
referenced in this material are the property of their respective owners.

