Fellow Shareholders:

Throughout most of 2017, the global economy generally expanded, reflecting 
growth in both developed and emerging market economies. In the United 
States, the economic recovery continued into its ninth year as the labor market 
steadily improved. Euro area economies strengthened even as measures of 
inflation remained subdued. In Asia, Japan experienced solid growth, boosted 
by the strength of its exports, while China grew robustly, in part due to the 
global recovery and the success of past policy changes.

For Goldman Sachs, generally higher asset prices and 
tighter credit spreads were supportive of mergers and 
underwriting as well as investing and lending activities. 
At the same time, low levels of volatility served as a 
headwind for our market-making businesses.

The diversity of our net revenue mix was instrumental  
in our performance for the year, with three of our four 
segments producing solid revenue growth leading to  
an overall increase in our net revenues. In 2017, we 
generated net revenues of $32.1 billion, a five percent 
increase over 2016. During 2017, the Tax Cuts and  
Jobs Act (U.S. Tax Legislation) was enacted, resulting  
in a $4.4 billion one-time estimated income tax expense. 
Excluding this expense, net earnings applicable to 
common shareholders grew 14 percent to $8.1 billion, 
diluted earnings per common share of $19.76 were  
21 percent higher and our return on average common 
shareholders’ equity (ROE) was 10.8 percent.1

We have delivered double-digit ROE in five out of the 
last six years, and for that sixth year, our ROE was  
9.4 percent.2 While we may not have a contract to deliver 
double-digit returns in every possible circumstance,  
our focus and intensity, including the way we manage 
expenses, demonstrate the importance we attach to 
shareholder returns.

Inflection Points
This past year represented several points of inflection  
for our business and the industry. First, we appear to  
be moving from an environment of generally lower 
economic growth to one with stronger global growth  
and tighter labor markets. Second, central banks are 
shifting away from extraordinarily accommodative 
monetary policies — policies which have dampened 
market volatility — to, generally, more “normal” 
approaches. And third, we may be transitioning from  
an intense period of increasing layers of regulation to  
a focus on rationalizing redundancies and assessing  
costs and benefits.

Against this backdrop, we are focusing our energy on 
earnings growth — in particular, growth from consistent 
investments in our franchise; growth by broadening our 
client and product footprint; and growth through new 
initiatives where we have not previously competed. 
Through it all, we assess opportunities through a 
framework that responds to a clear client need, leverages 
the firm’s core competencies including risk management 
and advice, and provides attractive, long-term 
shareholder returns.

1  Including this expense, net earnings applicable to common shareholders were $3.7 billion, diluted earnings  

per common share were $9.01 and ROE was 4.9 percent. 

2  Excludes the one-time charge arising out of the U.S. Tax Legislation in 2017 and the settlement with the  

Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Working Group of the U.S. Financial Fraud Enforcement Task  
Force in 2015. 

 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report 

1 

Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer 
(left)

David M. Solomon 
President and  
Chief Operating Officer  
(right)

To that end, in September 2017, we laid out a $5 billion 
net revenue growth plan over the next three years.  
While the plan includes contributions from each of  
our businesses, this is not the limit of our ambitions. 
Importantly, these strategic initiatives are not dependent 
on any improvement in the current operating 
environment. That said, broader economic trends, 
market conditions and client conviction appear to be 
more favorable.

In this year’s letter to our shareholders, we provide  
an overview of the progress we are making on our 
strategic growth initiatives across our major businesses. 
Underpinning these initiatives are significant investments  
in engineering, which are critical to driving the expansion  
of our client franchise. Our history of commitment to 
investing in technology has created a competitive advantage 
and is at the center of our efforts to enhance the client 
experience and improve operating efficiency and scale. 
We conclude the letter with some thoughts on the  
year ahead.

2 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report

Letter to ShareholdersOur Focus on Growth

Investment Banking
We continue to have the preeminent global franchise in 
investment banking. In 2017, the business generated its 
second-highest net revenues since the firm’s initial public 
offering in 1999, driven by the deep relationships that  
we have built with more than 8,000 clients over many 
decades. We ended the year ranked first in worldwide 
announced and completed mergers and acquisitions 
(M&A), and also ranked first in worldwide equity and 
equity-related offerings and common stock offerings.

To grow from here, we are increasing our coverage 
universe by approximately 1,000 companies, focusing  
on both private and public companies where we have 
significant room to build relationships. Of the new target 
clients, we have begun covering over 30 percent and 
expect to add the remainder in the next 12 to 18 months. 

To put this opportunity into perspective, our announced 
M&A volume market share on transaction sizes greater 
than $5 billion was approximately 50 percent in  
2017. However, we had just over 10 percent share  
on transaction sizes of less than $5 billion. These 
transactions tend to have fewer advisors and provide 
substantial financing opportunities.

We are also expanding our presence in North America, 
deploying more senior coverage bankers in major cities 
like Atlanta, Dallas, Seattle and Toronto. We see this as 
an important opportunity to deepen our client coverage 
in certain cities that are increasingly important hubs of 
corporate activity. As a result of all of our client coverage 
efforts, we have seen more than 75 new mandates across 
a variety of industry groups.

Another reason for our confidence in Investment 
Banking’s growth is the success we have had in debt 
underwriting. We identified debt underwriting as a 
strategic priority five years ago, and in 2017, we 
produced nearly $3 billion of net revenues — more  
than double our average from 2009 to 2011.

Lastly, China continues to represent a larger portion  
of the global economy. Today, more than 20 percent of 
the Fortune Global 500 companies are Chinese. In  
2017, we were ranked first in equity and equity-related 
offerings among international banks in the region,  
and we are confident our strong footprint positions us  
well to continue to capture opportunities created by  
China’s growth.

Institutional Client Services
Institutional Client Services includes some of our 
most dynamic businesses, and we manage the  
resources in these businesses in the context of the 
operating environment. This has been particularly true  
in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities Client  
Execution (FICC).

FICC. In the midst of industry-wide revenues falling by 
roughly 50 percent from their peak in 2009, we managed 
FICC resources down significantly. We took these actions 
because the opportunities in FICC had declined. This  
was certainly due to secular changes, but it also reflected 
cyclical dynamics as well.

Today the trajectory of the global economy appears to  
be moving towards a firmer footing. In this context, we 
don’t believe it is wise strategically to forgo the potential 
upside in this business moving forward. In fact, we have 
recently deployed more resources given the increasingly 
attractive opportunity set.

With respect to our execution and performance in 2017, 
our performance in FICC was weak in the context of our 
commitment to the business. In response, we undertook  
a comprehensive and detailed review to identify how we 
could improve. 

Our franchise has historically been very focused on  
active investor clients, structured trades and derivatives. 
As a consequence, we underinvested in cash products, 
which led to lower penetration with certain large asset 
managers and banks.

To address these issues, we are broadening our bank  
and asset manager client coverage and are focused on 
growing our corporate coverage. We have also diversified

 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report 

3 

our product footprint by enhancing our cash and flow 
trading capabilities. And we are holding our people 
accountable for delivering top three client rankings.

Our efforts are showing early signs of success, as we 
drive market share increases across our businesses.  
We are confident that these efforts will manifest 
themselves to all of our FICC clients over time.

A key differentiator supporting our overall growth  
will be employing our engineering capabilities to provide 
clients with best execution, content and analytics. For 
example, we have consolidated our automated pricing 
and risk management of electronic trading across 
Equities, Rates, Currencies and Commodities into a 
cohesive unit to drive efficiencies for our clients and  
the firm.

In summary, we are executing on our strategy in FICC  
to invest in areas where we see the greatest opportunity 
to meet client needs, grow market share and, if need  
be, reduce capital and expenses to size the business 
commensurate with client activity.

Equities. In Equities, we are making a multiyear 
investment in people, platforms and products to grow 
our leading franchise in both execution and financing.

In the last few years, we have made several strategic hires 
to enhance our electronic execution offering, including  
a new chief data officer for the firm, a global head of 
electronic execution services and a chief technology 
officer of electronic trading. In 2017, we added about 
100 people focused on electronic execution, including 
more than 70 engineers.

In terms of platforms, two years ago we acquired a 
high-performance trading platform from Pantor 
Engineering AB, which we have now rolled out to our 
European clients. Today, our smart router capabilities put 
us among the top three providers of the fastest, most 
comprehensive access to developed European markets.

At the end of 2017, we had an important validation of 
our electronic capabilities, announcing that we would 
become the exclusive execution provider for Bloomberg’s 
Tradebook. As a result, we are bringing on more than 
1,300 new clients from which we expect a revenue run 
rate of over $100 million.

4 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report

These and other investments support our initiative to 
serve quantitative-focused investors. This is an important 
and growing segment of the market, where we provide 
both execution and financing services. From these and 
other investments, we expect to increase our market 
share in electronic execution, which will benefit all  
of our Equities clients.

Investment Management
Our Investment Management business remains well 
positioned because of our breadth of asset classes, 
products and distribution. In 2017, we had $42 billion  
in long-term fee-based (LTFB) net inflows across the 
platform. We have had consistent growth with about 
$270 billion of LTFB net inflows over the last five years, 
including $52 billion from acquisitions.

In Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we continue to  
be a top provider to companies as they increasingly 
outsource the management of their pension plans and 
other assets. Currently, we have over $110 billion in 
assets where we act as a chief investment officer or 
advisor. In 2017, we made a strategic acquisition, further 
adding $20 billion of LTFB assets and contributing to 
our scale in this business.

The same outsourcing trend is happening within  
many insurance companies. We manage or advise on 
another $190 billion from insurance clients who leverage 
our enhanced analytics, custom asset allocation and risk 
management capabilities.

In Private Wealth Management, we saw strong  
long-term net inflows of $17 billion in 2017, up from 
$12 billion in 2016. Wealth creation is expanding at a 
rapid clip and given the strength of our offering and 
brand, we have not seen the limit to the growth of this 
segment of the market. We currently have over 700 
private wealth advisors and expect to grow our advisor 
population by approximately 30 percent through 2020.

In Ayco, we provide financial planning services to  
400 corporate clients and 13,000 executives across 
corporate America. However, we currently cover only  
 
 
 

Letter to Shareholders20 percent of the Fortune 1000. At the end of 2017,  
we launched our digital advisory service designed for 
Ayco corporate client employees. This platform is live  
at more than 70 companies and we expect to roll this out  
to an additional 30 companies by the end of 2018.

Investing & Lending
Our Investing & Lending businesses provide promising 
companies and other clients with the capital they need  
to grow — either in the form of a loan or an equity 
investment. Our funded loan portfolio was $81 billion at 
the end of 2017, 3.5 times higher since the end of 2012.

In Private Wealth Management, we have increased our 
lending to our existing Private Wealth Management 
clients, growing our funded loans balance to about  
$24 billion in 2017 or a 15 percent increase year-over-
year. Lending net revenues from Private Wealth 
Management clients increased about 30 percent 
compared to 2016.

Through GS Select, we are working with third-party 
registered investment advisors to offer securities-based 
loans from Goldman Sachs Bank USA to their Private 
Wealth Management clients. This digital platform is just 
getting started, but we have already signed up some of 
the largest independent registered investment advisors in 
the U.S. who serve clients with nearly $4 trillion in assets.

Institutional Lending and Financing is also an  
important part of our growth strategy, an opportunity  
set driven by our special situations group, a differentiated 
financing and investing business. Here, dedicated teams 
of experienced underwriters partner primarily with 
middle-market companies to finance assets, improve  
their capital structure or deploy capital. This business is 
one of the highest margin and highest return businesses 
in the firm.

By growing our loan portfolio, we have increased our net 
revenue contribution from net interest income, which 
makes Investing & Lending net revenues more stable and 
recurring. We entered 2018 with a $2 billion net interest 
income run rate, before considering further loan growth. 
And net interest income in the fourth quarter was up 
roughly 70 percent year-over-year.

Another important investing business is our merchant 
banking business, which helps to start and grow 
companies. Merchant banking has been a source of 
strong risk-adjusted return opportunities and a core  
part of the firm’s DNA and mission. We’ve been in this 
business for over 30 years and it constitutes as powerful 
a franchise as any other in our firm.

Since the beginning of 2015, we generated nearly  
$11 billion of net revenues from our diversified portfolio 
of equity investments, with the largest contribution from 
merchant banking.

We continue to see attractive opportunities as an active 
investor, on behalf of both our clients and the firm,  
where our unique global franchise is an excellent 
sourcing mechanism. For example, in the past two years, 
we sourced over $40 billion in commitments to invest 
across our equity and credit merchant banking activities. 

In November 2017, we announced the Cooperation 
Fund, partnering with the China Investment Corporation. 
We intend to raise $5 billion to invest mainly in American 
manufacturing, industrial, consumer and healthcare 
companies, among others, that are developing business  
in China, or anticipate doing so in the future.

Marcus
Marcus: by Goldman Sachs (Marcus) is our digital 
consumer financial services platform. The foundation of 
this new business is rooted in addressing real consumer 
pain points by delivering value through products that are 
simple, transparent and flexible. Marcus launched with 
single no-fee personal loans and is evolving into a suite  
of products and services that we believe will move the 
needle for the firm over the coming years.

We are building Marcus at a point in time when 
consumers are moving away from brick-and-mortar 
branches to solutions that use technology to more 
seamlessly meet their needs. Goldman Sachs is uniquely 
positioned to be a disruptor in consumer finance —  
we can leverage our stable balance sheet, expertise in  
risk management and capabilities in technology without  
the burden of legacy distribution, technology and 
businesses that could constrain our ability to offer 
consumers better terms.

 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report 

5 

We originated $2.3 billion of personal loans from  
launch through the end of 2017. As we grow our 
portfolio, we remain very cognizant of the credit cycle. 
Our credit policy and pricing are designed to build a 
resilient loan book, and we remain deliberate in the 
pacing of our growth. We also continue to grow and 
diversify our sources of funding through our deposits 
business; Marcus deposits grew by more than $5 billion 
in 2017, ending the year at $17.1 billion — nearly double 
the balances we started with when we entered the 
business in April 2016. As of the end of 2017, Marcus 
was serving more than 350,000 customers across loans 
and deposits, with the clear potential to build 
relationships with millions of consumers.

While we recognize that it is early for us in the digital 
consumer finance space, there is a real need in the 
market, and the opportunities for further investment  
are compelling. We intend to extend our lending and 
savings products over time, both direct-to-consumer  
and through partnerships.

In addition, longer-term, we see opportunities to  
expand our suite of consumer offerings, and our criteria 
for evaluating new products will remain consistent: a 
large addressable market, the ability to leverage our 
expertise, the ability to deliver attractive shareholder 
returns, and importantly, the ability to deliver consumer-
centric solutions.

Our People
Our most important long-term competitive advantage 
remains our people. With that in mind, we invest  
heavily to attract, develop and promote extraordinary 
professionals who can serve our clients and drive  
our growth.

To that end, we are proud that we were once again 
recognized as one of Fortune magazine’s “100 Best 
Companies to Work For.” Goldman Sachs is one of  
only four companies to be recognized every year that  
the Great Place to Work Institute has issued its list since 
1984. We were also named as one of Working Mother’s 
“100 Best Companies,” which ranks companies with  
the best programs that support working parents, for  
the fifteenth consecutive year, earning us a place on the 
magazine’s “Hall of Fame” list.

6 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report

In 2017, we hired more than 6,000 people around  
the world — recruiting each person one by one. Our 
application rates continue to rise and more than eight  
out of 10 people who were offered a role chose to join 
the firm. Our recruiting strategy is centered on expanding 
and diversifying our applicant pool. Through the use of 
technology, including video interviewing and hosting 
online coding challenges, we increased the number of 
schools from which we interview intern candidates  
by more than 150 schools for the 2018 class, compared 
to 2017.

What’s more, given the growing importance of 
technology to our businesses, we continue to focus  
on hiring individuals with backgrounds in science, 
technology, engineering and math (STEM). Today, 
approximately one-quarter of the firm works in various 
engineering-related roles. More than one-third of our 
2017 campus analyst hires majored in a STEM discipline, 
and that percentage will only continue to rise as we 
welcome our incoming 2018 class later this year.

In 2017, we selected our newest class of managing 
directors (MDs). Twenty-four percent of the 509 new 
MDs are women, while regionally, around 25 percent 
hail from Europe, the Middle East and Africa, 57 percent 
from the Americas and 18 percent from Asia. In addition, 
66 percent of the new class started at the firm as analysts 
or associates, a reflection of our commitment to talent 
development and retention over the long-term.

Succession and Our Leadership Bench
One of my most important responsibilities as chairman 
and chief executive officer is to work with our Board  
of Directors on ensuring smooth and effective leadership 
transitions. Our firm is fortunate to have a deep pool  
of talent at all levels, and regardless of when the  
next transition is to take effect, we are well prepared. 
With Harvey Schwartz’s announced retirement as 
president and co-chief operating officer (COO) of the 
firm, David Solomon will assume sole responsibility  
for these roles. I look forward to working with David  
to continue to build our global franchise and pursue 
long-term value for our shareholders.

 
 

Letter to ShareholdersOver his 20-year career, Harvey has held leadership  
roles across a broad range of the firm’s operations — 
from Securities and Investment Banking, to serving as 
chief financial officer (CFO) and, most recently, as 
president and co-COO. As the global co-head of  
the Securities Division, Harvey was instrumental in 
overseeing growth in our client franchise across FICC 
and Equities. During the financial crisis, Harvey played 
an important role in the management of our risk 
exposures, even while we were meeting the significant 
needs of our clients. During Harvey’s tenure as CFO,  
he played a critical role in helping the firm adapt  
to significant changes in the regulatory environment.  
Harvey has consistently demonstrated his deep 
commitment to the firm and its values. His work ethic, 
command of complexity and client focus have defined  
his career, while his influence on many leaders at the  
firm has made an indelible impact on generations  
of professionals at Goldman Sachs. We thank Harvey  
for his exceptional service and wish him all the best  
in the years ahead.

Our Impact
Goldman Sachs has long embraced our responsibility to 
help address crucial environmental, social and economic 
challenges around the world, both through our core 
businesses and by engaging in activities that leverage our 
expertise to promote economic progress. As part of that 
mission, we seek to be active and long-term corporate 
citizens in the communities in which we operate. Given 
our position at the crossroads of the capital markets,  
our mission is to drive positive change in our work with 
clients by helping them to grow their businesses, be on  
a stronger financial footing, provide access to key services 
and contribute to economic growth.

In some cases, that means helping entrepreneurs succeed 
through programs such as 10,000 Women and 10,000 
Small Businesses. In other cases, we are financing projects 
that can improve living standards within traditionally 
underserved communities. Our goal is to conduct 
philanthropy with a purpose — making meaningful 
contributions where our skills and leadership can make  
a clear difference.

10,000 Small Businesses Summit
As a natural next step in our focus on small businesses, 
we hosted in February 2018 the 10,000 Small Businesses 
Summit: The Big Power of Small Business, which was  
the largest-ever gathering of small business owners in  
the U.S. Taking place in Washington, D.C., the summit 
convened more than 2,000 small business owners from  
a diverse range of industries and geographies with a 
select group of business leaders, industry experts and 
policymakers to discuss the vital role that small 
businesses play in the U.S. economy.

From sharing strategies and tactics for hiring, obtaining 
capital and optimizing growth, to discussing policy-
related topics such as regulation and global competition, 
this unique event provided an opportunity for the alumni 
of 10,000 Small Businesses to come together and share 
ideas, discuss common challenges and elevate their 
collective voice. The following day, participants took that 
voice to Capitol Hill, where they met with representatives 
from their respective districts and states to advocate for 
policies that support the continued ability of small 
businesses to grow, thrive and compete.

Goldman Sachs Gives
Goldman Sachs Gives is a donor-advised fund through 
which participating managing directors of the firm can 
recommend grants to qualified nonprofit organizations 
around the world. Since its launch in 2010, the fund has 
made more than $1.3 billion in grants through the end of 
2017 to 6,000 organizations that further Goldman Sachs 
Gives’ mission of fostering innovative ideas, solving 
economic and social issues, and enabling progress in 
underserved communities worldwide.

As an example of our firm’s commitment to citizenship 
and community engagement, Goldman Sachs Gives 
continued to expand its reach in 2017, through initiatives 
such as the second annual Analyst Impact Fund, a 
competition whereby teams of analysts from the firm vied 
to win a Goldman Sachs Gives grant to the nonprofit  
of their choice. Demonstrating the teamwork, analytics 
and excellence that are core to the values and culture  
of Goldman Sachs, the analysts who participated 
represented a broad range of Goldman Sachs offices and 
divisions. The three winning teams supported nonprofit 

 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report 

7 

Looking Ahead
Today, conditions are highly supportive of a growing 
economy and interest rates are relatively low for where 
we are in the growth cycle. But as managers of risk,  
we do our best to prepare our clients and the firm for 
low-probability, yet highly consequential events. With  
the U.S. near full employment, inflation still relatively 
low and the end of quantitative easing, there is a greater 
chance that excesses can build up. In this vein, we 
continue to be mindful of what can go wrong, keeping  
a close eye on risk, particularly in the context of the 
credit cycle.

Cycles come and go, and, as we have seen in recent 
months, markets can change course at a moment’s notice, 
and often in response to factors no one can predict with 
any certainty.

Still, we remain optimistic and confident in our ability to 
grow. Our client franchise is strong and we are executing 
on our growth initiatives, including making investments 
across our businesses to expand our franchise and to 
grow earnings across the firm.

The hard work, commitment and collaboration of our 
people will remain cornerstones of our long-term success. 
In the process, we are confident that we can continue to 
generate strong relative returns and value for our 
shareholders.

Lloyd C. Blankfein 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

organizations that focus on delivering online educational 
resources for female refugees, bail reform initiatives and 
the education of girls in rural India.

Additionally, in the wake of the destruction caused by 
Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, as well as the 
earthquakes in Mexico, the firm and Goldman Sachs 
Gives made grants exceeding $2 million to organizations 
providing immediate resources, short-term relief, long-
term housing and small business reconstruction and 
recovery. Equally important, more than 1,000 volunteers 
across the firm donated their time to help in the 
immediate and ongoing recovery efforts.

Urban Investment Group
Through our Urban Investment Group (UIG), we have 
realized the potential for investments in underserved 
urban areas. We work with local leaders and nonprofits, 
focusing on community development and financing for 
socially motivated enterprises and small businesses. 
While the investment strategy has evolved over the  
years, the mission remains the same: to make an impact 
in underserved areas while making a good return.

Since its inception in 2001 through the end of  
2017, UIG has committed more than $6 billion to 
underserved U.S. communities, facilitating the creation 
and preservation of more than 25,000 housing units — 
the majority of which are affordable for low- to 
middle-income families — as well as more than 2 million 
square feet of community space and over 7.5 million 
square feet of commercial, retail and industrial facilities.

As an example, Goldman Sachs committed nearly  
$500 million to the Essex Crossing development on  
the Lower East Side of Manhattan. The project, at  
1.9 million square feet, is one of the largest developments 
in New York City and is reactivating a site that had sat 
vacant for almost 50 years. Essex Crossing, which was 
designed with the local community, will include just over 
1,000 apartments, more than half of which are reserved 
for low- and middle-income tenants, and 900,000 square 
feet of commercial and community space. Such projects 
have the potential to usher in a new model for urban 
investment, focusing on infrastructure, jobs and resources 
that benefit the public at large. 

8 

Goldman Sachs 2017 Annual Report

Letter to Shareholders