LETTER FROM OUR CHAIRMAN & CEO

Dear Fellow Shareholders:

2017 was an outstanding year for The Hartford, as we delivered strong results and expanded
our leading positions in property and casualty insurance, group benefits and mutual funds.
The acquisition of Aetna’s U.S. group life and disability business topped the year’s list of
significant accomplishments. This deal made The Hartford both the second largest group life
and disability carrier, and the second largest workers’ compensation carrier in the U.S. Our
data, analytics and expertise are now unmatched in the industry. Meanwhile, despite a
competitive market and historically high catastrophe losses, Commercial Lines margins were
strong, personal auto profitability greatly improved, and Group Benefits and Mutual Funds
results were excellent. Our financial flexibility will improve following the close of the Talcott
Resolution sale and we continue to invest in broader offerings and becoming a more efficient,
customer-focused company. 

Turning to 2018, an improving economy should support opportunities for profitable growth.
Stronger employment trends and U.S. GDP growth are a positive for each of our businesses
and the insurance industry overall. Higher interest rates should also benefit our investment
results, providing an opportunity to invest at more attractive returns. The passage of tax
reform and the rollback of regulations are clear pro-growth messages, as U.S. corporations
respond to the biggest tax cut in the last 30 years. We intend to use a portion of the additional
cash flow expected from tax reform to fast track our existing technology initiatives.

Consistent with our strategy, everything we do centers around the customer. We see new
opportunities to create meaningful differentiation in customer value, risk selection, operating
efficiencies and pricing. Our data and technology investments help us better serve our
customers when they need us most. We use geocoding to plot policyholder locations in
relation to impending natural disasters, analyze flood and elevation data, and model probable
claims to pre-position staff on the ground to respond. In workers’ compensation, our claims
department uses data, analytics and education to identify addiction risks and recommend
alternative pain management treatments. Initiatives like these deliver value for customers
and shareholders while contributing to the well-being of our society.

We know that as an employer, neighbor and steward of the environment, doing business
extends beyond our product and service quality. That’s why we are proud to be recognized by
the Ethisphere Institute, Bloomberg Financial Services Gender Equality Index, Dow Jones
Sustainability Index, and the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, among
others. We are also grateful to our employees who give their time, talent and generosity as
community volunteers to help us achieve our five-year goal of making a positive impact in the
lives of 7 million people by the end of 2020. 

I am pleased with our business’ performance, how we served customers during a historic
natural catastrophe year, the strength of our balance sheet and investment results, and our
employees’ talent and character. We are well positioned to advance our strategy, and create
long-term value for our shareholders, customers, employees and distribution partners.

Sincerely,

Christopher J. Swift
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2

www.thehartford.com

"Consistent with our

strategy, everything we do

centers around the

customer. We see new
opportunities to create

meaningful differentiation

in customer value, risk

selection, operating

efficiencies and pricing."

