ANNUAL REPORT 2017 

Dear Shareholders: 

2017 was a record year for our company. I’m proud of our financial results, but prouder still of how our company             
responded to an unprecedented number of natural disasters across all geographies. Our associates and suppliers came 
together to not only provide for our customers in a time of need, but also to support impacted communities. 

During fiscal 2017, sales grew 6.7 percent to $100.9 billion, with comparable sales growth of 6.8 percent for the total 
company and 6.9 percent in the U.S. We saw sales growth in all of our U.S. regions, Canada and Mexico. Our fiscal 2017 
net earnings were $8.6 billion, or $7.29 per share, a 13.0 percent increase from the prior year.

While we are pleased with our results, we know there is more work to be done. The retail landscape is changing at an 
unprecedented rate. Many say that retail has changed more in the last three years than the prior few decades. Our stores 
are the hub of our business, but our customers are shopping and interacting with us differently. For example, our online 
sales now make up 6.7 percent of total sales, and over 45 percent of all online U.S. orders are picked up inside our stores.  
Further, customer expectations continue to evolve. To address these changing needs and continue to win in the market, 
we are proactively investing in our business – creating what we are calling the “One Home Depot” experience.

Simply put, our vision for One Home Depot is a frictionless shopping experience regardless of how, when, or where our 
customers shop. To accomplish this, over the next three years, we will invest more than $11 billion in our stores and 
supply chain, our digital experience, and of course, our people. We are investing in the customer experience, we are 
investing in the future of our business, and we are investing to create value. 

Investing in the Customer Experience
We are creating a seamless, interconnected shopping experience as customers increasingly blend both the physical and 
digital worlds.  We believe that when a customer comes to one of our physical stores, it needs to be a great experience.  
Our customers have told us that they find our stores hard to navigate and that it takes too long to check out. We are 
acting on this feedback with investments in navigation, as well as in the front-end of our stores to facilitate a faster and 
easier checkout experience. Our store investments do not stop there. For example, we are adding lockers to our stores to 
facilitate the interconnected experience. With these automated lockers, picking up an online order has never been easier.

Our customers shop The Home Depot because we offer products and services at great values for both our professional 
and do-it-yourself customers. Our vendor partners work with us to bring great product innovation that saves our 
customers time and money. And our product assortment continues to evolve. In 2017, we purchased Compact Power 
Equipment, a leading provider of equipment rental and maintenance. This acquisition allows us to further improve the 
customer experience, particularly for our professional customers, through enhanced equipment and tool rental offerings.  
Further, based on customer feedback, we plan to leverage our company as an online destination for expanded décor 
categories. Our recent purchase of The Company Store, an online retailer of textiles and décor products, accelerates    
this effort. 

We will continue to be the customer’s advocate for value, delivering the best products and services at the best value, 
every single day.

Investing in the Future of Our Business
We have built a strong foundation as the number one retailer for home improvement. We believe the investments we are 
making in the One Home Depot experience will ensure that we maintain our momentum today and position the business 
for long-term success. 

Over the past ten years, we have been on a journey to transform our supply chain, and the team has done a fantastic 
job. Our supply chain moves more home improvement goods than anyone else. As expectations around product                   
fulfillment and delivery for both our professional and do-it-yourself customers continue to grow, we will invest to ensure 
we have a world-class supply chain for the unique needs of home improvement items. As part of our investment plan, over 
the next five years, we will invest approximately $1.2 billion in our supply chain. These investments will enable same and                
next-day delivery capabilities for 90 percent of the U.S. population. Our goal is to create the fastest, most efficient delivery 
in home improvement. 

Investing to Create Value
Our strategy to create the One Home Depot experience is driven by our desire to create value for all stakeholders. This 
includes our shareholders, our associates, our supplier partners and the communities that we serve. We are investing 
in all aspects of the business to create value for all – value that extends far beyond the current year. As we invest in the 
customer experience and position ourselves for future growth, we are enhancing our already strong foundation to be able 
to continue to return value to all parties for years to come. 

Our company is rock solid strong. And with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, we find ourselves in an even stronger 
financial position. Our capital allocation philosophy is straightforward. We will continue to invest in the business to drive 
growth as well as to drive productivity and efficiency. We will invest in our associates to provide them with flexible work 
schedules and market competitive compensation and benefits. We look to return a meaningful percentage of earnings to 
our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In fact, during fiscal 2017, after investing in the business, we 
returned over $12 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.

As we look ahead, we expect our investments will result in continued growth and profitability. By fiscal 2020 we believe our 
sales could reach as high as $120 billion. With that, our operating margin could reach as high as 15 percent, with a return 
on invested capital1 of more than 40 percent.  

Our Culture
As we continue down this path to create the One Home Depot experience, I want to share what is not changing – our 
culture. Our founders established the culture of The Home Depot nearly forty years ago, and it is alive and well in our 
business today. Our more than 400,000 orange-blooded associates live our culture every day. They are our single-greatest 
asset, and they differentiate us in the marketplace. 

1Return on invested capital, or ROIC, is defined as net operating profit after tax, a non-GAAP financial measure, for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by the 
average of beginning and ending long-term debt (including current installments) and equity for the most recent twelve-month period. For a reconciliation of net operating 
profit after tax to net earnings, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, and our calculation of ROIC, see “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” on page 23 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our culture stretches beyond our stores into the communities we serve. We will remember 2017 as a year for taking 
care of our communities and associates impacted by natural disasters. Together with The Home Depot Foundation, we       
committed over $3 million to help people recover from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, the devastating earthquakes 
that struck Mexico, and the flooding and wildfires in Canada and California. In addition, The Homer Fund, a 501(c)(3) 
entity created by our founders to help Home Depot associates in need, gave charitable grants to approximately 15,000 
associates in 2017, including approximately 6,000 grants to associates impacted by the natural disasters.

Beyond disaster relief, we continued to positively impact the lives of military veterans and their families, completing  
volunteer projects with our associates and community partners in more than 1,000 cities across the country. Since 2011, 
The Home Depot Foundation has enhanced more than 37,000 veteran homes and facilities and contributed nearly a 
quarter of a billion dollars to veteran-related causes.

Our culture also drives our focus on the social and environmental impacts of our business. During fiscal 2017, we 
received our tenth consecutive year of recognition from the Environmental Protection Agency as Retailer of the Year. In 
addition, we have made significant progress on our 2020 goal of sourcing 135 megawatts of renewable and alternative 
energy from the expansion of solar, wind and fuel cell technology.

Our vision is simple – One Home Depot. Making this vision a reality will require time, effort and dedication, but we look 
forward to growing our business while taking care of our people and protecting our culture. I am excited for the future of 
our company, the opportunities that lie ahead, and the value we will create throughout our journey.

Craig Menear
March 22, 2018

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
________________________________________

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2018 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission File Number 1-8207

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
2455 PACES FERRY ROAD, ATLANTA, GEORGIA 30339

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

95-3261426

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 

(770) 433-8211

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

TITLE OF EACH CLASS

Common Stock, $0.05 Par Value Per Share

NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE

ON WHICH REGISTERED

New York Stock Exchange

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None

 No 
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No 
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such 
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every 
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or 
for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not 
be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III 
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller 
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller 
reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

 No 

 No 

Large accelerated filer 
Emerging growth company 

Accelerated filer 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the 
 extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards 
 provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Smaller reporting company 

Non-accelerated filer 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
The aggregate market value of the common stock of the Registrant held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on July 30, 2017 was 
$176.5 billion.
The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant’s common stock as of March 2, 2018 was 1,157,269,522 shares.

 No 

Portions of the Registrant’s proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of 
this Form 10-K to the extent described herein.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Commonly Used or Defined Terms
Cautionary Statement Pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Business.

PART I
Item 1.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Properties.
Legal Proceedings.

PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 

Equity Securities.
Selected Financial Data.

Item 6.
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
Item 8.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Item 9B. Other Information.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 

Matters.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.

Signatures

i

ii
iii

1
7
14
14
16
17

17

19
19
28
29
57
57
59

59
60
60

60
60

60
64
65

Term
ASC
ASR
ASU
BODFS
BOPIS
BORIS
BOSS
Compact Power
Comparable sales
DIFM
DIY
EH&S
EPA
ESPP
Exchange Act
FASB
fiscal 2012
fiscal 2013
fiscal 2014
fiscal 2015
fiscal 2016
fiscal 2017
fiscal 2018
GAAP
GRI
HD Supply
Interline
IRS
LIBOR
MD&A
MRO
NOPAT
NYSE
PLCC
Pro
Restoration Plan
ROIC
SEC
Securities Act
SER
SG&A
Tax Act

COMMONLY USED OR DEFINED TERMS

Definition
Accounting Standards Codification
Accelerated share repurchase
Accounting Standards Update
Buy Online, Deliver From Store
Buy Online, Pick-up In Store
Buy Online, Return In Store
Buy Online, Ship to Store
Compact Power Equipment, Inc.
As defined in the Results of Operations - Sales section of MD&A
Do-It-For-Me
Do-It-Yourself
Environmental, Health and Safety
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
Financial Accounting Standards Board
Fiscal year ended February 3, 2013 (includes 53 weeks)
Fiscal year ended February 2, 2014 (includes 52 weeks)
Fiscal year ended February 1, 2015 (includes 52 weeks)
Fiscal year ended January 31, 2016 (includes 52 weeks)
Fiscal year ended January 29, 2017 (includes 52 weeks)
Fiscal year ended January 28, 2018 (includes 52 weeks)
Fiscal year ending February 3, 2019 (includes 53 weeks)
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
Global Reporting Initiative
HD Supply Holdings, Inc.
Interline Brands, Inc.
Internal Revenue Service
London interbank offered rate
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Maintenance, repair, and operations
Net operating profit after tax
New York Stock Exchange
Private label credit card
Professional customer
Home Depot FutureBuilder Restoration Plan
Return on invested capital
Securities and Exchange Commission
Securities Act of 1933, as amended
Social and Environmental Responsibility
Selling, general, and administrative
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017

ii

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 

PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

Certain statements contained herein, as well as in other filings we make with the SEC and other written and oral 
information we release, regarding our future performance constitute "forward-looking statements" as defined in 
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other 
things, the demand for our products and services; net sales growth; comparable sales; effects of competition; 
implementation of store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives; issues related to the 
payment methods we accept; state of the economy; state of the residential construction, housing, and home 
improvement markets; state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans, and consumer credit; 
demand for credit offerings; inventory and in-stock positions; management of relationships with our suppliers and 
vendors; continuation of share repurchase programs; net earnings performance; earnings per share; dividend 
targets; capital allocation and expenditures; liquidity; return on invested capital; expense leverage; stock-based 
compensation expense; commodity price inflation and deflation; the ability to issue debt on terms and at rates 
acceptable to us; the impact and expected outcome of investigations, inquiries, claims, and litigation; the effect of 
accounting charges; the effect of adopting certain accounting standards; the impact of the Tax Act; store openings 
and closures; financial outlook; and the integration of acquired companies into our organization and the ability to 
recognize the anticipated synergies and benefits of those acquisitions.
Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, 
expectations and projections about future events. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties –
many of which are beyond our control, dependent on actions of third parties, or currently unknown to us – as well 
as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and 
projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A, "Risk 
Factors," and elsewhere in this report and also as may be described from time to time in our future reports we file 
with the SEC.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these 
statements other than as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make 
on related subjects in our periodic filings with the SEC.

iii

Item 1.  Business.

PART I

Introduction

The Home Depot, Inc. is the world’s largest home improvement retailer based on net sales for fiscal 2017. We 
offer our customers a wide assortment of building materials, home improvement products, lawn and garden 
products, and décor products and provide a number of services, including home improvement installation services 
and tool and equipment rental. As of the end of fiscal 2017, we had 2,284 The Home Depot stores located 
throughout the U.S., including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and 
Guam, Canada, and Mexico. The Home Depot stores average approximately 104,000 square feet of enclosed 
space, with approximately 24,000 additional square feet of outside garden area. We also maintain a network of 
distribution and fulfillment centers, as well as a number of e-commerce websites. When we refer to "The Home 
Depot," the "Company," "we," "us" or "our" in this report, we are referring to The Home Depot, Inc. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries.
The Home Depot, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in 1978. Our Store Support Center 
(corporate office) is located at 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Our telephone number is 
(770) 433-8211.

Our Business

Our Strategy
Our two primary objectives are growing market share with our customers and delivering shareholder value. We 
have historically been guided by three principles to drive growth: delivering an exceptional customer experience, 
leading in product authority, and maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation. These principles reflect 
how we fundamentally run our business. As the retail landscape continues to rapidly evolve, we must become 
more agile in responding to the changing competitive landscape and customer preferences. Our customers 
expect to be able to buy how, when and where they want. We believe that providing a seamless and frictionless 
shopping experience across multiple channels, featuring curated and innovative product choices, personalized for 
the individual shopper’s need, which are then delivered in a fast and cost-efficient manner, will be a key enabler 
for our future success. This is our vision for One Home Depot. We have been focused on providing this 
interconnected retail experience to drive value for our customers, our associates, our suppliers and our 
shareholders. With that in mind, we have refined our strategic principles into the following five key strategies 
designed to drive growth in our business:

Interconnected experience: stores to online, and online to stores

•  Connect associates to customer needs
• 
•  Connect products and services to customer needs
•  Connect product to shelf, site and customer
Innovate our business model and value chain
• 

Taken together, these strategies will help us to create the One Home Depot experience that our customers 
demand. Below are some of the ways we have been investing in that experience during fiscal 2017.
Connect Associates to Customer Needs
We serve two primary customer groups and have different approaches to meet their needs:

•  DIY Customers. These customers are typically home owners who purchase products and complete their 

own projects and installations. Our associates assist these customers both in our stores and through 
online resources and other media designed to provide product and project knowledge. We also offer a 
variety of clinics and workshops both to share this knowledge and to build an emotional connection with 
our DIY customers.

•  Professional Customers (or “Pros”). These customers are primarily professional renovators/remodelers, 

general contractors, handymen, property managers, building service contractors and specialty 
tradesmen, such as installers. We recognize the great value our Pro customers provide to their clients, 
and we strive to make the Pro’s job easier. For example, we offer our Pros a wide range of special 
programs such as delivery and will-call services, dedicated sales and service staff, enhanced credit 

1

programs, designated parking spaces close to store entrances and bulk pricing programs for both online 
and in-store purchases. In addition, we maintain a loyalty program, Pro Xtra, that provides our Pros with 
discounts on useful business services, exclusive product offers, and a purchase tracking tool to enable 
receipt lookup online and job tracking of purchases across all forms of payment.
We also serve Pros in the MRO market where our customers are primarily institutions (such as 
educational and healthcare institutions), hospitality businesses, and national, multi-family apartment 
complexes. Through our entry into this market with our acquisition of Interline in fiscal 2015, we gained 
additional competencies relevant to our large Pro customers, including outside sales and account 
management, expanded product assortment, and last mile delivery capabilities. During fiscal 2017, we 
continued our integration efforts, rolling out Pro MRO in all U.S. stores, giving customers in our stores 
access to Interline's assortment. Similarly, we launched our Pro Purchase program, which gives Interline 
customers the ability to shop our stores using their house accounts.
Our Pros have differing needs depending on the type of work they perform. Our goal is to develop a 
comprehensive set of capabilities for our Pros to provide solutions across every purchase opportunity, 
such as supplying both recurring MRO needs and renovation products and services to property managers 
or providing inventory management solutions for specialty tradesmen’s replenishment needs. In fiscal 
2017, we enhanced our service offering to our Pros through our acquisition of Compact Power, a national 
provider of equipment rental and maintenance services. We believe that by bringing our best resources to 
bear for each individual customer, we can provide a differentiated customer experience and enhanced 
value proposition for our Pro customers. 

Intersecting our DIY customers and our Pros are our DIFM customers. These customers are typically home 
owners who purchase materials and hire Pros to complete the project or installation. Our stores offer a variety of 
installation services available to DIFM customers who purchase products and installation of those products from 
us in our stores, online or in their homes through in-home consultations. Our installation programs include many 
categories, such as flooring, cabinets, countertops, water heaters and sheds. In addition, we provide third-party 
professional installation in a number of categories sold through our in-home sales programs, such as roofing, 
siding, windows, cabinet refacing, furnaces and central air systems. We believe that changing demographics are 
increasing the demand for our installation services, particularly for our "baby boomer" customers who may have 
historically been DIY customers but who are now looking for someone to complete a project for them. We also 
believe our focus on serving the Pros who perform services for our DIFM customers will help us drive higher 
product sales.
We help our customers finance their projects by offering private label credit card, or PLCC products through third-
party credit providers. Our private label credit program includes other benefits, such as a 365-day return policy 
and, for our Pros, commercial fuel rewards and extended payment terms. In fiscal 2017, our customers opened 
approximately 4.4 million new The Home Depot private label credit accounts, and at the end of fiscal 2017 the 
total number of The Home Depot active account holders was approximately 15 million. PLCC sales accounted for 
approximately 23% of net sales in fiscal 2017.
We strive to provide an outstanding customer experience by putting customers first and taking care of our 
associates. Our customer experience begins with excellent customer service, and our associates are key to 
delivering on that experience. Our goal is to remove complexity and inefficient processes from the stores to allow 
our associates to focus on our customers. In fiscal 2017, we continued to invest in freight handling capabilities as 
part of an end-to-end initiative to optimize how product flows from suppliers to our shelves. Among other benefits, 
this initiative improves our on-shelf availability while decreasing the amount of time a store associate spends 
locating product on the receiving dock or in overhead storage. In addition, we are implementing a new order 
management system called “Order Up” to consolidate certain of our existing legacy systems into a simple and 
intuitive user interface. These efforts will allow our associates to devote more time to the customer and make 
working at The Home Depot a better experience. 
At the end of fiscal 2017, we employed approximately 413,000 associates, of whom approximately 28,000 were 
salaried, with the remainder compensated on an hourly or temporary basis. To attract and retain qualified 
personnel, we seek to maintain competitive salary and wage levels in each market we serve. We also have a 
number of programs to recognize stores and individual associates for exceptional customer service. In fiscal 
2017, we announced a one-time bonus to our U.S. hourly associates in light of the benefit we expect to receive 
from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This bonus was in addition to our semi-annual Success Sharing bonus 

2

program for our non-management associates. We measure associate satisfaction regularly, and we believe that 
our employee relations are very good.
Interconnected Experience: Stores to Online, and Online to Stores
Our customers are shopping and interacting with us differently today than they did several years ago. As a result, 
we have taken a number of steps to provide our customers with a seamless and frictionless shopping experience 
across our stores, online, on the job site, and in their homes. 
Our stores are the hub of our business, and we are investing to improve the convenience and speed of the 
customer shopping experience in our stores. For several years, our associates have used FIRST phones, our 
web-enabled handheld devices, to help expedite the online order checkout process, locate products in the aisles 
and online, and check inventory on hand. In fiscal 2017, we empowered our customers with additional self-help 
tools. For example, we invested in a better digital navigation experience through store-specific maps, which allow 
customers to pinpoint the exact location of an item on their mobile devices. 
We have also undertaken a number of store pilots in response to customer feedback around navigation and 
checkout. These pilots include new, more intuitive signage, better lighting, and a redesign of the front end of our 
store. As part of these store pilots, we added self-service lockers at the front entrance to offer convenient pick up 
of online orders. We plan to roll out these store pilots more broadly to our U.S. stores over the next several years.
We continued to make investments in our website and mobile apps. Enhancements to these digital properties are 
critical for our increasingly interconnected customers who research products online and then go into one of our 
stores to view the products in person or talk to an associate before making their purchase. While in the store, 
customers may also go online to access ratings and reviews, compare prices, view our extended assortment and 
purchase products. During fiscal 2017, we implemented a new e-commerce platform, enhanced our search and 
mobile functionality, increased checkout speed, and expanded chat functionality with our online contact centers. 
We have also begun to focus on voice-enabled commerce to further remove friction for our customers in-store 
and online. 
We do not view the customer experience as a specific transaction; rather, it encompasses an entire process from 
inspiration and know-how, to purchase and fulfillment, to post-purchase care and support. Further, we believe that 
by connecting our stores to online and online to our stores, we drive sales not just in-store but also online. In fiscal 
2017, we saw increased traffic to our online properties and improved online sales conversion rates. Sales from 
our online channels increased over 21% during fiscal 2017. We will continue to leverage our physical and digital 
assets in a seamless and frictionless way to enhance the end-to-end customer experience.
Connect Products and Services to Customer Needs
We strive to be the number one retailer in product authority in home improvement by delivering product 
innovation, assortment and value and by offering a range of home improvement services. In fiscal 2017, we 
continued to introduce a wide range of innovative new products to our DIY and Pro customers, while remaining 
focused on offering everyday values in our stores and online. We also made two strategic acquisitions to further 
enhance our offerings to our customers.
A typical The Home Depot store stocks approximately 30,000 to 40,000 products during the year, including both 
national brand name and proprietary items. To enhance our merchandising capabilities, we continued to make 
improvements to our information technology tools in fiscal 2017 to better understand our customers, provide more 
localized assortments to fit customer demand, and optimize space to dedicate the right square footage to the right 
products in the right location.
Our online product offerings complement our stores by serving as an extended aisle, and we offer a significantly 
broader product assortment through our websites, including homedepot.com and blinds.com. In fiscal 2017, we 
expanded our offering of online décor categories though our acquisition of The Company Store, an online retailer 
of textiles and décor products. We also routinely use our merchandising tools to refine our online assortment to 
balance the extended choice with a more curated offering. 
In fiscal 2017, we introduced a number of innovative and distinctive products to our customers at attractive 
values. Examples of these new products include EGO® 56V cordless self-propelled mowers; PPG® Timeless™ 
paint; Samsung® Activewash™ high-efficiency washers; and Leviton® smart lighting controls.
During fiscal 2017, we continued to offer value to our customers through a wide range of our proprietary and 
exclusive brands. Highlights of these offerings include Husky® hand tools, tool storage and work benches, water 

3

resistant gloves, dual beam flashlights, diamond tip screwdrivers, 15-in-1 screwdriver/nut drivers, and 3/8 inch 
drive digital torque wrenches; Hampton Bay® lighting, ceiling fans and kitchen cabinets; Glacier Bay® bath fixtures 
and toilets, featuring a SuperClean™ toilet; LifeProof® flooring including carpet, carpet with PetProof® technology, 
laminate and vinyl flooring; EcoSmart® lighting, featuring all-glass LED light bulbs; Vigoro® lawn care products; 
and RIDGID® and Ryobi® power tools, featuring Ryobi® 40V cordless push mowers. We will continue to assess 
our merchandising departments and product lines for opportunities to expand the assortment of products offered 
within The Home Depot’s portfolio of proprietary and exclusive brands. 
We also offer a number of services for our customers. As noted above under “Our Customers,” we provide a 
number of special programs for our Pro customers to meet their particular needs, and for our DIY and DIFM 
customers, we provide a number of installation services. In fiscal 2017, we enhanced our tool rental offering 
through our acquisition of Compact Power. Currently, we offer tool and equipment rentals at over 1,000 locations 
across the U.S. and Canada, providing value and convenience for both our Pro and DIY customers.
Connect Product to Shelf, Site and Customer
We continue to drive productivity and efficiency by building best-in-class competitive advantages in our 
information technology and supply chain. These efforts are designed to ensure product availability for our 
customers while managing our costs, which results in higher returns for our shareholders. Given the changing 
needs of our customers, our goal is to create the fastest and most efficient delivery capabilities in home 
improvement. During fiscal 2017, we continued to lay the groundwork to meet this goal.
We centrally forecast and replenish over 97% of our products through sophisticated inventory management 
systems and a network of over 200 distribution centers. This network includes multiple distribution center 
platforms in the U.S., Canada and Mexico tailored to meet the needs of our stores and customers based on the 
types of products, location, transportation and delivery requirements. These platforms primarily include rapid 
deployment centers, stocking distribution centers, bulk distribution centers, and direct fulfillment centers.
In addition to our distribution centers, we leverage our almost 2,000 U.S. stores as a network of convenient 
customer pick-up, return and delivery fulfillment locations. For customers who shop online and wish to pick-up or 
return merchandise at, or have merchandise delivered from, our U.S. stores, we have fully implemented our four 
interconnected retail programs, BOPIS, BOSS, BORIS and BODFS, which we believe provide us with a 
competitive advantage. For example, as of the end of fiscal 2017, over 45% of our U.S. online orders were picked 
up in the store. Efficient delivery is also key. We have developed specialized capabilities for delivering building 
materials, which is particularly important to our Pro customers. During fiscal 2017, we implemented new and 
improved delivery capabilities from our stores, including two- and four-hour delivery windows, and we piloted van 
and car options for faster delivery on small orders in certain markets.  
A key component of this strategy is enabled through our technology portfolio, which consists of a network of 
systems that help us centrally manage customer orders and optimize where, when and how we fulfill them in 
order to maximize speed, efficiency, and the customer’s experience. During fiscal 2017, we continued to improve 
COM, our customer order management platform, and we completed the rollout of our delivery management 
system, which substantially improves our ability to sell and execute deliveries from our stores.
We recognize that our customers’ expectations are changing rapidly and that our supply chain needs to be 
responsive to their expectations for how, when and where they choose to receive our products and services. We 
will continue to improve the productivity and connectivity across our supply chain platforms to achieve the fastest, 
most efficient delivery capabilities in home improvement. We refer to this process, which encompasses a multi-
year effort, as One Home Depot Supply Chain.
Competition. Our industry is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. As a result, we face competition for our 
products and services from a variety of retailers, suppliers, and service providers, ranging from traditional brick-
and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online. In each of the markets we serve, there are a number of other 
home improvement retailers; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With 
respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount 
stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, paint stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent 
building supply stores, MRO companies, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of 
home improvement services and tool and equipment rental.
We compete, both in-store and online, primarily based on customer experience, price, quality, availability, 
assortment, and delivery options.  With respect to our stores, we also compete based on store location and 

4

appearance as well as presentation of merchandise. Our customers routinely use computers, tablets, 
smartphones and other mobile devices to shop online, read product reviews, and compare prices, products, and 
delivery options, regardless of whether they shop in-store or online. Further, online and multichannel retailers are 
increasingly focusing on delivery services, with customers seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price 
or free shipping. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, 
including the success of our investments to build One Home Depot Supply Chain. 
Innovate Our Business Model and Value Chain
In the changing retail environment, we must increase our investments to position our Company for the future. Our 
customers view us as One Home Depot, and expect us to function in an interconnected, seamless manner. To 
fully realize the One Home Depot experience, we will continue to connect the various aspects of our business; 
leverage our scale; and invest in our physical locations, our digital properties, our associates, product and 
innovation, our Pro and DIY customers, our services business, and our supply chain. Underlying all of these 
investments is our continued investment in information technology, which provides the backbone of the One 
Home Depot experience.
We continue to focus on driving productivity throughout the business. This process includes lowering our costs 
and reinvesting in the business to drive higher sales, creating what we refer to as a virtuous cycle. Through 
technology development, we drive productivity and speed. By focusing on the elimination of waste across the 
value chain, improved processes, and enabling those processes through simplified systems, we support a cycle 
of productivity. This virtuous cycle has allowed us to improve the customer experience, increase our 
competitiveness in the market, and deliver on shareholder value.
Our strategy to create the One Home Depot experience is driven by our desire to create value for all 
stakeholders, including our customers, our associates, our supplier partners, the communities we serve, and our 
shareholders. We are accelerating our investments in the business within our disciplined approach to capital 
allocation. Our first use of cash has been and will continue to be investing in our business, with use of the 
remainder guided by our shareholder return principles:

•  Dividend Principle. We target a dividend payout of approximately 55% of prior year earnings, with the goal 

of increasing our dividend every year. 

•  Return on Invested Capital Principle. Our goal is to maintain a high return on invested capital, 

benchmarking all uses of excess liquidity against the value created for our shareholders through share 
repurchases.

•  Share Repurchase Principle. After meeting the needs of the business, we use excess cash to repurchase 

shares as long as it is value creating.

In fiscal 2017, we drove higher returns on invested capital, which allowed us to return value to shareholders 
through $8.0 billion in share repurchases and $4.2 billion in cash dividends, as discussed in Item 7, 
"Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

Other Information

Sustainability Efforts
The Home Depot is committed to sustainable business practices – from the products that we offer to our 
customers, to the environmental impact of our operations, to our sourcing activities, to our involvement within the 
communities in which we do business. We believe these efforts continue to be successful in creating value for our 
customers, shareholders, and communities.
Environmentally Preferred Products and Programs. We offer a growing selection of environmentally preferred 
products, which supports sustainability and helps our customers save energy, water and money. Through our Eco 
Options® Program introduced in 2007, we have helped our customers more easily identify products that meet 
specifications for energy efficiency, water conservation, healthy home, clean air and sustainable forestry. As of the 
end of fiscal 2017, our Eco Options® Program included over 20,000 products. Through this program, we sell 
ENERGY STAR® certified appliances, LED light bulbs, tankless water heaters, and other products that enable our 
customers to save on their utility bills. We estimate that in fiscal 2017 we helped customers save over $1 billion in 
electricity costs through sales of ENERGY STAR® certified products. We also estimate our customers saved over 
79 billion gallons of water resulting in over $700 million in water bill savings in fiscal 2017 through the sales of our 
WaterSense®-labeled bath faucets, showerheads, aerators, toilets, and irrigation controllers. 

5

In 2017, we announced new customer energy, greenhouse gas emissions, and water goals, anchored by our sale 
of ENERGY STAR® and WaterSense® products. We are committed to providing innovative products that, through 
proper use, will help to reduce North American customers’ electricity costs by more than $2.8 billion; greenhouse 
gas emissions by 20 million metric tons; and water consumption by 250 billion gallons by 2020. Our 2017 
Responsibility Report, available on our website at https://corporate.homedepot.com/responsibility, describes many 
of our other environmentally preferred products that promote energy efficiency, water conservation, clean air, and 
a healthy home. In 2017, we also updated our wood purchasing policy to require FSC certification for wood 
products from the Amazon or Congo basins.
We continue to offer store recycling programs in the U.S., such as an in-store compact fluorescent light, or CFL, 
bulb recycling program launched in 2008. This service is offered to customers free of charge and is available in all 
U.S. stores. We also maintain an in-store rechargeable battery recycling program. Launched in 2001 and currently 
done in partnership with Call2Recycle, this program is also available to customers free of charge in all U.S. 
stores. Through our recycling programs, in fiscal 2017 we helped recycle over 980,000 pounds of CFL bulbs and 
over 1.1 million pounds of rechargeable batteries. In fiscal 2017, we also recycled over 200,000 lead acid 
batteries collected from our customers under our lead acid battery exchange program, as well as over 230,000 
tons of cardboard through a nationwide cardboard recycling program across our U.S. operations. We believe our 
environmentally-preferred product selection and our recycling efforts drive sales, which in turn benefits our 
shareholders, in addition to our customers, the communities in which we work and live, and the environment.
Commitment to Sustainability and Environmentally Responsible Operations. The Home Depot also focuses 
on sustainable operations and is committed to conducting business in an environmentally responsible manner. 
This commitment impacts all areas of our operations, including energy usage, supply chain and packaging, and 
store construction and maintenance. In 2015, we announced two major sustainability commitments for 2020. Our 
first goal is to reduce our U.S. stores’ energy use by 20% over 2010 levels, and our second goal is to produce and 
procure, on an annual basis, 135 megawatts of energy for our stores through renewable or alternate energy 
sources, such as wind, solar and fuel cell technology. As of the end of fiscal 2017, we have 49 stores with solar 
rooftop power and over 200 fuel cell systems that are either operational or in development, which puts us on track 
to exceed both of our goals before the end of 2020. We are committed to implementing strict operational 
standards that establish energy efficient operations in all of our U.S. facilities and continuing to invest in 
renewable and alternative energy. Additionally, we implemented a rainwater reclamation project in our stores in 
2010. As of the end of fiscal 2017, 145 of our stores used reclamation tanks to collect rainwater and condensation 
from HVAC units and garden center roofs, which is in turn used to water plants in our outside garden centers. Our 
2017 Responsibility Report, which uses the Global Reporting Initiative, or GRI, framework for sustainability 
reporting, provides more information on sustainability efforts in other aspects of our operations.
Awards and Recognition. Our commitment to corporate sustainability has resulted in a number of environmental 
awards and recognitions. In 2017, we received three significant awards from the EPA. The ENERGY STAR® 
division named us "Retail Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence" for our overall excellence in energy 
efficiency, and we received the WaterSense® Sustained Excellence Award for our overall excellence in water 
efficiency. We also received the EPA’s "SmartWay Excellence Award," which recognizes The Home Depot as an 
industry leader in freight supply chain environmental performance and energy efficiency. We also participate in the 
CDP (formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project) reporting process. CDP is an independent, international, 
not-for-profit organization providing a global system for companies and cities to measure, disclose, manage and 
share environmental information. In 2017, we received a score of A- from CDP, reflecting a high level of action on 
climate change mitigation, adaptation and transparency. We also were named an industry leader by CDP. 
Sourcing and Quality Assurance
We maintain a global sourcing program to obtain high-quality and innovative products directly from manufacturers 
around the world. During fiscal 2017, in addition to our U.S. sourcing operations, we maintained sourcing offices 
in Mexico, Canada, China, India, Southeast Asia and Europe. Our suppliers are obligated to ensure that their 
products comply with applicable international, federal, state and local laws. In addition, we have both quality 
assurance and engineering resources dedicated to establishing criteria and overseeing compliance with safety, 
quality and performance standards for our proprietary branded products. We also have a global supplier SER 
program designed to ensure that suppliers adhere to high standards of social and environmental responsibility.

6

Safety
We are strongly committed to maintaining a safe shopping and working environment for our customers and 
associates. Our EH&S function is dedicated to ensuring the health and safety of our customers and associates, 
with trained associates who evaluate, develop, implement and enforce policies, processes and programs on a 
Company-wide basis. Our EH&S policies are woven into our everyday operations and are part of The Home 
Depot culture. Some common program elements include: daily store inspection checklists (by department); 
routine follow-up audits from our store-based safety team members and regional, district and store operations 
field teams; equipment enhancements and preventative maintenance programs to promote physical safety; 
departmental merchandising safety standards; training and education programs for all associates, with varying 
degrees of training provided based on an associate’s role and responsibilities; and awareness, communication 
and recognition programs designed to drive operational awareness and understanding of EH&S issues.
Intellectual Property
Our business has one of the most recognized brands in North America. As a result, we believe that The Home 
Depot® trademark has significant value and is an important factor in the marketing of our products, e-commerce, 
stores and business. We have registered or applied for registration of trademarks, service marks, copyrights and 
internet domain names, both domestically and internationally, for use in our business, including our expanding 
proprietary brands such as HDX®, Husky®, Hampton Bay®, Home Decorators Collection®, Glacier Bay® and 
Vigoro®. We also maintain patent portfolios relating to some of our products and services and seek to patent or 
otherwise protect innovations we incorporate into our products or business operations.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to seasonal influences. Generally, our highest volume of sales occurs in our second fiscal 
quarter, and the lowest volume occurs either during our first or fourth fiscal quarter.
Available Information
Our internet website is www.homedepot.com. We make available on the Investor Relations section of our website, 
free of charge, our Annual Reports to shareholders, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on 
Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments to those 
reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such documents with, or furnishing such documents to, the 
SEC.
We include our website addresses throughout this report for reference only. The information contained on our 
websites is not incorporated by reference into this report.
Other Financial Information
For information on key financial highlights, including historical revenues, profits and total assets, see the 
"Selected Financial Data" on page F-1 of this report and Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations." For information on net sales by major merchandising department 
(and related services) and net sales and long-lived assets outside of the U.S., see Note 2 to the consolidated 
financial statements included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and incorporated herein 
by reference.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors.
The risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition 
and results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. 
You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in 
Item 8. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report generally 
because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Those factors could cause results to differ materially 
from our expectations.
Strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could 
decrease our market share.
Our industry is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. As a result, we face competition for our products and 
services from a variety of retailers, suppliers, and service providers, ranging from traditional brick-and-mortar, to 

7

multichannel, to exclusively online. In each of the markets we serve, there are a number of other home 
improvement retailers; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect 
to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, local, 
regional and national hardware stores, paint stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building 
supply stores, MRO companies, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home 
improvement services and tool and equipment rental. 
We compete, both in-store and online, primarily based on customer experience, price, quality, availability, 
assortment, and delivery options.  With respect to our stores, we also compete based on store location and 
appearance as well as presentation of merchandise. Our customers routinely use computers, tablets, 
smartphones and other mobile devices to shop online, read product reviews, and compare prices, products, and 
delivery options, regardless of whether they shop in-store or online. Further, online and multichannel retailers are 
increasingly focusing on delivery services, with customers seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price 
or free shipping. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, 
including the success of our investments in One Home Depot Supply Chain, and our failure to successfully 
manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products 
and our profit margins.
We use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more 
effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. 
Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional 
pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, 
could affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and 
appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior customer 
experience or maintenance of effective marketing, advertising or promotional programs, our market share and our 
financial performance could be adversely affected.
We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations or trends, which could 
adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and 
services, and our market share.
The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in 
demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions or natural 
disasters, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining an excellent customer experience. It 
is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. In addition, each of our 
primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a 
particular customer group change. We also need to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to 
appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group. If we do not successfully differentiate 
the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of – or within – a customer group, we may 
lose market share with respect to those customers.
Customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also 
becoming more demanding. As noted above, customers routinely use technology and mobile devices to rapidly 
compare products and prices, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. Once products are 
purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick, 
timely, and low-price or free delivery. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the 
purchasing process. We have our BOSS, BOPIS, BODFS and direct fulfillment delivery options, but we cannot 
guarantee that these or future programs will be implemented successfully or that we will be able to meet customer 
expectations on delivery times, options and costs. Customers are also using social media to provide feedback 
and information about our Company and products and services in a manner that can be quickly and broadly 
disseminated. To the extent a customer has a negative experience and shares it over social media, it may impact 
our brand and reputation.
Further, we have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to 
deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. Our investments in our stores may not deliver the 
relevant shopping experience our customers expect. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our 
customers and associates. Failure to maintain our stores, utilize our store space effectively, and offer a safe 
shopping environment; to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing 
consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to provide quick and low-price or free 
delivery alternatives; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; and to effectively 

8

implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment could adversely affect our relationship with 
customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates while also 
controlling our labor costs.
Our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. To meet the 
needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of highly qualified 
associates while at the same time controlling labor costs. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous 
external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of 
legislation or regulations governing labor relations, minimum wage, or healthcare benefits. An inability to provide 
wages and/or benefits that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our 
ability to retain and attract employees. Conversely, changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect 
our labor costs. In addition, we compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly 
positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job 
satisfaction. These positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and 
retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or 
retain highly qualified associates in the future.
A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business.
We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party 
service providers, to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. In managing our 
business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of and consistent access to this data for information 
such as sales, customer data, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment and order fulfillment. For these 
information technology systems and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must 
periodically maintain and update them. Our systems and the third-party systems on which we rely are subject to 
damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications 
failures; computer viruses; security breaches; cyber-attacks, including the use of ransomware; catastrophic 
events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage 
errors by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we and our third-party service 
providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise 
of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts may not be successful. As a 
result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key 
portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations and be costly, 
time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy.
Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy 
and give rise to negative customer experiences.
Through our information technology developments, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and 
interconnected retail experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, 
tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices. We use our websites and our mobile app both as sales channels 
for our products and also as methods of providing inspiration, as well as product, project, and other relevant 
information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. We have multiple online communities and 
knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. Multichannel retailing is 
continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer preferences and new 
developments. We continually seek to enhance all of our online properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly 
interface for our customers, as evidenced by our recent re-platform of our homedepot.com website. Disruptions, 
failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that 
they provide to our online and in-store business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers. 
The implementation of our store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives could 
disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or 
might fail.
We recently announced our intent to substantially increase our investments to create the One Home Depot 
experience, including significant investments over the next five years to build a One Home Depot Supply Chain. 
These initiatives are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-
quality service to our customers, simplify customer interaction, provide our customers with a more interconnected 
retail experience, and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. The cost 

9

and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those 
associated with managing third-party service providers, employing new web-based tools and services, and 
addressing impacts on inventory levels, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term, 
lead to product availability issues, and impact profitability. Further, accomplishing these initiatives will require a 
substantial investment in additional information technology personnel and other specialized personnel. We may 
face significant competition in the market for these resources and may not be successful in our hiring efforts. 
Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could 
disrupt our operations. In addition, our store and interconnected retail initiatives, enhanced supply chain, and new 
or upgraded information technology systems might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than 
expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether, each of which could adversely 
impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could 
adversely impact our business.
A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a 
timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, 
increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result from damage or 
destruction to our distribution centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; trade policy changes or 
restrictions; tariffs or import-related taxes; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shipping 
capacity constraints; third-party contract disputes; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; military conflicts; acts 
of terrorism; or other factors beyond our control. Any such disruption could negatively impact our financial 
performance or financial condition.
If our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, supplier and Company 
information are not successful, we could incur substantial costs and reputational damage and could 
become subject to litigation and enforcement actions.
Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of customers’ personal 
information, preferences, and payment card information, as well as other confidential information, such as 
personal information about our associates and our suppliers and confidential Company information. We also work 
with third-party service providers and vendors that provide technology, systems and services that we use in 
connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of this information. Our information systems, and those of 
our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data 
protection and cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our 
information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. 
Hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or 
manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. The methods used to 
obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and 
evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have implemented and regularly 
review and update systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data 
and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and 
vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security 
environment, as well as those of any companies we acquire. There is no guarantee that these measures will be 
adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. As we 
experienced in connection with the data breach we discovered in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 (the "Data 
Breach"), any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of 
customer, associate, supplier or Company data, could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate and 
remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. In addition, as the regulatory 
environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, 
with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements 
could also result in significant costs.
We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or 
theft, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business.
We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, PayPal, our 
private label credit cards, an installment loan program, trade credit, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment 
options over time. Acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations 
and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards 

10

and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. These requirements may change 
over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult or costly. For certain payment methods, including 
credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating 
costs. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, 
debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these companies become unable to provide these services 
to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. The payment methods that we 
offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, 
seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. If we fail 
to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is 
compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing 
banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate 
certain types of payments may be impaired. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment 
types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may 
result in higher costs. As a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
Uncertainty regarding the housing market, economic conditions, political climate and other factors 
beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing 
business, and our financial performance.
Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction and home 
improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. 
Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, the economy or the political climate could adversely 
impact our customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing them to determine not to purchase home 
improvement products and services, causing them to delay purchasing decisions, or impacting their ability to pay 
for products and services. Other factors beyond our control – including unemployment and foreclosure rates; 
inventory loss due to theft; interest rate fluctuations; fuel and other energy costs; labor and healthcare costs; the 
availability of financing; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer 
credit; weather; natural disasters; acts of terrorism; and other conditions beyond our control – could further 
adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial 
performance.
If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if our 
suppliers experience financial difficulties or other challenges, our ability to timely and efficiently access 
products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected.
We buy our products from suppliers located throughout the world. Our ability to continue to identify and develop 
relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as 
well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge. Our ability to 
access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, acts of 
terrorism, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, 
tariffs, currency exchange rates, any disruptions in our suppliers’ logistics or supply chain networks or information 
technology systems, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers’ control.
If we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers 
of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to 
differentiate ourselves from our competitors.
As part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with 
selected suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. We have also developed 
relationships with selected suppliers to allow us to market proprietary products that are comparable to national 
brands. Our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers, generally carry higher margins than national 
brand products, and represent a growing portion of our business. If we are unable to manage and expand these 
alliances and relationships or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, 
we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin 
results.
Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with 
customers and negatively impact our sales and results of operations.
Product and service quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our Company. 
If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations 

11

regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial 
and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. Actual, potential or perceived product safety 
concerns could expose us to litigation, as well as government enforcement actions, and result in costly product 
recalls and other liabilities. We seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and 
insurance coverage from our vendors. If we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance 
available, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Even with adequate insurance and indemnification, our reputation as a provider of high quality 
products and services, including both national brand names and our proprietary products, could suffer, damaging 
our reputation and impacting customer loyalty. In addition, we and our customers have expectations around 
responsible sourcing. All of our vendors and service providers must comply with our SER standards, which cover 
a variety of expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency, sources 
of supply, and child and forced labor. We have an SER audit process, but we are also dependent on our vendors 
and service providers to ensure that the products and services we provide comply with our standards.
Our proprietary products subject us to certain increased risks.
As we expand our proprietary product offerings, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role 
in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products. The risks include greater responsibility to 
administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements, increased potential product liability and product 
recall exposure, and increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of those products. 
To effectively execute on our product differentiation strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our 
proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. In 
addition, an increase in sales of our proprietary products may adversely affect sales of our vendors’ products, 
which in turn could adversely affect our relationships with certain of our vendors. Any failure to appropriately 
address some or all of these risks could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations, and financial condition.
If we are unable to manage effectively our installation services business, we could suffer lost sales and 
be subject to fines, lawsuits and reputational damage, or the loss of our general contractor licenses.
We act as a general contractor to provide installation services to our DIFM customers through professional third-
party installers. As such, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, 
which include management of licensing, permitting and quality of work performed by our third-party installers. We 
have established processes and procedures to manage these requirements and ensure customer satisfaction 
with the services provided by our third-party installers. However, if we fail to manage these processes effectively 
or to provide proper oversight of these services, we could suffer lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and governmental 
enforcement actions for violations of regulatory requirements, as well as for property damage or personal injury. In 
addition, we may suffer damage to our reputation or the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could 
adversely affect our business.
Our strategic transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition 
and results of operation, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions.
We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments, 
alliances, and other growth and market expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will 
result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies and various other benefits. Assessing the viability and 
realizing the benefits of these transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. In fiscal 2015, we acquired 
Interline, which we believe has enhanced our ability to serve our Pros. In fiscal 2017, we acquired Compact 
Power and The Company Store to expand our product and service offerings. With these and any other 
acquisitions, we need to successfully integrate each target company’s products, services, associates and systems 
into our business operations. Integration can be a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is 
not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies or 
benefits of the acquisition. Furthermore, even if the target companies are successfully integrated, the acquisitions 
may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with 
respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional liabilities. Any impairment of goodwill or other 
intangible assets acquired in a strategic transaction may reduce our earnings.

12

Our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or 
adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations.
We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our 
business. In recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, and there has been 
expanded enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies. These laws 
and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of 
factors, including political, economic or social events. Changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new 
federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements; other wage, 
labor or workplace regulations; healthcare; data protection and cybersecurity; the sale of some of our products; 
transportation; logistics; international trade; supply chain transparency; taxes; unclaimed property; energy costs; 
or environmental matters, including with respect to our installation services business, could increase our costs of 
doing business or impact our operations. 
In fiscal 2017, Congress enacted the Tax Act, which significantly changes how the U.S. taxes corporations. The 
Tax Act requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required under U.S. tax law, 
significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the Tax Act, significant estimates in 
calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. The 
U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how 
provisions of the Tax Act will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretations. The 
ultimate impact of the Tax Act on us may differ from our current estimates due to changes in interpretations and 
assumptions made by us as well as the issuance of any further regulations or guidance that may alter the 
operation of the U.S. federal income tax code. As we complete our analysis of the Tax Act, we may make 
adjustments to provisional amounts that we have recorded that may impact our provision for income taxes in the 
period in which the adjustments are made. Further, uncertainties also exist in terms of how U.S. states and 
foreign countries within which we operate will react to these U.S. federal income tax changes, which could have 
additional impacts on our effective tax rate.
If we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not 
be successful in our international operations and our sales and profit margins may be negatively 
impacted.
Our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in, and source products and materials from, international 
markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our U.S. operations, as well as unique costs and 
difficulties of managing international operations. Our international operations, including any expansion in 
international markets, may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign 
operations and other foreign legal and regulatory constraints, as well as political and economic conditions. Risks 
inherent in international operations also include, among others, potential adverse tax consequences; potential 
tariffs and other import-related taxes and controls; greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights; risks 
associated with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery law compliance; and challenges in our 
ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. In addition, our operations in international markets create risk 
due to foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates, which may adversely impact our sales and 
profit margins.
The inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, our sales 
and our profit margins.
Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are 
subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, 
competition, market speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant 
changes in commodity prices may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
We may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance.
We are predominantly self-insured for a number of different risk categories, such as general liability (including 
product liability), workers' compensation, employee group medical, automobile claims, and network security and 
privacy liability, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks. The types and amounts of insurance may 
vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. The 
occurrence of significant claims, a substantial rise in costs to maintain our insurance, or the failure to maintain 
adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

13

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management 
related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial 
condition.
Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines 
and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as revenue 
recognition, asset impairment, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, inventories, lease obligations, 
self-insurance, tax matters and litigation, are complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and 
judgments. Changes in accounting standards or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, 
estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial 
condition.
We are involved in a number of legal, regulatory and governmental enforcement proceedings, and while 
we cannot predict the outcomes of those proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of 
these outcomes may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs.
We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and regulatory matters, including government inquiries and 
investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation that arise from time to time in the ordinary 
course of business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome of some of these proceedings and 
other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could adversely affect our 
operations or could result in excessive adverse verdicts. Additionally, involvement in these lawsuits, investigations 
and inquiries, and other proceedings may involve significant expense, divert management’s attention and 
resources from other matters, and impact the reputation of the Company.
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.
Not applicable.
Item 2.  Properties.
The percentage of our owned and leased facilities that were operating at the end of fiscal 2017, along with the 
total square footage, follows.

square footage in millions
Stores (1)
Warehouses and distribution centers (2)
Offices and other

Total

—————
(1)  Our owned stores include those subject to ground leases.
(2)  Located in 48 states or provinces.

Owned

Leased

Total Square

Footage

90%
4%
21%

10%
96%
79%

237.4
55.0
4.3
296.7

14

Our U.S. store locations at the end of fiscal 2017 follow.

U.S.
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri

Stores
28
7
56
14
232
46
29
9
1
153
90
1
7
11
76
24
10
16
14
28
11
41
45
70
33
14
34

Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

Total U.S.

Stores
6
8
21
20
67
13
100
40
2
70
16
27
70
9
8
25
1
39
179
22
3
2
49
45
6
27
5
1,980

15

Our store locations outside of the U.S. at the end of fiscal 2017 follow.

Canada
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Total Canada

Stores
27
26
6
3
1
4
88
1
22
4
182

Mexico
Aguascalientes
Baja California
Baja California Sur
Campeche
Chiapas
Chihuahua
Coahuila
Colima
Distrito Federal
Durango
Guanajuato
Guerrero
Hidalgo
Jalisco
Michoacán
Morelos
Nayarit
Nuevo León
Oaxaca
Puebla
Queretaro
Quintana Roo
San Luis Potosi
Sinaloa
Sonora
State of Mexico
Tabasco
Tamaulipas
Tlaxcala
Veracruz
Yucatan
Zacatecas

Total Mexico

Stores
2
5
2
2
2
6
5
2
10
1
5
2
1
7
4
3
1
10
1
5
3
3
2
5
4
14
1
5
1
5
2
1
122

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
For a description of the claims and investigations related to the Data Breach that we discovered in the third 
quarter of fiscal 2014, see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, "Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data," which description is incorporated herein by reference.
SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state or local 
environmental provisions if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions of 
$100,000 or more.
In February 2018, we received a letter from the California South Coast Air Quality Management District 
("SCAQMD") regarding allegations that we sold certain non-compliant paint thinners and solvents from 2010 to 
2015 in violation of applicable rules. We are currently in discussions with SCAQMD. Although we cannot predict 
the outcome of this matter, we do not expect the outcome to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated 
financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

16

As previously reported, in January 2017, we became aware of an investigation by the EPA’s criminal investigation 
division into our compliance with lead-safe work practices for certain jobs performed through our installation 
services business. We have also previously responded to civil document requests from several EPA regions. We 
are continuing to cooperate with the EPA.
As previously reported, in November 2013, we received subpoenas from the District Attorney of Alameda County, 
California, working with various District Attorneys and the California Attorney General’s office (collectively, the 
"District Attorneys"), seeking documents and information relating to our disposal of hazardous waste at our 
California facilities. The District Attorneys sought monetary penalties and certain changes to our operations with 
respect to the disposal of hazardous waste in California. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the Alameda County 
Superior Court approved a settlement agreement among the parties to resolve this matter for an aggregate of 
$21 million in penalties, costs, and supplemental environmental projects; the obligation to perform other 
environmental compliance activities in lieu of additional penalties; and certain injunctive relief.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities.
Since April 19, 1984, our common stock has been listed on the NYSE, trading under the symbol "HD". We paid 
our first cash dividend on June 22, 1987 and have paid a cash dividend during each subsequent quarter. While 
we currently expect a cash dividend to be paid in the future, future dividend payments will depend on our 
earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors considered relevant by our Board of 
Directors.
The table below sets forth the high and low closing sales prices of our common stock on the NYSE and the 
quarterly cash dividend declared per share for the periods indicated.

 
 
Fiscal 2017:
First quarter ended April 30, 2017
Second quarter ended July 30, 2017
Third quarter ended October 29, 2017
Fourth quarter ended January 28, 2018

Fiscal 2016:
First quarter ended May 1, 2016
Second quarter ended July 31, 2016
Third quarter ended October 30, 2016
Fourth quarter ended January 29, 2017

Price Range

High

Low

Cash Dividend

Declared 
Per Share

$

$

$

$

156.12
158.81
167.65
207.23

136.80
138.24
138.77
138.46

$

$

136.49
144.58
147.49
162.71

111.85
124.67
122.26
119.89

0.89
0.89
0.89
1.03

0.69
0.69
0.69
0.89

At March 2, 2018, there were approximately 114,000 holders of record of our common stock and approximately 
2,053,000 additional "street name" holders whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial 
institutions.

17

Stock Performance Graph

The graph and table below present our cumulative total shareholder returns relative to the performance of the 
S&P Retail Composite Index and the S&P 500 Index for the five most recent fiscal years. The graph assumes 
$100 was invested at the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE and in each index on the last trading 
day of fiscal 2012, and assumes that all dividends were reinvested on the date paid. The points on the graph 
represent fiscal year-end amounts based on the last trading day in each fiscal year.

— — The Home Depot

— — S&P Retail Composite Index

— — S&P 500 Index

The Home Depot
S&P Retail Composite Index
S&P 500 Index

Fiscal Year Ended

February 3,

2013

February 2,

2014

February 1,

2015

January 31,

2016

January 29,

2017

January 28,

2018

$ 100.00
100.00
100.00

$ 116.59
125.28
119.90

$ 161.86
150.45
136.95

$ 198.89
175.72
136.03

$ 223.43
208.32
164.40

$ 342.43
302.55
209.93

18

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Since the inception of our initial share repurchase program in fiscal 2002 through the end of fiscal 2017, we have 
repurchased shares of our common stock having a value of approximately $75.1 billion. The number and average 
price of shares purchased in each fiscal month of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 follow. 

Dollar Value of Shares

that May Yet Be
Purchased Under
the Program (2)

Total Number of

Average 
Price Paid
Per Share (1)

Total Number of
Part of Publicly

Shares Purchased as
Announced Program (2)
739,162
3,905,783
6,822,816
11,467,761

Period
Oct. 30, 2017 – Nov. 26, 2017
Nov. 27, 2017 – Dec. 24, 2017
Dec. 25, 2017 – Jan. 28, 2018
Total
—————
(1)  These amounts include repurchases pursuant to our Amended and Restated 2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive 

Shares Purchased (1)
753,441
3,906,875
6,824,118
11,484,434

9,052,805,480
14,280,001,110
12,945,001,270

198.52
184.34
195.67
192.00

$

$

Plan and our 1997 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (collectively, the "Plans"). Under the Plans, participants may 
surrender shares as payment of applicable tax withholding on the vesting of restricted stock and deferred 
share awards. Participants in the Plans may also exercise stock options by surrendering shares of common 
stock that the participants already own as payment of the exercise price. Shares so surrendered by 
participants in the Plans are repurchased pursuant to the terms of the Plans and applicable award agreement 
and not pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs.

(2)  In February 2017, our Board of Directors authorized a $15.0 billion share repurchase program that replaced 

the previous authorization, of which approximately $9.1 billion remained available at the end of November 
2017. In December 2017, our Board of Directors authorized a new $15.0 billion share repurchase program 
that replaced the February 2017 authorization. This new repurchase program does not have a prescribed 
expiration date. At the end of fiscal 2017, approximately $12.9 billion of the December 2017 authorization 
remained available.

Sales of Unregistered Securities

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, we issued 471 deferred stock units under the Home Depot, Inc. 
Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan pursuant to the exemption from registration provided 
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of the SEC’s Regulation D thereunder. The deferred stock 
units were credited to the accounts of those non-employee directors who elected to receive all or a portion of 
board retainers in the form of deferred stock units instead of cash during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. The 
deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis following a termination of service 
as described in this plan.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, we credited 1,045 deferred stock units to participant accounts under the 
Restoration Plan pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act for involuntary, 
non-contributory plans. The deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis 
following a termination of service as described in this plan.
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to page F-1 of this report.
Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations.
Our MD&A includes the following sections:

•  Executive Summary
•  Results of Operations
• 
•  Critical Accounting Policies

Liquidity and Capital Resources

19

Highlights of our annual financial performance follow.

Executive Summary

dollars in millions, except per share data
Net sales
Net earnings
Diluted earnings per share

Net cash provided by operating activities
Proceeds from long-term debt, net of discounts
Repayments of long-term debt
Repurchases of common stock

Fiscal
2017

$ 100,904
8,630
7.29

Fiscal
2016

$ 94,595
7,957
6.45

Fiscal
2015

$ 88,519
7,009
5.46

$

$

$ 12,031
2,991
543
8,000

9,783
4,959
3,045
6,880

9,373
3,991
39
7,000

We reported net sales of $100.9 billion in fiscal 2017. Net earnings were $8.6 billion, or $7.29 per diluted share, 
and reflected the following:

• 

• 

In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, three hurricanes impacted our operations in the continental U.S., Puerto 
Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Hurricane-related sales contributed approximately $662 million to net 
sales in the second half of fiscal 2017. The gross profit on these hurricane-related sales was considerably 
less than the Company average. We also incurred approximately $170 million of hurricane-related 
expenses in the second half of fiscal 2017.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, we paid a one-time cash bonus to our U.S. hourly associates, which 
negatively impacted net earnings by $72 million and reduced diluted earnings per share by approximately 
$0.06. 

•  On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act, which included a reduction in the U.S. 
federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% and a transition to a modified territorial system.  As a result of 
the enactment of the Tax Act, we recorded a net $127 million charge in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.  
This charge resulted in a $0.11 reduction to diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2017 (see Note 5 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion).

•  Results for fiscal 2017 also reflected a benefit of $106 million to our provision for income taxes for share-

based payment awards resulting from the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock 
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" in the first 
quarter of fiscal 2017. This benefit contributed $0.09 to diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2017.

We opened three new stores in the U.S. and three new stores in Mexico during fiscal 2017, for a total store count 
of 2,284 at January 28, 2018. At the end of fiscal 2017, a total of 304 of our stores, or 13.3%, were located in 
Canada and Mexico. Total sales per square foot were $417.02 in fiscal 2017, and our inventory turnover ratio was 
5.1 times at the end of fiscal 2017. 
In February 2017, our Board of Directors increased our targeted dividend payout ratio to 55% of prior-year diluted 
earnings per share. Also in February 2017, our Board of Directors authorized a $15.0 billion share repurchase 
program that replaced the previous authorization. In December 2017, our Board of Directors authorized a new 
$15.0 billion share repurchase program that replaced the February 2017 authorization. During fiscal 2017, we 
repurchased a total of 49.5 million shares of our common stock for $8.0 billion through ASR agreements and open 
market transactions. In February 2018, we announced a 15.7% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $1.03 
per share.
We generated $12.0 billion of cash flow from operations during fiscal 2017. This cash flow, along with $3.0 billion 
of long-term debt and $850 million of net short-term borrowings in fiscal 2017, was used to repay $500 million of 
floating rate senior notes that matured in September 2017, fund cash payments of $8.0 billion for share 
repurchases, pay $4.2 billion of cash dividends, fund $1.9 billion in capital expenditures, and acquire Compact 
Power and The Company Store.
Our ROIC was 34.2% for fiscal 2017. We define ROIC as NOPAT, a non-GAAP financial measure, for the most 
recent twelve-month period, divided by the average of beginning and ending long-term debt (including current 

20

installments) and equity for the most recent twelve-month period. For a reconciliation of NOPAT to net earnings, 
the most comparable GAAP financial measure, and our calculation of ROIC, see the "Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures" section below.

Results of Operations

The tables and discussion below should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and 
related notes included in this report. We believe the percentage relationship between net sales and major 
categories in our consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in the associated dollar 
amounts, are relevant to an evaluation of our business.

dollars in millions
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative
Depreciation and amortization

Total operating expenses

Operating income
Interest and other (income) expense:
Interest and investment income
Interest expense

Interest and other, net

Earnings before provision for income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net earnings
—————
Note: Certain percentages may not sum to totals due to rounding. 

$

Fiscal
2017

% of Net
Sales

Fiscal
2016

% of Net
Sales

Fiscal
2015

% of Net
Sales

$

$ 100,904
34,356

17,864
1,811
19,675
14,681

34.0%

17.7
1.8
19.5
14.5

(74)
1,057
983
13,698
5,068
8,630

(0.1)
1.0
1.0
13.6
5.0
8.6% $

$

$ 94,595
32,313

17,132
1,754
18,886
13,427

(36)
972
936
12,491
4,534
7,957

$

$ 88,519
30,265

16,801
1,690
18,491
11,774

34.2%

18.1
1.9
20.0
14.2

—
1.0
1.0
13.2
4.8
8.4% $

(166)
919
753
11,021
4,012
7,009

% Change

34.2%

19.0
1.9
20.9
13.3

(0.2)
1.0
0.9
12.5
4.5
7.9%

Fiscal
2017

Fiscal
2016

Fiscal
2015

Fiscal

2017 vs. 2016

Selected financial and sales data:
Comparable sales increase (%) (1)
Comparable customer transactions increase (%) (1)
Comparable average ticket increase (%) (1)
Customer transactions (in millions) (1)
Average ticket (1)
Sales per square foot (1)
Diluted earnings per share
—————
(1)  Does not include results for Interline, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2015.

6.8%
2.2%
4.5%
1,578.6
$63.06
$417.02
$7.29

5.6%
2.8%
2.7%
1,544.0
$60.35
$390.78
$6.45

5.6%
4.0%
1.6%
1,500.8
$58.77
$370.55
$5.46

N/A
N/A
N/A
2.2%
4.5%
6.7%
13.0%

Fiscal

2016 vs. 2015

N/A
N/A
N/A
2.9%
2.7%
5.5%
18.1%

Fiscal 2017 Compared to Fiscal 2016
Sales. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales.
Net Sales. Net sales for fiscal 2017 increased $6.3 billion, or 6.7%, to $100.9 billion. The increase in net sales in 
fiscal 2017 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by increased customer transactions 
and average ticket growth. Hurricane-related sales contributed approximately $662 million to net sales in the 
second half of fiscal 2017. 

21

Comparable Sales. Comparable sales is a measure that highlights the performance of our existing locations and 
websites by measuring the change in sales for a period over the comparable, prior-period of equivalent length. 
Comparable sales includes sales at all locations, physical and online, open greater than 52 weeks (including 
remodels and relocations) and excluding closed stores. Retail stores become comparable on the Monday 
following their 365th day of operation. Acquisitions, digital or otherwise, are included after we own them for 
greater than 52 weeks (with the exception of Interline which is excluded from comparable sales). Comparable 
sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance 
with GAAP. 
Total comparable sales increased 6.8% in fiscal 2017. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of 
factors, including the execution of our strategy and broad-based growth across our stores and online. Online 
sales, which consist of sales generated online through our websites for products picked up in our stores or 
delivered to customer locations, represented 6.7% of net sales and grew 21.5% during fiscal 2017. All of our 
merchandising departments posted positive comparable sales except for one, which was flat in fiscal 2017. 
Comparable sales for our Lumber, Electrical, Tools, Appliances, Flooring, Building Materials, and Indoor Garden 
merchandising departments were above the Company average during fiscal 2017. Our comparable customer 
transactions increased 2.2% during fiscal 2017. Further, our comparable average ticket increased 4.5% in 
fiscal 2017, due in part to strong sales in big ticket purchases in certain merchandising departments, such as 
Appliances and Flooring. 
Gross Profit. Gross profit increased $2.0 billion, or 6.3%, to $34.4 billion in fiscal 2017. Gross profit as a percent 
of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.0% in fiscal 2017 compared to 34.2% in fiscal 2016. The modest 
decline in gross profit margin for fiscal 2017 reflected the impact of lower margin hurricane-related sales and 
higher shrink, partially offset by benefits from our supply chain. 
Operating Expenses. Our operating expenses are composed of SG&A and depreciation and amortization.
Selling, General & Administrative. SG&A increased $732 million, or 4.3%, to $17.9 billion in fiscal 2017 and 
included approximately $170 million of hurricane-related expenses. As a percent of net sales, SG&A was 17.7% 
for fiscal 2017 compared to 18.1% for fiscal 2016. The decrease in SG&A as a percent of net sales for 
fiscal 2017 reflected expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable sales environment and continued 
expense control.
Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization increased $57 million, or 3.2%, in fiscal 2017. The 
decrease in depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales to 1.8% in fiscal 2017 from 1.9% in 
fiscal 2016 reflected expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable sales environment.
Interest and Other, net. Interest and other, net, was $983 million for fiscal 2017 compared to $936 million for 
fiscal 2016. Interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 1.0% for both fiscal 2017 and 2016 and reflected 
additional interest expense in fiscal 2017 resulting from higher long-term debt balances in fiscal 2017, offset by 
higher interest income in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016.
Provision for Income Taxes. Our combined effective income tax rate was 37.0% for fiscal 2017 compared to 
36.3% for fiscal 2016. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2017 reflected a net $127 million charge resulting 
from the enactment of the Tax Act. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2017 also reflected a $106 
million benefit to our provision for income taxes for share-based payment awards as a result of our adoption of 
ASU No. 2016-09 (see Note 1 and Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion).
Diluted Earnings per Share. Diluted earnings per share were $7.29 for fiscal 2017 compared to $6.45 for 
fiscal 2016. Diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2017 included a benefit of $0.09 per share as a result of the 
adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, as well as decreases of $0.11 per share due to the net tax charge recorded in 
connection with the enactment of the Tax Act and $0.06 per share due to the one-time bonus payment to hourly 
associates made as a result of the Tax Act. 

Fiscal 2016 Compared to Fiscal 2015
Sales.
Net Sales. Net sales for fiscal 2016 increased $6.1 billion, or 6.9%, to $94.6 billion. The increase in net sales for 
fiscal 2016 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by increased customer transactions 
and average ticket growth, as well as sales from Interline, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. 

22

The increase in net sales was partially offset by pressure from a stronger U.S. dollar, which negatively impacted 
total sales growth by $549 million in fiscal 2016.
Comparable Sales. Total comparable sales increased 5.6% for fiscal 2016, which reflected a number of factors, 
including the execution of our strategy, improved strength across our business, and an improved U.S. home 
improvement market. Online sales represented 5.9% of net sales and grew 19.3% during fiscal 2016. All of our 
merchandising departments posted positive comparable sales for fiscal 2016. Comparable sales for our 
Appliances, Tools, Lumber, Lighting, Décor, Building Materials, and Indoor Garden merchandising departments 
were above the Company average for fiscal 2016. Further, our comparable customer transactions increased 2.8% 
for fiscal 2016 and comparable average ticket increased 2.7% for fiscal 2016, due in part to strong sales in big 
ticket purchases in merchandising departments such as Appliances, Flooring, and Roofing, offset in part by a 
stronger U.S. dollar.
Gross Profit. Gross profit for fiscal 2016 increased $2.0 billion, or 6.8%, to $32.3 billion. Gross profit as a percent 
of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.2% for both fiscal 2016 and 2015. Gross profit margin for fiscal 2016 
reflected the impact of product mix changes, offset by benefits from our supply chain driven by increased 
productivity, and benefits from reaching higher levels of co-op allowances and rebates in certain category classes.
Operating Expenses. 
Selling, General & Administrative. SG&A for fiscal 2016 increased $331 million, or 2.0%, to $17.1 billion. SG&A 
included Data Breach-related pretax expenses of $37 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $128 million of pretax net 
expenses in fiscal 2015. As a percent of net sales, SG&A was 18.1% for fiscal 2016 compared to 19.0% for fiscal 
2015. The decrease in SG&A as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2016 reflected expense leverage resulting from 
the positive comparable sales environment and strong expense control. 
Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization for fiscal 2016 increased $64 million, or 3.8%, to 
$1.8 billion. Depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales was 1.9% for both fiscal 2016 and 2015. 
Depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2016 reflected minor expense leverage resulting 
from the positive comparable sales environment.
Interest and Other, net. In fiscal 2016, we recognized $936 million of interest and other, net, compared to $753 
million for fiscal 2015. Interest and other, net, for fiscal 2015 included a $144 million pretax gain related to the sale 
of our remaining equity ownership in HD Supply. Interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 1.0% for 
fiscal 2016 compared to 0.9% for fiscal 2015 due primarily to the HD Supply pretax gain in fiscal 2015 noted 
above and higher long-term debt balances in fiscal 2016. 
Provision for Income Taxes. Our combined effective income tax rate was 36.3% for fiscal 2016 and 36.4% for 
fiscal 2015. 
Diluted Earnings per Share. Diluted earnings per share were $6.45 for fiscal 2016 compared to $5.46 for fiscal 
2015. Expenses related to the Data Breach resulted in decreases of $0.02 and $0.06 to diluted earnings per 
share for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. The gain on the sale of our remaining equity ownership in HD Supply 
contributed a benefit of $0.07 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures
To provide clarity, internally and externally, about our operating performance, we supplement our reporting with 
certain non-GAAP financial measures. However, this supplemental information should not be considered in 
isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures. Non-GAAP financial measures presented herein may 
differ from similar measures used by other companies.
Return on Invested Capital. We believe ROIC is meaningful for investors and management because it measures 
how effectively we deploy our capital base. We define ROIC as NOPAT, a non-GAAP financial measure, for the 
most recent twelve-month period, divided by average debt and equity.  We define average debt and equity as the 
average of beginning and ending long-term debt (including current installments) and equity for the most recent 
twelve-month period.

23

The calculation of ROIC, together with a reconciliation of NOPAT to net earnings (the most comparable GAAP 
measure), follows.

dollars in millions
Net earnings
Interest and other, net
Provision for income taxes
Operating income
Income tax adjustment (1)

NOPAT

Average debt and equity

Fiscal
2017
8,630
983
5,068
14,681
(5,432)
9,249

$

$

Fiscal
2016
7,957
936
4,534
13,427
(4,874)
8,553

$

$

Fiscal
2015
7,009
753
4,012
11,774
(4,286)
7,488

$

$

$ 27,074

$ 27,203

$ 26,663

ROIC
—————
(1)  Income tax adjustment is defined as operating income multiplied by our effective tax rate.

34.2%

31.4%

28.1%

Additional Information
For information on accounting pronouncements that have impacted or are expected to materially impact our 
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial 
statements.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Operating Activities. Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. Our 
operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make 
for products and services, employee compensation, operations and occupancy costs.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased $2.2 billion in fiscal 2017 and increased $410 million in fiscal 
2016, and primarily reflected an increase in net earnings, excluding changes in working capital and non-cash 
items from operations. The increase in earnings resulted from higher comparable sales and expense leverage in 
both fiscal years.

24

Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Working capital at 
any specific point in time is subject to many variables, including seasonality, inventory management and category 
expansion, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms, and fluctuations in foreign exchange 
rates.
Investing Activities. Cash used in investing activities primarily reflected:

• 

• 
• 

$1.9 billion of capital expenditures for investments in our business and $374 million cash paid in 
connection with the acquisitions of Compact Power and The Company Store in fiscal 2017;
$1.6 billion of capital expenditures for investments in our business in fiscal 2016; and
$1.7 billion paid in connection with the acquisition of Interline and $1.5 billion of capital expenditures for 
investments in our business in fiscal 2015.

Financing Activities. Cash used in financing activities primarily reflected:

• 

• 

• 

$8.0 billion of share repurchases and $4.2 billion of cash dividends paid, partially offset by $3.3 billion of 
net proceeds from short- and long-term borrowings in fiscal 2017; 
$6.9 billion of share repurchases and $3.4 billion of cash dividends paid, partially offset by $2.3 billion of 
net proceeds from short- and long-term borrowings in fiscal 2016; and
$7.0 billion of share repurchases and $3.0 billion of cash dividends paid, partially offset by $4.0 billion of 
net proceeds from short- and long-term borrowings in fiscal 2015. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year. At January 28, 2018, we had $3.6 billion in cash and cash 
equivalents, of which $3.2 billion was held by our foreign subsidiaries. We believe that our current cash position, 
access to the long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not 
only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund 
dividend payments, share repurchases, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal 
years. In addition, we have funds available from our commercial paper programs and the ability to obtain 
alternative sources of financing. 
Debt and Derivatives
In December 2017, we increased the borrowing capacity of our commercial paper programs from $2.0 billion to 
$3.0 billion. All of our short-term borrowings in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 were under these commercial paper 
programs. In connection with these programs, we have back-up credit facilities with a consortium of banks for 
borrowings up to $3.0 billion. In December 2017, we replaced our five-year $2.0 billion credit facility that was 
scheduled to expire in December 2019, with a new, substantially identical five-year $2.0 billion credit facility that 
expires in December 2022. In addition, we added a separate 364-day $1.0 billion credit facility that expires in 
December 2018. At January 28, 2018, we were in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the credit 
facilities, and none are expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources. At January 28, 2018 and January 29, 
2017, there were $1.6 billion and $710 million, respectively, of borrowings outstanding under the commercial 
paper programs. We also issue senior notes from time to time.
We use derivative financial instruments in the management of our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies 
and interest rates on certain long-term debt. See Note 4 and Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for 
further discussion of our debt and derivative agreements.
Leases
We use capital and operating leases to finance a portion of our real estate, including our stores, distribution 
centers, and store support centers. See Note 3 and Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further 
discussion of our capital and operating leases.
Share Repurchases
In fiscal 2017, we repurchased 49.5 million shares of our common stock for $8.0 billion through ASR agreements 
and open market transactions. In February 2017, our Board of Directors authorized a $15.0 billion share 
repurchase program that replaced the previous authorization. In December 2017, our Board of Directors 
authorized a new $15.0 billion share repurchase program that replaced the February 2017 authorization. See 
Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchases.

25

Contractual Obligations
Our significant contractual obligations at January 28, 2018 were as follows:

 

in millions
Short-term debt
Long-term debt – principal payments (1)
Long-term debt – interest payments (2)
Capital lease obligations (3)
Operating lease obligations
Purchase obligations (4)
Unrecognized tax benefits (5)
Total

Total

$

1,559
24,750
15,167
1,753
7,138
1,634
187
$ 52,188

Payments Due by Period

Less than 

1 Year

1 to 
3 Years

3 to 
5 Years

More Than 

5 Years

$

— $

— $

$

$

1,559
1,150
914
147
921
1,123
187
6,001

2,750
1,739
298
1,655
269
—
6,711

$

3,600
1,526
264
1,276
110
—
6,776

$

—
17,250
10,988
1,044
3,286
132
—
$ 32,700

—————
(1)  Excludes capital lease obligations.
(2)  Interest payments are calculated at current interest rates, including the impact of active interest rate swaps.
(3)  Includes $769 million of imputed interest.
(4)  Purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm commitments for inventory purchases, 

utility purchases, capital expenditures, software acquisitions and license commitments, and legally binding 
service contracts. Purchase orders that are not binding agreements are excluded from the table above.

(5)  Excludes $450 million of noncurrent unrecognized tax benefits due to uncertainty regarding the timing of 

future cash tax payments.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have operating leases for a portion of our real estate and other assets that are not reflected in our 
consolidated balance sheets.

Critical Accounting Policies

Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. The following 
discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the 
portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require significant judgment or use of 
significant assumptions or complex estimates.
Merchandise Inventories
We value the substantial majority of our inventory under the retail inventory method, using the first-in, first-out 
method, with the remainder of our inventories valued under a cost method. Under the retail inventory method, 
inventories are stated at cost, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of 
inventories. The retail value of our inventory is adjusted as needed to reflect current market conditions. Because 
these adjustments are based on current prevailing market conditions, the value of our inventory approximates the 
lower of cost or market.
As the valuation under the retail inventory method is based on estimates such as markups, markdowns, and 
inventory losses (or shrink), there exists an inherent uncertainty in the final determination of inventory cost and 
gross profit. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood for a material change in the estimates or 
assumptions we use to value our inventory under the retail inventory method. We believe that the retail inventory 
method provides an inventory valuation which approximates cost and results in valuing our inventory at the lower 
of cost or market.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
We evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. Indicators of impairment 
include current period losses combined with a history of losses, our decision to relocate or close a store or other 
location before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when changes in other circumstances indicate the 
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the 

26

lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. The assets of a store with 
indicators of impairment are evaluated for recoverability by comparing its undiscounted future cash flows with its 
carrying value. Our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables 
such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition, and inflation. 
If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted future cash flows, we then measure the asset’s fair value to 
determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized. If the resulting fair value is less than the carrying 
value, an impairment loss is recognized. We generally base our estimates of fair market value on market 
appraisals of owned locations and estimates of the amount of potential sublease income and the time required to 
sublease for leased locations. Impairments and lease obligation costs on closings and relocations were not 
material to our consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2017.
Self-Insurance
We have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability (including product liability), workers’ 
compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. Our self-insured 
retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers’ compensation, and 
automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million, and $1 million, respectively. We have no stop loss limits for 
self-insured employee group medical claims. Our liabilities represent estimates of the ultimate cost for claims 
incurred at the balance sheet date. The estimated liabilities are not discounted and are established based upon 
analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. The liabilities are reviewed by management and third-party 
actuaries on a regular basis to ensure that they are appropriate. While we believe these estimates are reasonable 
based on the information currently available, if actual trends, including the severity or frequency of claims, medical 
cost inflation or fluctuations in premiums, differ from our estimates, our results of operations could be impacted. 
Actual results related to these types of claims did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2017, 2016 
or 2015. 
Revenues
We recognize revenue, net of estimated returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of 
merchandise or when a service is performed. We estimate the liability for sales returns, including the estimated 
gross profit impact, based on our historical return levels and believe that our estimate for sales returns is a 
reasonable reflection of future returns. 
We defer revenue and the related gross profit for payments received from customers for which the customer has 
not yet taken possession of merchandise or we have not yet performed the service for the customer. This amount 
is recorded as deferred revenue. We estimate the gross profit related to deferred revenue using historical rates, 
which we believe to be a reasonable reflection of future rates. If these estimates significantly differ from actual 
amounts, our net sales and gross profit could be adversely impacted.
Vendor Allowances 
Vendor allowances primarily consist of volume rebates that are earned as a result of attaining certain purchase 
levels and co-op advertising allowances for the promotion of vendors’ products that are typically based on 
guaranteed minimum amounts with additional amounts being earned for attaining certain purchase levels. These 
vendor allowances are accrued as earned, with those allowances received as a result of attaining certain 
purchase levels accrued over the incentive period based on estimates of purchases. We believe that our estimate 
of vendor allowances earned based on expected volume of purchases over the incentive period is an accurate 
reflection of the ultimate allowance to be received from our vendors. 
Volume rebates and certain co-op advertising allowances earned are initially recorded as a reduction in 
merchandise inventories and a subsequent reduction in cost of sales when the related product is sold. Certain co-
op advertising allowances that are reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to 
promote vendors’ products are recorded as an offset against advertising expense in SG&A.

27

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
Interest Rate Risk. We have exposure to interest rate risk in connection with our long-term debt portfolio. We use 
interest rate swap agreements to manage our fixed/floating rate debt portfolio. At January 28, 2018, after giving 
consideration to our interest rate swap agreements, floating rate debt principal was $1.75 billion, or approximately 
7% of our debt portfolio. A 1.0 percentage point change in the interest costs of floating-rate debt would not have a 
material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk. We are exposed to risks from foreign currency exchange rate 
fluctuations on the translation of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars and on the purchase of goods by these 
foreign operations that are not denominated in their local currencies. Revenues from these foreign operations 
accounted for approximately $8.5 billion of our revenue for fiscal 2017. Our exposure to foreign currency rate 
fluctuations is not material to our financial condition or results of operations.
Commodity Price Risk. We have experienced inflation and deflation related to our purchase of certain 
commodity products. We do not believe that changing prices for commodities have had a material effect on our 
net sales or results of operations. Although we cannot precisely determine the overall effect of inflation and 
deflation on operations, we do not believe inflation and deflation have had a material effect on our financial 
condition or results of operations.

28

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Note 2. Segment Reporting
Note 3. Property and Leases
Note 4. Debt and Derivative Instruments
Note 5. Income Taxes
Note 6. Stockholders' Equity
Note 7. Fair Value Measurements
Note 8. Employee Stock Plans
Note 9. Employee Benefit Plans
Note 10. Weighted Average Common Shares
Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies
Note 12. Interline Acquisition
Note 13. Investment in HD Supply
Note 14. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

30
31
32
33
34
35
36
36
42
43
44
47
51
51
52
54
55
55
56
56
56

29

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Stockholders and Board of Directors
The Home Depot, Inc.:

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of The Home Depot, Inc. and Subsidiaries as 
of January 28, 2018 and January 29, 2017, and the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive 
Income, Stockholders’ Equity, and Cash Flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended 
January 28, 2018 and the related notes (collectively, the "Consolidated Financial Statements"). In our opinion, the 
Consolidated Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Home 
Depot, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of January 28, 2018 and January 29, 2017, and the results of their operations and 
their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended January 28, 2018, in conformity with 
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) ("PCAOB"), The Home Depot, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 
2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 22, 2018 expressed an 
unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These Consolidated Financial Statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion on these Consolidated Financial Statements based on our audits. We are a public 
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements are 
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess 
the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to error or fraud, and 
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, 
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our audits also 
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as 
evaluating the overall presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that our audits provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ KPMG LLP
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1979.
Atlanta, Georgia
March 22, 2018

30

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

in millions, except per share data
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
Receivables, net
Merchandise inventories
Other current assets
Total current assets

Net property and equipment
Goodwill
Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
Short-term debt
Accounts payable
Accrued salaries and related expenses
Sales taxes payable
Deferred revenue
Income taxes payable
Current installments of long-term debt
Other accrued expenses
Total current liabilities

Long-term debt, excluding current installments
Deferred income taxes
Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Common stock, par value $0.05; authorized: 10,000 shares; issued: 1,780 shares at

January 28, 2018 and 1,776 shares at January 29, 2017

Paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Treasury stock, at cost, 622 shares at January 28, 2018 and 573 shares at January 29,

2017
Total stockholders’ equity
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

31

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

3,595
1,952
12,748
638
18,933
22,075
2,275
1,246
$ 44,529

$

2,538
2,029
12,549
608
17,724
21,914
2,093
1,235
$ 42,966

$

1,559
7,244
1,640
520
1,805
54
1,202
2,170
16,194
24,267
440
2,174
43,075

$

710
7,000
1,484
508
1,669
25
542
2,195
14,133
22,349
296
1,855
38,633

89
10,192
39,935
(566)

88
9,787
35,519
(867)

(48,196)
1,454
$ 44,529

(40,194)
4,333
$ 42,966

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS

in millions, except per share data
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit

Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative
Depreciation and amortization
Total operating expenses

Operating income
Interest and other (income) expense:
Interest and investment income
Interest expense
Interest and other, net

Earnings before provision for income taxes
Provision for income taxes

Net earnings

Basic weighted average common shares
Basic earnings per share

Diluted weighted average common shares
Diluted earnings per share

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Fiscal
2017

$ 100,904
66,548
34,356

Fiscal
2016

$ 94,595
62,282
32,313

Fiscal
2015

$ 88,519
58,254
30,265

17,864
1,811
19,675
14,681

(74)
1,057
983
13,698
5,068
8,630

1,178
7.33

1,184
7.29

$

$

$

17,132
1,754
18,886
13,427

(36)
972
936
12,491
4,534
7,957

1,229
6.47

1,234
6.45

$

$

$

16,801
1,690
18,491
11,774

(166)
919
753
11,021
4,012
7,009

1,277
5.49

1,283
5.46

$

$

$

32

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

in millions
Net earnings
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Cash flow hedges, net of tax
Other
Total other comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Fiscal
2017
8,630

$

Fiscal
2016
7,957

$

Fiscal
2015
7,009

$

311
(1)
(9)
301
8,931

$

(3)
34
—
31
7,988

$

(412)
(34)
—
(446)
6,563

$

33

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

in millions, except per share data
Common Stock:
Balance at beginning of year
Shares issued under employee stock plans

Balance at end of year

Paid-in Capital:
Balance at beginning of year
Shares issued under employee stock plans
Tax effect of stock-based compensation
Stock-based compensation expense

Balance at end of year

Retained Earnings:
Balance at beginning of year
Net earnings
Cash dividends ($3.56 per share in fiscal 2017, $2.76 per share in fiscal

2016, and $2.36 per share in fiscal 2015)

Other

Balance at end of year

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss):
Balance at beginning of year
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Cash flow hedges, net of tax
Other

Balance at end of year

Treasury Stock:
Balance at beginning of year
Repurchases of common stock

Balance at end of year

Total stockholders' equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Fiscal
2017

Fiscal
2016

Fiscal
2015

$

$

88
1
89

$

88
—
88

88
—
88

9,787
132
—
273
10,192

35,519
8,630

(4,212)
(2)
39,935

(867)
311
(1)
(9)
(566)

9,347
76
97
267
9,787

30,973
7,957

(3,404)
(7)
35,519

(898)
(3)
34
—
(867)

8,885
73
145
244
9,347

26,995
7,009

(3,031)
—
30,973

(452)
(412)
(34)
—
(898)

(40,194)
(8,002)
(48,196)
1,454

$

(33,194)
(7,000)
(40,194)
4,333

(26,194)
(7,000)
(33,194)
6,316

$

$

34

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

in millions
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net earnings
Reconciliation of net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization
Stock-based compensation expense
Gain on sales of investments

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisition effects:

Receivables, net
Merchandise inventories
Other current assets
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
Deferred revenue
Income taxes payable
Deferred income taxes
Other

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Capital expenditures, net of non-cash capital expenditures
Proceeds from sales of investments
Payments for businesses acquired, net
Proceeds from sales of property and equipment
Other investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from short-term debt, net
Proceeds from long-term debt, net of discounts
Repayments of long-term debt
Repurchases of common stock
Proceeds from sales of common stock
Cash dividends
Other financing activities

Net cash used in financing activities
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental Disclosures:
Cash paid for interest, net of interest capitalized
Cash paid for income taxes
Non-cash capital expenditures

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

35

Fiscal
2017

Fiscal
2016

Fiscal
2015

$

8,630

$

7,957

$

7,009

2,062
273
—

139
(84)
(10)
352
128
29
92
420
12,031

(1,897)
—
(374)
47
(4)
(2,228)

850
2,991
(543)
(8,000)
255
(4,212)
(211)
(8,870)
933
124
2,538
3,595

991
4,732
150

$

$

1,973
267
—

(138)
(769)
(48)
446
99
109
(117)
4
9,783

(1,621)
—
—
38
—
(1,583)

360
4,959
(3,045)
(6,880)
218
(3,404)
(78)
(7,870)
330
(8)
2,216
2,538

924
4,623
179

$

$

1,863
244
(144)

(181)
(546)
(5)
888
109
154
15
(33)
9,373

(1,503)
144
(1,666)
43
—
(2,982)

60
3,991
(39)
(7,000)
228
(3,031)
4
(5,787)
604
(111)
1,723
2,216

874
3,853
165

$

$

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Business
The Home Depot, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (the "Company," "Home Depot," "we," "our" or "us"), is a 
home improvement retailer that sells a wide assortment of building materials, home improvement products, lawn 
and garden products, and décor items and provides a number of services, in stores and online. We operate in the 
U.S., including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam, 
Canada, and Mexico. 
Consolidation and Presentation
Our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All 
significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain amounts in prior fiscal years 
have been reclassified to conform with the presentation adopted in the current fiscal year. Our fiscal year is a 52- 
or 53-week period ending on the Sunday nearest to January 31. Fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015 each included 52 
weeks. 
Use of Estimates
We have made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities, the 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses in preparing these 
financial statements in conformity with GAAP. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
Cash Equivalents
We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash 
equivalents. Our cash equivalents are carried at fair market value and consist primarily of money market funds.
Receivables
The components of receivables, net, follow. 

in millions
Card receivables
Rebate receivables
Customer receivables
Other receivables
Receivables, net

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

$

734
609
261
348
1,952

$

$

729
625
216
459
2,029

Card receivables consist of payments due from financial institutions for the settlement of credit card and debit 
card transactions. Rebate receivables represent amounts due from vendors for volume and co-op advertising 
rebates. Receivables due from customers relate to credit extended directly to customers by certain subsidiaries in 
the ordinary course of business. The valuation reserve related to accounts receivable was not material to our 
consolidated financial statements at the end of fiscal 2017 or 2016.
Merchandise Inventories
The majority of our merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market, as 
determined by the retail inventory method. As the inventory retail value is adjusted regularly to reflect market 
conditions, the inventory valued using the retail method approximates the lower of cost or market. Certain 
subsidiaries, including retail operations in Canada and Mexico, and distribution centers, record merchandise 
inventories at the lower of cost or market, as determined by a cost method. These merchandise inventories 
represent approximately 30% of the total merchandise inventories balance. We evaluate the inventory valued 
using a cost method at the end of each quarter to ensure that it is carried at the lower of cost or net realizable 
value. The valuation allowance for merchandise inventories valued under a cost method was not material to our 
consolidated financial statements at the end of fiscal 2017 or 2016.
Independent physical inventory counts or cycle counts are taken on a regular basis in each store and distribution 
center to ensure that amounts reflected in merchandise inventories are properly stated. Shrink (or in the case of 

36

excess inventory, "swell") is the difference between the recorded amount of inventory and the physical inventory. 
We calculate shrink based on actual inventory losses occurring as a result of physical inventory counts during 
each fiscal period and estimated inventory losses occurring between physical inventory counts. The estimate for 
shrink occurring in the interim period between physical inventory counts is calculated on a store-specific basis 
based on recent shrink results and current trends in the business. 
Property and Equipment, including Capitalized Lease Assets
Buildings, furniture, fixtures, and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method 
over their estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the 
original term of the lease or the useful life of the improvement, whichever is shorter. The estimated useful lives of 
our property and equipment follow.

 
Buildings
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
Leasehold improvements

Life

5 – 45 years
2 – 20 years
5 – 45 years

We capitalize certain costs related to the acquisition and development of software and amortize these costs using 
the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which is three to six years. Certain 
development costs not meeting the criteria for capitalization are expensed as incurred.
We evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. Indicators of impairment 
include current period losses combined with a history of losses, our decision to relocate or close a store or other 
location before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when changes in other circumstances indicate the 
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the 
lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. The assets of a store with 
indicators of impairment are evaluated for recoverability by comparing its undiscounted future cash flows with its 
carrying value. If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted future cash flows, we then measure the 
asset’s fair value to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized. If the resulting fair value is less 
than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the 
estimated fair value. Impairment losses are recorded as a component of SG&A. When a leased location closes, 
we also recognize, in SG&A, the net present value of future lease obligations less estimated sublease income. 
Impairments and lease obligation costs on closings and relocations were not material to our consolidated financial 
statements in fiscal 2017, 2016, or 2015.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. We do not amortize 
goodwill, but assess the recoverability of goodwill in the third quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if indicators 
warrant, by determining whether the fair value of each reporting unit supports its carrying value. Each fiscal year, 
we may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each 
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to complete 
quantitative impairment assessments, with a quantitative assessment completed at least once every three years. 
We completed our last quantitative assessment in fiscal 2016.
In fiscal 2017, we completed our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill for the U.S., Canada, and 
Mexico reporting units. We performed qualitative assessments, concluding that the fair value of the reporting units 
substantially exceeded the respective reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill. As a result, there were no 
impairment charges related to goodwill for fiscal 2017, 2016, or 2015. 

37

Changes in the carrying amount of our goodwill follow.

in millions
Goodwill, balance at beginning of year
Acquisitions
Other (1)
Goodwill, balance at end of year

—————
(1) Primarily reflects the impact of foreign currency translation. 

Fiscal
2017
2,093
164
18
2,275

$

$

Fiscal
2016
2,102
—
(9)
2,093

$

$

Fiscal
2015
1,353
788
(39)
2,102

$

$

We amortize the cost of other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which range up to 12 years, 
unless such lives are deemed indefinite. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested in the third quarter of 
each fiscal year for impairment, or more often if indicators warrant. Intangible assets are included in other assets.
Debt
Any premiums or discounts, as the case may be, associated with an issuance of long-term debt are recorded as a 
direct addition or deduction to the carrying value of the related senior notes and amortized over the term of those 
notes using the effective interest rate method. Debt issuance costs associated with an issuance of long-term debt 
are recorded as a direct deduction to the carrying value of the related senior notes and amortized over the term of 
those notes using the effective interest rate method.
Derivatives
We use derivative financial instruments in the management of our interest rate exposure on long-term debt and 
our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. For derivatives that are designated as hedges, changes in their fair 
values that are considered effective are either accounted for in earnings or recognized in other comprehensive 
income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings, depending on the nature of the hedge. Any 
ineffective portion of a derivative’s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings. Financial 
instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains or losses 
reported in earnings. All qualifying derivative financial instruments are recognized at their fair values in either 
assets or liabilities at the balance sheet date and are reported on a gross basis. The fair values of our derivative 
financial instruments are discussed in Note 4 and Note 7.
Insurance
We are self-insured for certain losses related to general liability (including product liability), workers’ 
compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims. We recognize the expected ultimate cost for 
claims incurred (undiscounted) at the balance sheet date as a liability. The expected ultimate cost for claims 
incurred is estimated based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. We also maintain network 
security and privacy liability insurance coverage to limit our exposure to losses such as those that may be caused 
by a significant compromise or breach of our data security. Insurance related expenses are included in SG&A. 
Treasury Stock 
Treasury stock is reflected as a reduction of stockholders' equity at cost. We use the weighted-average purchase 
cost to determine the cost of treasury stock that is reissued. 
Revenues
We recognize revenue, net of estimated returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of 
merchandise or when a service is performed. The liability for sales returns, including the impact to gross profit, is 
estimated based on historical return levels. 
Net sales include services revenue generated through a variety of installation, home maintenance, and 
professional service programs. In these programs, the customer selects and purchases material for a project, and 
we provide or arrange professional installation. These programs are offered through our stores and in-home sales 
programs. Under certain programs, when we provide or arrange the installation of a project and the subcontractor 
provides material as part of the installation, both the material and labor are included in services revenue. We 
recognize this revenue when the service for the customer is complete. 

38

When we receive payment from customers before the customer has taken possession of the merchandise or the 
service has been performed, the amount received is recorded as deferred revenue until the sale or service is 
complete. We also record deferred revenue for the sale of gift cards and recognize this revenue upon the 
redemption of gift cards in net sales. Gift card breakage income is recognized based upon historical redemption 
patterns and represents the balance of gift cards for which we believe the likelihood of redemption by the 
customer is remote.
Gift card breakage income, which is recognized as a reduction to SG&A, follows.

in millions
Gift card breakage income

Fiscal
2017

39

$

$

Fiscal
2016

34

Fiscal
2015

27

$

Cost of Sales
Cost of sales includes the actual cost of merchandise sold and services performed; the cost of transportation of 
merchandise from vendors to our distribution network, stores, or customers; shipping and handling costs from our 
stores or distribution network to customers; the operating cost and depreciation of our sourcing and distribution 
network and online fulfillment centers; and the cost of deferred interest programs offered through our PLCC 
programs.
Cost of Credit
We have agreements with third-party service providers who directly extend credit to customers, manage our 
PLCC program, and own the related receivables. We have evaluated the third-party entities holding the 
receivables under the program and concluded that they should not be consolidated. The agreement with the 
primary third-party service provider for our PLCC program expires in 2028, with us having the option, but no 
obligation, to purchase the receivables at the end of the agreement. The deferred interest charges we incur for 
our deferred financing programs offered to our customers are included in cost of sales. The interchange fees 
charged to us for our customers’ use of the cards and any profit sharing with the third-party service providers are 
included in SG&A. The sum of these three components is referred to as the cost of credit of the PLCC program. 
Vendor Allowances
Vendor allowances primarily consist of volume rebates that are earned as a result of attaining certain purchase 
levels and co-op advertising allowances for the promotion of vendors’ products that are typically based on 
guaranteed minimum amounts with additional amounts being earned for attaining certain purchase levels. These 
vendor allowances are accrued as earned, with those allowances received as a result of attaining certain 
purchase levels accrued over the incentive period based on estimates of purchases.
Volume rebates and certain co-op advertising allowances earned are initially recorded as a reduction in 
merchandise inventories and a subsequent reduction in cost of sales when the related product is sold. Certain co-
op advertising allowances that are reimbursements of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs incurred to 
promote vendors’ products are recorded as an offset against advertising expense in SG&A and were as follows: 

in millions
Specific, incremental, and identifiable co-op advertising allowances

Fiscal
2017

198

$

Fiscal
2016

166

$

Fiscal
2015

129

$

Advertising Expense
Television and radio advertising production costs, along with media placement costs, are expensed when the 
advertisement first appears. Gross advertising expense is included in SG&A. Certain co-op advertising 
allowances are recorded as an offset against advertising expense.

in millions
Gross advertising expense

Fiscal
2017

995

$

Fiscal
2016

955

$

Fiscal
2015

868

$

Income Taxes
Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. We provide for federal, state, and foreign 
income taxes currently payable, as well as for those deferred due to timing differences between reporting income 

39

and expenses for financial statement purposes versus tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement 
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which 
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in income tax rates is 
recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date.
We recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. 
Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being 
realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment 
occurs.
We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return which includes certain eligible subsidiaries. Non-U.S. 
subsidiaries and certain U.S. subsidiaries, which are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, are not eligible 
to be included in our consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Separate provisions for income taxes have 
been determined for these entities. For unremitted earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, we are required to make 
an assertion regarding reinvestment or repatriation for tax purposes. For any earnings that we do not make a 
permanent reinvestment assertion, we recognize a provision for deferred income taxes. For earnings where we 
have made a permanent reinvestment assertion, no provision is recognized. See Note 5 for further discussion.
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income includes net earnings adjusted for certain gains and losses that are excluded from net 
earnings under GAAP, which consists primarily of foreign currency translation adjustments.
Foreign Currency Translation
Assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the current rate of 
exchange on the last day of the reporting period. Revenues and expenses are translated using average exchange 
rates for the period and equity transactions are translated using the actual rate on the day of the transaction.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
ASU No. 2016-09. In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we adopted ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock 
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." Upon adoption of this 
update, all excess tax benefits or deficiencies related to share-based payment awards are recognized in the 
provision for income taxes in the period in which they occur. Previously these amounts were reflected in paid-in 
capital. In addition, upon adoption, these amounts are classified as an operating activity in our consolidated 
statements of cash flows in the period in which they occur. Previously, these amounts were reflected as a 
financing activity. Cash paid to tax authorities when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes will 
continue to be classified as a financing activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Stock-based 
compensation expense will continue to reflect estimated forfeitures of share-based awards. We have adopted the 
applicable provisions of ASU No. 2016-09 prospectively. 
As a result of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, we recognized $106 million of excess tax benefits related to 
share-based payment awards in our provision for income taxes during fiscal 2017. The recognition of these 
benefits contributed $0.09 to diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2017.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
ASU No. 2018-02. In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-02, "Income Statement - Reporting 
Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Income," which allows for an optional reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive 
income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects as a result of the Tax Act. ASU No. 2018-02 is effective for us 
in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and early adoption is permitted. Two transition methods are available: at the 
beginning of the period of adoption, or retrospective to each period in which the income tax effects of the Tax Act 
related to items remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income are recognized. We are evaluating the 
effect that ASU No. 2018-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
ASU No. 2017-12. In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12, "Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): 
Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities," which amends the hedge accounting recognition 
and presentation requirements. ASU No. 2017-12 eliminates the concept of recognizing periodic hedge 
ineffectiveness for cash flow and net investment hedges and allows an entity to apply the shortcut method to 

40

partial-term fair value hedges of interest rate risk. ASU No. 2017-12 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 
2019. Early adoption is permitted in any interim period after issuance of this update. We are evaluating the effect 
that ASU No. 2017-12 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
ASU No. 2017-04. In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, "Intangibles–Goodwill and Other (Topic 
350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment," which simplifies how an entity is required to test goodwill for 
impairment. The amendments in ASU No. 2017-04 require goodwill impairment to be measured using the 
difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the reporting unit and require the loss recognized to 
not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU No. 2017-04 should be applied on a 
prospective basis and is effective for our annual goodwill impairment tests beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 
2020. Early adoption is permitted. We have evaluated the effect that ASU No. 2017-04 will have on our 
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and noted no material impact.
ASU No. 2016-16. In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity 
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory," which requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of 
an intercompany transfer of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs. An entity will continue to 
recognize the income tax consequences of an intercompany transfer of inventory when the inventory is sold to a 
third party. ASU No. 2016-16 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 using a modified retrospective 
approach. We are evaluating the effect that ASU No. 2016-16 will have on our consolidated financial statements 
and related disclosures.
ASU No. 2016-02. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)," which requires an 
entity that is a lessee to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet. ASU No. 
2016-02 also requires disclosures about the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. 
ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 using a modified retrospective approach. 
Early adoption is permitted.
We are evaluating and planning for the adoption and implementation of ASU No. 2016-02. We believe that ASU 
No. 2016-02 will have a material impact on our financial position, as a result of the requirement to recognize right-
of-use assets and lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. The impact to our results of operations is 
being evaluated, and we do not believe there will be a material impact to our cash flows upon adoption of ASU 
No. 2016-02.
ASU No. 2014-09. In May 2014, the FASB issued a new ASU related to revenue recognition. Under ASU 
No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)," revenue is recognized when a customer 
obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to 
receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, ASU No. 2014-09 requires disclosure of the nature, 
amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. ASU No. 
2014-09 permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full 
retrospective method), or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at 
the date of initial application (modified retrospective method). ASU No. 2014-09 is effective for us in the first 
quarter of fiscal 2018.
We will adopt ASU No. 2014-09 in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 using the modified retrospective method. This 
adoption will not materially impact our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. Under ASU No. 
2014-09, we will change the presentation of certain expenses and cost reimbursements associated with our 
PLCC program, certain expenses related to the sale of our gift cards to customers, and gift card breakage 
income. We will also change our recognition of gift card breakage income to be recognized proportionately as 
redemption occurs, rather than based on historical redemption patterns. We are in the process of implementing 
changes to our processes, controls and systems in support of our adoption of ASU No. 2014-09.
Recent accounting pronouncements pending adoption not discussed above are either not applicable or are not 
expected to have a material impact on us.

41

2.  SEGMENT REPORTING
We currently conduct our retail operations in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, each of which represents one of our 
three operating segments. Our operating segments reflect the way in which internally-reported financial information 
is used to make decisions and allocate resources. For disclosure purposes, we aggregate these three operating 
segments into one reportable segment due to their similar operating and financial characteristics and how the 
business is managed.
The assets of each of our operating segments primarily consist of net property and equipment and merchandise 
inventories. Long-lived assets, classified by geography, follow.

in millions
Long-lived assets – in the U.S.
Long-lived assets – outside the U.S.
Total long-lived assets

January 28,

2018

$ 19,526
2,549
$ 22,075

January 29,

2017

January 31,

2016

$ 19,519 $ 19,846
2,345
$ 21,914 $ 22,191

2,395

No sales to an individual customer or country other than the U.S. accounted for more than 10% of revenue during 
any of the last three fiscal years. Net sales, classified by geography, follow.

in millions
Net sales – in the U.S.
Net sales – outside the U.S.
Net sales

Net sales by products and services follow.

in millions
Net sales – products (1)
Net sales – services (1)
Net sales

Fiscal
2017

$ 92,413
8,491
$ 100,904

Fiscal
2016

$ 86,615
7,980
$ 94,595

Fiscal
2015

$ 80,550
7,969
$ 88,519

Fiscal
2017

$ 95,956
4,948
$ 100,904

Fiscal
2016

$ 90,028
4,567
$ 94,595

Fiscal
2015

$ 84,130
4,389
$ 88,519

—————
(1) Certain sales were reclassified from products to services in fiscal 2017. Prior year amounts have been 
reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.

Major product lines and the related merchandising departments (and related services) follow.

Major Product Line
Building Materials
Décor
Hardlines

Merchandising Departments
Building Materials, Electrical, Lighting, Lumber, Millwork, and Plumbing
Appliances, Décor, Flooring, Kitchen and Bath, and Paint
Hardware, Indoor Garden, Outdoor Garden, and Tools

42

Net sales by merchandising department (and related services) follow.

dollars in millions
Appliances
Building Materials
Décor
Electrical (1)
Flooring
Hardware
Indoor Garden
Kitchen and Bath
Lighting (1)
Lumber
Millwork
Outdoor Garden
Paint
Plumbing
Tools
Total

Fiscal
2017

$

Net
Sales
8,147
7,342
3,057
5,037
7,078
5,891
9,639
7,377
4,409
7,790
5,382
7,030
7,990
7,356
7,379
$ 100,904

$

% of

 Net Sales
8.1
7.3
3.0
5.0
7.0
5.8
9.6
7.3
4.4
7.7
5.3
7.0
7.9
7.3
7.3

100.0% $

Fiscal
2016

Net
Sales
7,362
6,774
2,906
4,561
6,477
5,629
9,204
7,184
4,423
6,828
5,139
6,789
7,666
6,985
6,668
94,595

$

% of

Net Sales
7.8
7.2
3.1
4.8
6.8
6.0
9.7
7.6
4.7
7.2
5.4
7.2
8.1
7.4
7.0

100.0% $

Fiscal
2015

Net
Sales
6,539
6,416
2,730
4,291
6,215
5,296
8,227
6,909
4,249
6,284
4,937
6,505
7,497
6,364
6,060
88,519

% of

Net Sales
7.4
7.2
3.1
4.8
7.0
6.0
9.3
7.8
4.8
7.1
5.6
7.3
8.5
7.2
6.8

100.0%

—————
Note: Certain percentages may not sum to totals due to rounding.
(1) Certain products were reclassified from Electrical to Lighting in fiscal 2017. Prior year amounts have been 
reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.

3.  PROPERTY AND LEASES
Net Property and Equipment
The components of net property and equipment follow.

in millions
Land
Buildings
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
Leasehold improvements
Construction in progress
Capital leases
Property and equipment, at cost
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
Net property and equipment

$

January 28,

2018
8,352
18,073
11,506
1,637
538
1,308
41,414
19,339
$ 22,075

$

January 29,

2017
8,207
17,772
11,020
1,519
739
1,169
40,426
18,512
$ 21,914

Leases
We lease certain retail locations, office space, warehouse and distribution space, equipment, and vehicles. While 
most of the leases are operating leases, certain locations and equipment are leased under capital leases. As 
leases approach maturity, we consider various factors such as market conditions and the terms of any renewal 
options that may exist to determine whether we will renew or replace the lease. Short-term and long-term 
obligations for capital leases are included in the applicable long-term debt category based on maturity. 

43

Assets under capital leases (net of amortization) recorded in net property and equipment follow.

in millions
Capital leases, net

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

821

$

730

Certain lease agreements include escalating rents over the lease terms. Real estate taxes, insurance, 
maintenance, and operating expenses applicable to the leased property are our obligations under the lease 
agreements. We expense rent on a straight-line basis over the lease term, which commences on the date we 
have the right to control the property. The cumulative expense recognized on a straight-line basis in excess of the 
cumulative payments is included in other accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities. 
Our total rent expense follows.

in millions
Total rent expense

Fiscal
2017
1,053

$

Fiscal
2016

984

$

Fiscal
2015

922

$

The approximate future minimum lease payments under capital and operating leases at January 28, 2018 follow.

in millions
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2020
Fiscal 2021
Fiscal 2022
Thereafter through fiscal 2097

Less imputed interest
Net present value of capital lease obligations
Less current installments
Long-term capital lease obligations, excluding current installments

Operating
Leases

Capital
Leases

$

$

921
869
786
696
580
3,286
7,138

$

$

147
142
156
132
132
1,044
1,753
769
984
52
932

4.  DEBT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
Short-Term Debt
In December 2017, we increased the borrowing capacity of our commercial paper programs from $2.0 billion to 
$3.0 billion. All of our short-term borrowings in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 were under these commercial paper 
programs. In connection with these programs, we have back-up credit facilities with a consortium of banks for 
borrowings up to $3.0 billion. In December 2017, we replaced our five-year $2.0 billion credit facility that was 
scheduled to expire in December 2019, with a new, substantially identical five-year $2.0 billion credit facility that 
expires in December 2022. In addition, we added a separate 364-day $1.0 billion credit facility that expires in 
December 2018. 
Certain information on our commercial paper programs follows.

dollars in millions
Weighted average interest rate
Balance outstanding at fiscal year-end
Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end
Average daily short-term borrowings

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

$

1.45%
1,559
1,559
173

0.63%
710
710
51

44

Long-Term Debt
Components of our long-term debt follow.

in millions
Floating rate senior notes due September 2017; interest payable quarterly
2.25% Senior notes due September 2018; interest payable semi-annually
2.00% Senior notes due June 2019; interest payable semi-annually
Floating rate senior notes due June 2020; interest payable quarterly
1.80% Senior notes due June 2020; interest payable semi-annually
3.95% Senior notes due September 2020; interest payable semi-annually
4.40% Senior notes due April 2021; interest payable semi-annually
2.00% Senior notes due April 2021; interest payable semi-annually
2.625% Senior notes due June 2022; interest payable semi-annually
2.70% Senior notes due April 2023; interest payable semi-annually
3.75% Senior notes due February 2024; interest payable semi-annually
3.35% Senior notes due September 2025; interest payable semi-annually
3.00% Senior notes due April 2026; interest payable semi-annually
2.125% Senior notes due September 2026; interest payable semi-annually
2.80% Senior notes due September 2027; interest payable semi-annually
5.875% Senior notes due December 2036; interest payable semi-annually
5.40% Senior notes due September 2040; interest payable semi-annually
5.95% Senior notes due April 2041; interest payable semi-annually
4.20% Senior notes due April 2043; interest payable semi-annually
4.875% Senior notes due February 2044; interest payable semi-annually
4.40% Senior notes due March 2045; interest payable semi-annually
4.25% Senior notes due April 2046; interest payable semi-annually
3.90% Senior notes due June 2047; interest payable semi-annually
3.50% Senior notes due September 2056; interest payable semi-annually
Capital lease obligations; payable in varying installments through January 31, 2055
Total long-term debt
Less current installments of long-term debt
Long-term debt, excluding current installments

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

— $

1,137
998
499
748
501
998
1,343
1,243
996
1,093
995
1,287
986
993
2,949
495
988
988
978
977
1,584
738
971
984
25,469
1,202
24,267

$

$

499
1,151
996
—
—
509
997
1,341
1,241
996
1,092
994
1,286
984
—
2,947
495
988
988
978
976
1,584
—
971
878
22,891
542
22,349

September 2017 Issuance. In September 2017, we issued a single tranche of senior notes.

•  The tranche consisted of $1.0 billion of 2.80% senior notes due September 14, 2027 (the "2027 notes") at 

a discount of $3 million.
Issuance costs totaled $6 million.

• 

Interest on the 2027 notes is due semi-annually on March 14 and September 14 of each year, beginning March 
14, 2018. The net proceeds of the 2027 notes were used to repay our floating rate notes due September 15, 
2017, and for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of our common stock.
June 2017 Issuance. In June 2017, we issued three tranches of senior notes.

•  The first tranche consisted of $500 million of floating rate senior notes due June 5, 2020 (the "2020 

floating rate notes"). The 2020 floating rate notes bear interest at a variable rate determined quarterly 
equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 15 basis points. 

•  The second tranche consisted of $750 million of 1.80% senior notes due June 5, 2020 (the "2020 notes") 

at a discount of $1 million. 

45

•  The third tranche consisted of $750 million of 3.90% senior notes due June 15, 2047 (the "2047 notes") at 

a discount of $5 million (together with the 2020 floating rate notes and 2020 notes, the "June 2017 
issuance"). 
Issuance costs totaled $12 million.

• 

Interest on the 2020 floating rate notes is due quarterly on March 5, June 5, September 5, and December 5 of 
each year, beginning September 5, 2017. Interest on the 2020 notes is due semi-annually on June 5 and 
December 5 of each year, beginning December 5, 2017. Interest on the 2047 notes is due semi-annually on June 
15 and December 15 of each year, beginning December 15, 2017. The net proceeds of the June 2017 issuance 
were used for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of our common stock.
September 2016 Issuance. In September 2016, we issued two tranches of senior notes.

•  The first tranche consisted of $1.0 billion of 2.125% senior notes due September 15, 2026 (the 

"September 2026 notes") at a discount of $11 million. 

•  The second tranche consisted of $1.0 billion of 3.50% senior notes due September 15, 2056 (the "2056 

notes") at a discount of $19 million (together with the September 2026 notes, the "September 2016 
issuance"). 
Issuance costs totaled $16 million.

• 

Interest on the September 2026 notes and the 2056 notes is due semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 
of each year, beginning March 15, 2017. The net proceeds of the September 2016 issuance were used for 
general corporate purposes, including repurchases of our common stock.
February 2016 Issuance. In February 2016, we issued three tranches of senior notes.

•  The first tranche consisted of $1.35 billion of 2.00% senior notes due April 1, 2021 (the "2021 notes") at a 

discount of $5 million; 

•  The second tranche consisted of $1.3 billion of 3.00% senior notes due April 1, 2026 (the "April 2026 

notes") at a discount of $8 million.

•  The third tranche consisted of $350 million of 4.25% senior notes due April 1, 2046 (the "2046 notes") at a 

premium of $2 million (together with the 2021 notes and the April 2026 notes, the "February 2016 
issuance"). The 2046 notes form a single series with our $1.25 billion of 4.25% senior notes due April 1, 
2046 that were issued in May 2015, and have the same terms. The aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of our senior notes due April 1, 2046 is $1.6 billion. 
Issuance costs totaled $17 million. 

• 

Interest on the 2021 notes and the April 2026 notes is due semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, 
beginning October 1, 2016. Interest on the 2046 notes is due semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each 
year, beginning April 1, 2016, with interest accruing from October 1, 2015. The net proceeds of the February 2016 
issuance were used to repay our 5.40% senior notes due March 1, 2016. 
Redemption. All of our senior notes, other than our outstanding floating rate notes, may be redeemed by us at 
any time, in whole or in part, at the redemption price plus accrued interest up to the redemption date. The 
redemption price is equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, or 
(2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to the Par Call 
Date, as defined in the respective notes. Additionally, if a Change in Control Triggering Event occurs, as defined in 
the notes, holders of all notes have the right to require us to redeem those notes at 101% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the notes plus accrued interest up to the redemption date. We are generally not limited under 
the indentures governing the notes in our ability to incur additional indebtedness or required to maintain financial 
ratios or specified levels of net worth or liquidity. The indentures governing the notes contain various customary 
covenants; however, none are expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources.

46

Maturities of Long-Term Debt. Our long-term debt maturities, excluding capital leases, follow.

in millions
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2020
Fiscal 2021
Fiscal 2022
Thereafter

$

Principal
1,150
1,000
1,750
2,350
1,250
17,250

Derivative Instruments
At both January 28, 2018 and January 29, 2017, we had outstanding cross currency swap agreements with a 
combined notional amount of $626 million, accounted for as cash flow hedges, to hedge foreign currency 
fluctuations on certain intercompany debt. The approximate fair values of these agreements were assets of $233 
million at January 28, 2018 and $258 million at January 29, 2017, which were the estimated amounts we would 
have received to settle the agreements, and were included in other assets.
We had outstanding interest rate swap agreements with combined notional amounts of $1.25 billion at 
January 28, 2018 and $1.0 billion at January 29, 2017. These agreements were accounted for as fair value 
hedges that swap fixed for variable rate interest to hedge changes in the fair values of certain senior notes. The 
fair values of these agreements were not material at January 28, 2018 and January 29, 2017, respectively.
At January 28, 2018, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with a combined notional amount of 
$300 million, accounted for as net investment hedges, that hedge against foreign currency exposure on our net 
investment in certain subsidiaries. At January 28, 2018, the fair values of these agreements were not material. 

INCOME TAXES

5. 
Our earnings before the provision for income taxes follow.

in millions
U.S.
Foreign
Total

Our provision for income taxes follows.

in millions
Current:
Federal
State
Foreign
Total current

Deferred:
Federal
State
Foreign
Total deferred
Provision for income taxes

47

Fiscal
2017

$ 12,682
1,016
$ 13,698

Fiscal
2016

$ 11,568
923
$ 12,491

Fiscal
2015

$ 10,207
814
$ 11,021

Fiscal
2017

Fiscal
2016

Fiscal
2015

$

$

4,128
499
331
4,958

(67)
89
88
110
5,068

$

$

3,870
462
315
4,647

(102)
13
(24)
(113)
4,534

$

$

3,228
466
296
3,990

21
10
(9)
22
4,012

Our combined federal, state, and foreign effective tax rates follow.

Combined federal, state, and foreign effective tax rates

Fiscal
2017
37.0%

Fiscal
2016
36.3%

Fiscal
2015
36.4%

The reconciliation of our provision for income taxes at the federal statutory rates of approximately 34% for fiscal 
2017, 35% for fiscal 2016, and 35% for fiscal 2015 to the actual tax expense follows.

in millions
Income taxes at federal statutory rate
State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit
Tax on mandatory deemed repatriation
Other, net
Total

Fiscal
2017
4,648
369
400
(349)
5,068

$

$

Fiscal
2016
4,372
309
—
(147)
4,534

$

$

Fiscal
2015
3,857
309
—
(154)
4,012

$

$

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted comprehensive tax legislation with the Tax Act, making broad and 
complex changes to U.S. tax law, including lowering the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21%, transitioning to a 
modified territorial system, and providing for current expensing of certain qualifying capital expenditures. As a 
result of enactment of the Tax Act, our fiscal 2017 tax provision reflects additional net tax expense of $127 million.
As part of the transition to the new territorial tax system, the Tax Act imposes a one-time tax on deemed 
repatriation of historical earnings of foreign subsidiaries. For fiscal 2017, these impacts resulted in a provisional 
charge in the fourth quarter of approximately $400 million, comprising U.S. repatriation taxes, foreign withholding 
taxes, and state taxes.
The lower corporate income tax rate of 21% is effective January 1, 2018, resulting in a U.S. statutory federal tax 
rate of approximately 34% for fiscal 2017, and 21% for subsequent fiscal years, which provided a benefit to our 
fiscal 2017 tax provision of approximately $126 million.  
The reduction of the U.S. corporate tax rate requires a remeasurement of our U.S. deferred tax assets and 
liabilities to the lower federal base rate of 21%. This resulted in a provisional benefit of $147 million for fiscal 2017.
The Tax Act also added a new provision for a tax on global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”). Due to the 
complexity of the new tax rules, we are considering available accounting policy alternatives to adopt, to either 
record the U.S. income tax effect of future GILTI inclusions in the period in which they arise or establish deferred 
taxes with respect to the expected future tax liabilities associated with future GILTI inclusions. We have not made 
an accounting policy election and will do so after we complete an analysis of those provisions.
On December 22, 2017, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 ("SAB 118") to address the application 
of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed 
(including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax 
Act. In accordance with SAB 118, we were able to make reasonable estimates of certain effects and, therefore, 
recorded provisional amounts for the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the tax on the 
mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings.  
For the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, we have recorded a provisional benefit of $147 
million for the year ended January 28, 2018. While we are able to make a reasonable estimate of the impact of 
the reduction in corporate rate, it may be affected by other factors, including, but not limited to, changes to our 
calculation of deemed repatriation of deferred foreign income and changes to the current year deferred tax 
balance estimates. 
To determine the amount of the income tax on mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, we must 
determine, in addition to other factors, the amount of post-1986 earnings and profits ("E&P") of the relevant 
subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings. We are able to make a 
reasonable estimate of the tax and recorded a provisional obligation of $400 million. However, we are continuing 
to gather additional information to more precisely compute the amount of the tax.

48

We expect additional regulatory guidance and technical clarifications from the U.S. Department of the Treasury 
and IRS within the next 12 months. Any subsequent adjustment to these amounts will be recorded to income tax 
expense from continuing operations in the quarter of fiscal year 2018 in which the analysis is complete.
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of our deferred tax assets and 
deferred tax liabilities follow.

in millions
Assets:
Deferred compensation
Accrued self-insurance liabilities
State income taxes
Non-deductible reserves
Net operating losses
Other
Total deferred tax assets
Valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance

Liabilities:
Merchandise inventories
Property and equipment
Goodwill and other intangibles
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax liabilities

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

$

185
295
109
220
19
124
952
—
952

(9)
(770)
(243)
(251)
(1,273)

$

(321) $

284
440
152
328
33
268
1,505
(3)
1,502

(64)
(1,128)
(368)
(147)
(1,707)
(205)

Our noncurrent deferred tax assets and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities, netted by tax jurisdiction, follow.

in millions
Other assets
Deferred income taxes
Net deferred tax liabilities

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

$

$

119
(440)
(321) $

91
(296)
(205)

We believe that the realization of the deferred tax assets is more likely than not, based upon the expectation that 
we will generate the necessary taxable income in future periods.
At January 28, 2018, we had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future 
taxable income, expiring at various dates beginning in 2018 to 2037. We have concluded that it is more likely than 
not that the tax benefits related to the federal and state net operating losses will be realized. As of January 29, 
2017, a valuation allowance of $3 million had been provided to reduce the deferred tax asset related to foreign net 
operating losses to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. As of January 28, 2018, we are no longer 
active in the foreign jurisdictions in which the valuation allowance relates; therefore, the valuation allowance of $3 
million was released this year when the related deferred tax asset was written off.
We intend to reinvest substantially all of the unremitted earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries in excess of working 
capital and strategic requirements and postpone their remittance indefinitely. Accordingly, no provision for 
withholding taxes was recorded on these unremitted earnings in the accompanying consolidated statements of 
earnings. It is impracticable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on these 
indefinitely reinvested earnings. We have reevaluated our investment position with respect to certain cash 
balances and we do not intend to indefinitely reinvest cash in excess of working capital and strategic 

49

requirements. Accordingly, we have recorded a provisional deferred tax expense for these unremitted earnings in 
the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings.
Our income tax returns are routinely examined by domestic and foreign tax authorities. For fiscal years 2005 
through 2009, a transfer pricing issue remains open pending negotiations between the U.S. and Mexican tax 
authorities. Our U.S. federal tax returns for fiscal years 2010 through 2012 are currently under examination by the 
IRS. During fiscal 2016, the IRS issued a proposed adjustment relating to transfer pricing between our entities in 
the U.S. and China for fiscal years 2010 through 2012. We intend to defend our position using all available 
remedies including bi-lateral relief. There are also ongoing U.S. state and local and other foreign audits covering 
fiscal years 2005 through 2015. We do not expect the results from any ongoing income tax audit to have a 
material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
Over the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that the resolution of federal and state tax examinations 
could reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by $187 million. Final settlement of these audit issues may result in 
payments that are more or less than this amount, but we do not anticipate the resolution of these matters will 
result in a material change to our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
Reconciliations of the beginning and ending amount of our gross unrecognized tax benefits follow.

in millions
Unrecognized tax benefits balance at beginning of fiscal year
Additions based on tax positions related to the current year
Additions for tax positions of prior years
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
Reductions due to settlements
Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations
Unrecognized tax benefits balance at end of fiscal year

Fiscal
2017

659
74
15
(93)
(1)
(17)
637

$

$

Fiscal
2016

689
147
14
(161)
(16)
(14)
659

$

$

Fiscal
2015

765
169
126
(350)
(14)
(7)
689

$

$

Unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect our annual effective income tax rate on net earnings 
were $483 million at January 28, 2018; $382 million at January 29, 2017; and $382 million at January 31, 2016.

Net adjustments to accruals for interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions resulted in expenses 
of $24 million in fiscal 2017, $20 million in fiscal 2016, and $5 million in fiscal 2015. Interest and penalties are 
included in interest expense and SG&A, respectively.
Our total accrued interest and penalties follow.

in millions
Total accrued interest and penalties

January 28,

2018

January 29,

2017

$

134

$

109

50

6.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Stock Rollforward
A reconciliation of the number of shares of our common stock follows.

in millions
Common stock:
Balance at beginning of year
Shares issued under employee stock plans
Balance at end of year
Treasury stock:
Balance at beginning of year
Repurchases of common stock
Balance at end of year
Shares outstanding at end of year

Fiscal
2017

Fiscal
2016

Fiscal
2015

1,776
4
1,780

(573)
(49)
(622)
1,158

1,772
4
1,776

(520)
(53)
(573)
1,203

1,768
4
1,772

(461)
(59)
(520)
1,252

Accelerated Share Repurchase Agreements. We enter into ASR agreements from time to time with third-party 
financial institutions to repurchase shares of our common stock. Under an ASR agreement, we pay a specified 
amount to the financial institution and receive an initial delivery of shares. This initial delivery of shares represents 
the minimum number of shares that we may receive under the agreement. Upon settlement of the ASR 
agreement, the financial institution delivers additional shares, with the final number of shares delivered 
determined with reference to the volume weighted average price per share of our common stock over the term of 
the agreement, less a negotiated discount. The transactions are accounted for as equity transactions and are 
included in treasury stock when the shares are received, at which time there is an immediate reduction in the 
weighted average common shares calculation for basic and diluted earnings per share.

The terms of each ASR agreement entered into during the last three fiscal years, structured as outlined above, 
follow (in millions).

Agreement Date

Settlement Date

Agreement

Amount

Q1 2015
Q2 2015
Q3 2015
Q4 2015
Q2 2017
Q3 2017

Q1 2015
Q3 2015
Q4 2015
Q4 2015
Q2 2017
Q4 2017

$

850
1,500
1,375
1,500
1,650
1,200

Initial 
Shares 
Delivered
7.0
12.0
10.1
9.7
9.7
6.7

Additional
Shares
Delivered

Total 
Shares 
Delivered

0.5
1.3
1.3
1.7
1.1
0.7

7.5
13.3
11.4
11.4
10.8
7.4

7.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The fair value of an asset is considered to be the price at which the asset could be sold in an orderly transaction 
between unrelated knowledgeable and willing parties. A liability’s fair value is defined as the amount that would be 
paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor, rather than the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with 
the creditor. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured using a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which 
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value.

51

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis follow.

Fair Value at January 28, 2018 Using
Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Assets
(Level 1)

Significant 
Observable 

Inputs
(Level 2)

Inputs
(Level 3)

Significant 

Unobservable 

Fair Value at January 29, 2017 Using
Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Assets
(Level 1)

Significant 
Observable 

Inputs
(Level 2)

Inputs
(Level 3)

Significant 

Unobservable 

$

$

— $
—
— $

235 $
(12)
223 $

— $
—
— $

— $
—
— $

271 $

—

271 $

—
—
—

in millions 
Derivative agreements – assets
Derivative agreements – liabilities
Total

We use derivative financial instruments from time to time in the management of our interest rate exposure on 
long-term debt and our exposure on foreign currency fluctuations. The fair value of our derivative financial 
instruments was measured using observable market information (level 2). Our derivative agreements are 
discussed further in Note 4.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, short-term debt, and accounts payable 
approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.
Long-lived assets, goodwill, and other intangible assets were analyzed for impairment on a nonrecurring basis 
using fair value measurements with unobservable inputs (level 3). 
The estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for Interline, which was acquired in the 
third quarter of fiscal 2015, were measured using unobservable inputs (level 3). See Note 12 for further 
discussion of the Interline acquisition.
The aggregate fair values and carrying values of our senior notes follow.

in millions 
Senior notes

January 28, 

2018

January 29, 

2017

Fair Value
(Level 1)

$

26,617 $

Carrying

Value
24,485 $

Fair Value
(Level 1)

23,620 $

Carrying

Value
22,013

8.  EMPLOYEE STOCK PLANS
Omnibus Stock Incentive Plans
The Home Depot, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the "2005 Plan") and The 
Home Depot, Inc. 1997 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the "1997 Plan" and collectively with the 2005 Plan, the 
"Plans") provide that incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, 
performance shares, performance units, and deferred shares may be issued to certain of our associates, officers, 
and directors. Under the 2005 Plan, the maximum number of shares of our common stock authorized for issuance 
is 255 million shares, with any award other than a stock option or stock appreciation right reducing the number of 
shares available for issuance by 2.11 shares. At January 28, 2018, there were 130 million shares available for 
future grants under the 2005 Plan. No additional equity awards could be issued from the 1997 Plan after the 
adoption of the 2005 Plan on May 26, 2005.
Stock Options. Under the terms of the Plans, incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options must have 
an exercise price at or above the fair market value of our stock on the date of the grant. Typically, incentive stock 
options and nonqualified stock options vest at the rate of 25% per year commencing on the first or second 
anniversary date of the grant, and expire on the tenth anniversary date of the grant. Additionally, certain stock 
options may become non-forfeitable upon the associate reaching age 60, provided the associate has had five 
years of continuous service.

52

Stock-based compensation expense and the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised follow.

in millions
Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options
Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised

Fiscal
2017

20
223

$

Fiscal
2016

26
140

$

Fiscal
2015

26
206

$

The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted and the assumptions used in determining fair 
value at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model follow. 

Per share weighted average fair value
Risk-free interest rate
Assumed volatility
Assumed dividend yield
Assumed lives of options

Fiscal
2017

$ 21.85

Fiscal
2016

$ 20.26

Fiscal
2015

$ 18.54

1.9%
19.4%
2.4%
5 years

1.4%
20.7%
2.1%
5 years

1.4%
20.8%
2.0%
5 years

A summary of stock option activity by number of shares and weighted average exercise price follows. 

shares in thousands
Outstanding at January 29, 2017
Granted
Exercised
Forfeited
Outstanding at January 28, 2018

Number of

Shares

$

8,720
648
(2,029)
(143)
7,196

Weighted
Average
Exercise

Price

70.69
148.04
48.64
122.43
82.85

Details regarding outstanding and exercisable stock options at the end of fiscal 2017 follow.

shares in thousands, dollars in millions, except for per share
amounts
Outstanding
Exercisable

Number of

Shares

Intrinsic
Value

$

7,196
3,757

895
575

Weighted 
Average 

Remaining Life

Weighted
Average 

Exercise Price
82.85
54.13

6 years $
4 years

At January 28, 2018, there were approximately 6 million stock options vested or expected to ultimately vest. At 
January 28, 2018, there was $23 million of unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to stock 
options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of two years.

Restricted Stock and Performance Shares. Restrictions on the restricted stock issued under the Plans 
generally lapse according to one of the following schedules: 

• 
• 

• 

the restrictions on the restricted stock lapse over various periods up to five years; 
the restrictions on 25% of the restricted stock lapse upon the third and sixth anniversaries of the date of 
issuance with the remaining 50% of the restricted stock lapsing upon the associate’s attainment of 
age 62; or
the restrictions on 25% of the restricted stock lapse upon the third and sixth anniversaries of the date of 
issuance with the remaining 50% of the restricted stock lapsing upon the earlier of the associate’s 
attainment of age 60 or the tenth anniversary of the grant date. 

We have also granted performance shares under the Plans, the payout of which is dependent on our performance 
against target average ROIC and operating profit over a three-year performance cycle. Additionally, certain 
awards may become non-forfeitable upon the associate's attainment of age 60, provided the associate has had 
five years of continuous service. The fair value of the restricted stock and performance shares is expensed over 
the period during which the restrictions lapse. 

53

Recognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock and performance shares is presented 
below.

in millions
Stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock and

performance shares

Fiscal
2017

Fiscal
2016

Fiscal
2015

$

209

$

199

$

180

A summary of restricted stock and performance shares activity by number of shares and weighted average grant 
date fair value is presented below. 

shares in thousands
Outstanding at January 29, 2017
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Outstanding at January 28, 2018

Number of

Shares

5,452
1,769
(2,093)
(399)
4,729

Weighted

Average Grant
Date Fair Value
103.41
$
144.12
90.25
120.38
123.03

At January 28, 2018, there was $337 million of unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to 
restricted stock and performance shares, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 
two years. The total fair value of restricted stock and performance shares that vested during the fiscal year follow.

in millions
Total fair value vested

Fiscal
2017

309

$

Fiscal
2016

354

$

Fiscal
2015

382

$

Deferred Shares. In fiscal 2017, there were an aggregate of 122,000 deferred shares granted under the Plans 
compared to 139,000 in fiscal 2016 and 152,000 in fiscal 2015. Each deferred share entitles the associate to one 
share of common stock to be received up to five years after the grant date of the deferred shares, subject to 
certain deferral rights of the associate. Additionally, certain awards may become non-forfeitable upon the 
associate reaching age 60, provided the associate has had five years of continuous service. Recorded stock-
based compensation expense related to deferred shares follows.

in millions
Stock-based compensation expense related to deferred shares

Fiscal
2017

16

$

$

Fiscal
2016

16

Fiscal
2015

15

$

Employee Stock Purchase Plans
We maintain two ESPPs (U.S. and non-U.S. plans). The plan for U.S. associates is a tax-qualified plan under 
Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. The non-U.S. plan is not a Section 423 plan. At January 28, 2018, 
there were 20 million shares available under the U.S. plan and 19 million shares available under the non-
U.S. plan. The purchase price of shares under the ESPPs is equal to 85% of the stock’s fair market value on the 
last day of the purchase period, which is a six-month period ending on December 31 and June 30 of each year. 
During fiscal 2017, there were 1 million shares purchased under the ESPPs at an average price of $143.71. 
Under the outstanding ESPPs at January 28, 2018, employees have contributed $17 million to purchase shares 
at 85% of the stock’s fair market value on the last day of the current purchase period (June 30, 2018). Recognized 
stock-based compensation expense related to ESPPs follows.

in millions
Stock-based compensation expense related to ESPPs

Fiscal
2017

28

$

$

Fiscal
2016

26

Fiscal
2015

23

$

9.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
We maintain active defined contribution retirement plans for our employees (the "Benefit Plans"). All associates 
satisfying certain service requirements are eligible to participate in the Benefit Plans. We make cash contributions 

54

each payroll period up to specified percentages of associates’ contributions as approved by our Board of 
Directors.
We also maintain the Restoration Plan to provide certain associates deferred compensation that they would have 
received under the Benefit Plans as a matching contribution if not for the maximum compensation limits under the 
Internal Revenue Code. We fund the Restoration Plan through contributions made to a grantor trust, which are 
then used to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market.
Our contributions to the Benefit Plans and the Restoration Plan follow.

in millions
Contributions to the Benefits Plans and the Restoration Plan

Fiscal
2017

202

$

Fiscal
2016

195

$

Fiscal
2015

186

$

At January 28, 2018, the Benefit Plans and the Restoration Plan held a total of 7 million shares of our common 
stock in trust for plan participants.

10. WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES
The reconciliation of our basic to diluted weighted average common shares follows.

in millions
Basic weighted average common shares
Effect of potentially dilutive securities
Diluted weighted average common shares

Fiscal
2017
1,178
6
1,184

Fiscal
2016
1,229
5
1,234

Fiscal
2015
1,277
6
1,283

Anti-dilutive securities excluded from diluted weighted average common

shares

1

1

1

11.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
At January 28, 2018, we were contingently liable for approximately $447 million under outstanding letters of credit 
and open accounts issued for certain business transactions, including insurance programs, trade contracts, and 
construction contracts. Our letters of credit are primarily performance-based and are not based on changes in 
variable components, a liability or an equity security of the other party.
In addition to the Data Breach described below, we are involved in litigation arising in the normal course of 
business. In management’s opinion, any such litigation is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our 
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
Data Breach
As previously reported, in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we confirmed that our payment data systems were 
breached, which potentially impacted customers who used payment cards at self-checkout systems in our U.S. 
and Canadian stores (the "Data Breach"). The Data Breach resulted in a number of claims and investigations, a 
significant number of which had been resolved prior to fiscal 2017. During fiscal 2017, the United States District 
Court for the Northern District of Georgia approved settlement agreements that resolved and dismissed the claims 
asserted in the two remaining litigation matters, the financial institution class actions and the purported 
shareholder derivative actions. 
We previously recorded accruals for estimated probable losses in connection with the matters described above. 
As of the end of fiscal 2017, we had resolved the consumer, financial institution, and shareholder derivative 
claims, representing the significant majority of the claims relating to the Data Breach, and there were no material 
changes during fiscal 2017 to our loss contingency assessment relating to any remaining matters. Further, we do 
not believe that the ultimate amounts to be paid with respect to any remaining matters will have a material 
adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods. As a 
result, in future filings we do not anticipate providing separate reporting with respect to the Data Breach.

55

12. INTERLINE ACQUISITION
In August 2015, we completed our acquisition of Interline, which established a platform in the MRO market. The 
aggregate purchase price was $1.7 billion, a portion of which was used for the repayment of substantially all of 
Interline’s indebtedness at that time. We have consolidated Interline’s results of operations in our financial 
statements since the date of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations for the period prior to the acquisition in 
fiscal 2015 would not be materially different as a result of the acquisition and therefore are not presented.
We finalized our purchase price allocation during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. The estimated fair values of the 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition for Interline follow.

in millions
Current assets
Long-lived assets other than goodwill
Goodwill
Other assets
Total assets acquired
Current liabilities
Other long-term liabilities
Total liabilities assumed
Net assets acquired

Fair Value
$
593
619
788
49
2,049
199
178
377
$ 1,672

Intangible assets acquired consist of customer relationships of $310 million, with a weighted average useful life of 
12 years, and trade names of $253 million, with an indefinite life, which are included in other assets. The goodwill 
of $788 million represents future economic benefits expected to arise from our expanded presence in the MRO 
market and expected revenue and purchasing synergies. Neither the intangible assets nor the goodwill acquired 
are deductible for income tax purposes.

13. INVESTMENT IN HD SUPPLY
In fiscal 2015, the remaining principal shareholder of HD Supply elected to sell its shares of common stock in a 
secondary public offering, and we exercised our rights under a registration rights agreement to include our shares 
in this offering. As a result, we sold our remaining shares of HD Supply common stock (with zero cost basis) and 
recognized a pretax gain of $144 million in interest and investment income in fiscal 2015.

14. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)
A summary of our quarterly consolidated results of operations follows.

in millions, except per share data
Fiscal 2017:
Net sales
Gross profit
Net earnings
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share

Fiscal 2016:
Net sales
Gross profit
Net earnings
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share

First
Fiscal 
Quarter

Second 
Fiscal 
Quarter

Third
Fiscal 
Quarter

Fourth 
Fiscal 
Quarter

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

23,887
8,154
2,014
1.68
1.67

22,762
7,791
1,803
1.45
1.44

28,108
9,461
2,672
2.26
2.25

26,472
8,927
2,441
1.98
1.97

25,026
8,648
2,165
1.85
1.84

23,154
8,042
1,969
1.61
1.60

23,883
8,093
1,779
1.53
1.52

22,207
7,553
1,744
1.45
1.44

56

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial 

Disclosure.

Not applicable.
Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are 
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, 
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such 
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the 
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based 
on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of 
the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended 
January 28, 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control 
over financial reporting.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 
reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision 
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, 
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 
2018 based on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded 
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 28, 2018 in providing reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with GAAP. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of 
January 28, 2018 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in 
their report which is included herein.

/s/ CRAIG A. MENEAR
Craig A. Menear
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

 

 

/s/ CAROL B. TOMÉ
Carol B. Tomé
Chief Financial Officer and
Executive Vice President – Corporate Services

57

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Stockholders and Board of Directors
The Home Depot, Inc.:
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited The Home Depot, Inc. and Subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of 
January 28, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, 
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2018, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) ("PCAOB"), the Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Home Depot, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of 
January 28, 2018 and January 29, 2017, and the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive 
Income, Stockholders' Equity, and Cash Flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended January 
28, 2018, and the related notes (collectively, the "Consolidated Financial Statements"), and our report dated 
March 22, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on those Consolidated Financial Statements.
Basis for Opinion
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and 
for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying 
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the 
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the 
PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial 
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect 
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that 
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Atlanta, Georgia
March 22, 2018 

58

Item 9B.  Other Information.
Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Information required by this item, other than the information regarding the executive officers set forth below, is 
incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Election of Directors," "Corporate Governance," "General," and 
"Audit Committee Report" in our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Proxy 
Statement"). 
Executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. Our executive officers 
are as follows:
ANN-MARIE CAMPBELL, age 52, has been Executive Vice President – U.S. Stores since February 2016. From 
January 2009 to February 2016, she served as Division President of the Southern Division, and from December 
2005 to January 2009, she served as Vice President – Vendor Services. Ms. Campbell began her career with The 
Home Depot in 1985 as a cashier and has held roles of increasing responsibility since she joined the Company, 
including vice president roles in the Company’s operations, merchandising, and marketing departments. She 
serves as a director of Potbelly Corporation, a chain of neighborhood sandwich shops.
MATTHEW A. CAREY, age 53, has been Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since September 
2008. From January 2006 through August 2008, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
at eBay Inc., an online commerce platform. Mr. Carey was previously with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., a general 
merchandise retailer, from June 1985 to December 2005. His final position with Wal-Mart was Senior Vice 
President and Chief Technology Officer.
EDWARD P. DECKER, age 55, has been Executive Vice President – Merchandising since August 2014. From 
October 2006 through July 2014, he served as Senior Vice President – Retail Finance, Pricing Analytics, and 
Assortment Planning. Mr. Decker joined The Home Depot in 2000 and held various strategic planning roles, 
including serving as Vice President – Strategic Business Development from November 2002 to April 2006 and 
Senior Vice President – Strategic Business and Asset Development from April 2006 to September 2006. Prior to 
joining the Company, Mr. Decker held various positions in strategic planning, business development, finance, and 
treasury at Kimberly-Clark Corp. and Scott Paper Co., both of which are consumer products companies.
MARK Q. HOLIFIELD, age 61, has been Executive Vice President – Supply Chain and Product Development 
since February 2014. From July 2006 through February 2014, he served as Senior Vice President – Supply 
Chain. Mr. Holifield was previously with Office Depot, Inc., an office products and services company, from 1994 
through July 2006, where he served in variety of supply chain positions, including Executive Vice President of 
Supply Chain Management.
TIMOTHY A. HOURIGAN, age 61, has been Executive Vice President – Human Resources since June 2017. 
From February 2016 through June 2017, he served as Division President of the Southern Division. Prior to his 
role as Division President, Mr. Hourigan served in various human resources roles with the Company, including 
Vice President – Human Resources, U.S. Stores and Operations from September 2013 to February 2016; Vice 
President – Compensation and Benefits from February 2007 to September 2013; and Vice President – Human 
Resources from July 2002 to February 2007.
WILLIAM G. LENNIE, age 62, has been Executive Vice President – Outside Sales & Service since August 2015. 
From March 2011 through January 2016, he served as President of The Home Depot Canada, and he served as 
Senior Vice President – International Merchandising, Private Brands, and Global Sourcing from March 2009 
through March 2011. Mr. Lennie originally joined the Company in 1992 and held roles of increasing responsibility 
in the Company’s merchandising department. In 2006, Mr. Lennie left the Company to be Senior Vice President of 
Merchandising, Hardlines for Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc., a sporting goods retailer, before re-joining The Home 
Depot in 2009.
CRAIG A. MENEAR, age 60, has been our Chief Executive Officer and President since November 2014 and our 
Chairman since February 2015. He previously served as our President, U.S. Retail from February 2014 to 
October 2014. From April 2007 through February 2014, he served as Executive Vice President – Merchandising, 
and from August 2003 through April 2007, he served as Senior Vice President – Merchandising. From 1997 

59

through August 2003, Mr. Menear served in various management and vice president level positions in the 
Company’s merchandising department, including Merchandising Vice President of Hardware, Merchandising Vice 
President of the Southwest Division, and Divisional Merchandise Manager of the Southwest Division.
TERESA WYNN ROSEBOROUGH, age 59, has been Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate 
Secretary since November 2011. From April 2006 through November 2011, Ms. Roseborough served in several 
legal positions with MetLife, Inc., a provider of insurance and other financial services, including Senior Chief 
Counsel – Compliance & Litigation and most recently as Deputy General Counsel. Prior to joining MetLife, Ms. 
Roseborough was a partner with the law firm Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP from February 1996 through March 
2006 and a Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Office of Legal Counsel of the United States Department of 
Justice from January 1994 through February 1996. Ms. Roseborough serves as a director of The Hartford 
Financial Services Group, Inc., an investment and insurance company.
CAROL B. TOMÉ, age 61, has been Chief Financial Officer since May 2001 and Executive Vice President – 
Corporate Services since January 2007. Prior thereto, Ms. Tomé served as Senior Vice President – Finance and 
Accounting/Treasurer from February 2000 through May 2001 and as Vice President and Treasurer from 1995 
through February 2000. From 1992 until 1995, when she joined the Company, Ms. Tomé was Vice President and 
Treasurer of Riverwood International Corporation, a provider of paperboard packaging. Ms. Tomé serves as a 
director of United Parcel Service, Inc., a global package delivery and logistics provider. She also serves as a 
member of the Advisory Board of certain Fidelity funds, and in fiscal 2017, she served as Trustee of certain 
Fidelity funds.
Item 11.  Executive Compensation.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Executive 
Compensation," "Director Compensation," and "Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Report" 
in our Proxy Statement.
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Beneficial Ownership of 
Common Stock" and "Executive Compensation – Equity Compensation Plan Information" in our Proxy Statement.
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled "Corporate Governance" 
in our Proxy Statement.
Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled "Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm’s Fees" in our Proxy Statement.

PART IV
Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
The following documents are filed as part of this report:
1. Financial Statements
The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8 hereof:

•  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm;
•  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2018 and January 29, 2017;
•  Consolidated Statements of Earnings for fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016, and fiscal 2015;
•  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016, and fiscal 2015;
•  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016, and fiscal 2015;
•  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016, and fiscal 2015; and
•  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

60

2. Financial Statement Schedules
All schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in our 
consolidated financial statements or related notes.
3. Exhibits
Exhibits not filed or furnished herewith are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC, as 
reflected in the table below. Our Current, Quarterly, and Annual Reports are filed with the SEC under File 
No. 1-8207. Our Registration Statements have the file numbers noted wherever such statements are identified in 
the following list of exhibits. We will furnish a copy of any exhibit to shareholders without charge upon written 
request to Investor Relations, The Home Depot, Inc., 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30339, via the 
internet at http://ir.homedepot.com, or by calling Investor Relations at (770) 384-2871.

Exhibit

Description

Reference

3.1

3.2

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6
4.7
4.8
4.9
4.10

4.11

4.12

4.13
4.14
4.15
4.16
4.17

4.18
4.19
4.20
4.21
4.22

Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of The Home Depot, Inc.
By-Laws of The Home Depot, Inc. (Amended 
and Restated Effective March 3, 2016) 
Indenture, dated as of May 4, 2005, between 
The Home Depot, Inc. and The Bank of New 
York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2012 between 
The Home Depot, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas, as Trustee 
Form of 5.875% Senior Note due December 16, 
2036
Form of 3.95% Senior Note due September 15, 
2020
Form of 5.40% Senior Note due September 15, 
2040
Form of 4.40% Senior Note due April 1, 2021
Form of 5.95% Senior Note due April 1, 2041
Form of 2.700% Senior Note due April 1, 2023
Form of 4.200% Senior Note due April 1, 2043
Form of 2.250% Senior Note due September 10, 
2018
Form of 3.750% Senior Note due February 15, 
2024
Form of 4.875% Senior Note due February 15, 
2044
Form of 2.00% Senior Note due June 15, 2019
Form of 4.40% Senior Note due March 15, 2045
Form of 2.625% Senior Note due June 1, 2022
Form of 4.250% Senior Note due April 1, 2046 
Form of Floating Rate Note due September 15, 
2017
Form of 3.35% Note due September 15, 2025
Form of 2.000% Senior Note due April 1, 2021 
Form of 3.000% Senior Note due April 1, 2026
Form of 4.250% Senior Note due April 1, 2046
Form of 2.125% Senior Note due September 15, 
2026

Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31,
2011, Exhibit 3.1
Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016, Exhibit 3.2

Form S-3 (File No. 333-124699) filed May 6,
2005, Exhibit 4.1

Form S-3 (File No. 333-183621) filed August 29,
2012, Exhibit 4.3

Form 8-K filed December 19, 2006, Exhibit 4.3

Form 8-K filed September 10, 2010, Exhibit 4.1

Form 8-K filed September 10, 2010, Exhibit 4.2

Form 8-K filed March 31, 2011, Exhibit 4.1
Form 8-K filed March 31, 2011, Exhibit 4.2
Form 8-K filed April 5, 2013, Exhibit 4.2
Form 8-K filed April 5, 2013, Exhibit 4.3
Form 8-K filed September 10, 2013, Exhibit 4.2

Form 8-K filed September 10, 2013, Exhibit 4.3

Form 8-K filed September 10, 2013, Exhibit 4.4

Form 8-K filed June 12, 2014, Exhibit 4.2
Form 8-K filed June 12, 2014, Exhibit 4.3
Form 8-K filed June 2, 2015, Exhibit 4.2
Form 8-K filed June 2, 2015, Exhibit 4.3
Form 8-K filed September 15, 2015, Exhibit 4.2

Form 8-K filed September 15, 2015, Exhibit 4.3
Form 8-K filed February 12, 2016, Exhibit 4.2
Form 8-K filed February 12, 2016, Exhibit 4.3
Form 8-K filed February 12, 2016, Exhibit 4.4
Form 8-K filed September 15, 2016, Exhibit 4.2

61

Exhibit

Description

Reference

4.23

4.24
4.25
4.26
4.27
10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

10.6

10.7
10.8

10.9

10.10

10.11

10.12

10.13

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17

Form of 3.500% Senior Note due September 15, 
2056
Form of Floating Rate Note due June 5, 2020
Form of 1.800% Senior Note due June 5, 2020
Form of 3.900% Senior Note due June 15, 2047
Form of 2.800% Note due September 14, 2027

† The Home Depot, Inc. 1997 Omnibus Stock 

Incentive Plan

† Form of Executive Employment Death Benefit 

Agreement

† The Home Depot Deferred Compensation Plan 

for Officers (As Amended and Restated Effective 
January 1, 2008)

† Amendment No. 1 to The Home Depot Deferred 

Compensation Plan for Officers (As Amended 
and Restated Effective January 1, 2008)

† The Home Depot, Inc. Amended and Restated 

2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Amendment No. 1 to The Home Depot, Inc. 
2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan and The 
Home Depot, Inc. 1997 Omnibus Stock 
Incentive Plan

Form 8-K filed September 15, 2016, Exhibit 4.3

Form 8-K filed June 5, 2017, Exhibit 4.2
Form 8-K filed June 5, 2017, Exhibit 4.3
Form 8-K filed June 5, 2017, Exhibit 4.4
Form 8-K filed September 14, 2017, Exhibit 4.2
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 4,
2002, Exhibit 10.1
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3,
2013, Exhibit 10.2
Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2007, Exhibit 10.1

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31,
2010, Exhibit 10.4

Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 5,
2013, Exhibit 10.1
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31,
2010, Exhibit 10.6

† The Home Depot FutureBuilder Restoration Plan  Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2007, Exhibit 10.2
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2,
† Amendment No.1 to The Home Depot 
2014, Exhibit 10.8
Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2007, Exhibit 10.3

† The Home Depot, Inc. Nonemployee Directors’ 

FutureBuilder Restoration Plan

Deferred Stock Compensation Plan

† The Home Depot, Inc. Amended and Restated 

Management Incentive Plan (Effective 
November 21, 2013)

† The Home Depot, Inc. Amended and Restated 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 
and restated effective July 1, 2012

† Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock 

Award Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. 1997 
Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Pursuant to 

The Home Depot, Inc. 2005 Omnibus Stock 
Incentive Plan

† Form of Executive Officer Nonqualified Stock 

Option Award Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. 
2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Form of Deferred Share Award (Nonemployee 

Director) Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. 
2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Form of Equity Award Terms and Conditions 

Agreement Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. 
2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Form of Executive Officer Equity Award Terms 

and Conditions Agreement Pursuant to The 
Home Depot, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 
Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2,
2014, Exhibit 10.10

Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 29,
2012, Exhibit 10.1

Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October
31, 2004, Exhibit 10.1

Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2007, Exhibit 10.6

Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2009, Exhibit 10.4

Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2007, Exhibit
10.1

Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2011, Exhibit 10.1

Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2013, Exhibit 10.1

62

Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016, Exhibit 10.1

Reference

Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016, Exhibit 10.2

Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2016, Exhibit 10.3

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29,
2017, Exhibit 10.21

Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2018, Exhibit
10.1

Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2018, Exhibit
10.2

Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2018, Exhibit
10.3

Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
November 2, 2014, Exhibit 10.2

Form 8-K/A filed on January 24, 2007, Exhibit
10.2

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3,
2013, Exhibit 10.22

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30,
2011, Exhibit 10.36

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1,
2015, Exhibit 10.30

Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29,
2017, Exhibit 10.29

Exhibit

10.18

10.19

10.20

10.21

10.22

10.23

10.24

10.25

10.26

10.27

10.28

10.29

10.30

10.31

12

21
23

Description

† Form of Executive Officer Equity Award 
Agreement (Nonqualified Stock Option) 
Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. Amended 
and Restated 2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive 
Plan

† Form of Executive Officer Equity Award 

Agreement (Performance Based Restricted 
Stock) Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. 
Amended and Restated 2005 Omnibus Stock 
Incentive Plan

† Form of Executive Officer Equity Award 

Agreement (Performance Shares) Pursuant to 
The Home Depot, Inc. Amended and Restated 
2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Form of Deferred Share Award (Nonemployee 

Director) Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. 
2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Form of Executive Officer Equity Award 

Agreement (Performance Shares) Pursuant to 
The Home Depot, Inc. Amended and Restated 
2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan

† Form of Executive Officer Equity Award 

Agreement (Performance Based Restricted 
Stock) Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. 
Amended and Restated 2005 Omnibus Stock 
Incentive Plan

† Form of Executive Officer Equity Award 
Agreement (Nonqualified Stock Option) 
Pursuant to The Home Depot, Inc. Amended 
and Restated 2005 Omnibus Stock Incentive 
Plan

† Employment Arrangement between Craig A. 

Menear and The Home Depot, Inc., dated 
October 16, 2014

† Employment Arrangement between Carol B. 

Tomé and The Home Depot, Inc., dated January 
20, 2007

† Code Section 409A Amendment to Employment 

Arrangement between Carol B. Tomé and The 
Home Depot, Inc., dated December 21, 2012

† Employment Arrangement between Matthew A. 
Carey and The Home Depot, Inc., dated August 
22, 2008, as amended on September 3, 2008
† Employment Arrangement between Mark Q. 

Holifield and The Home Depot, Inc., dated 
February 27, 2014

† Employment Arrangement between Ann-Marie 

Campbell and The Home Depot, Inc., dated 
January 12, 2016
Employment Arrangement between Edward P. 
Decker and The Home Depot, Inc., dated July 
29, 2014

*
†

* Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings 

to Fixed Charges

* List of Subsidiaries of the Company
* Consent of Independent Registered Public 

Accounting Firm

63

Exhibit

31.1

31.2

32.1

32.2

Description

Reference

* Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant 

to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

* Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant 

to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

‡ Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant 
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant 
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002

‡ Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant 
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant 
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002

101.INS * XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH * XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL * XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

Document

101.DEF * XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

Document

101.LAB * XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

Document

101.PRE * XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation

Linkbase Document

Filed herewith
Furnished (and not filed) herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of the SEC’s Regulation S-K

—————
†  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
* 
‡ 
Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary
None.

64

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has 
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

SIGNATURES

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

(Registrant)

By:

 

 

/s/ CRAIG A. MENEAR
Craig A. Menear, Chairman, 
Chief Executive Officer and President

Date: March 21, 2018

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the 
following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March 21, 2018.

Signature

/s/ CRAIG A. MENEAR
Craig A. Menear

/s/ CAROL B. TOMÉ
Carol B. Tomé

/s/ GERARD J. ARPEY
Gerard J. Arpey

/s/ ARI BOUSBIB
Ari Bousbib

/s/ JEFFERY H. BOYD
Jeffery H. Boyd

/s/ GREGORY D. BRENNEMAN
Gregory D. Brenneman

/s/ J. FRANK BROWN
J. Frank Brown

/s/ ALBERT P. CAREY
Albert P. Carey

/s/ ARMANDO CODINA
Armando Codina

/s/ HELENA B. FOULKES
Helena B. Foulkes

/s/ LINDA R. GOODEN
Linda R. Gooden

/s/ WAYNE M. HEWETT
Wayne M. Hewett

/s/ KAREN L. KATEN
Karen L. Katen

/s/ MARK VADON
Mark Vadon

  
   Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer)

Title

   Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President – Corporate Services

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

   Director

   Director

   Director

   Director

   Director

   Director

   Director

   Director

Director

   Director

   Director

   Director

65

THE HOME DEPOT, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

amounts in millions, except per share data or where noted
STATEMENT OF EARNINGS DATA
Net sales
Net sales increase (%)
Earnings before provision for income taxes ($)
Net earnings ($)
Net earnings increase (%)
Diluted earnings per share ($)
Diluted earnings per share increase (%)
Diluted weighted average number of common shares
Gross profit – % of sales
Total operating expenses – % of sales
Interest and other, net – % of sales
Net earnings – % of sales

BALANCE SHEET DATA AND FINANCIAL RATIOS
Total assets
Working capital ($)
Merchandise inventories ($)
Net property and equipment ($)
Long-term debt, excluding current installments ($)
Stockholders’ equity ($)
Long-term debt-to-equity (%)
Total debt-to-equity (%)
Current ratio
Inventory turnover
Return on invested capital (%)

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS DATA
Depreciation and amortization
Capital expenditures ($)
Cash dividends per share ($)

Fiscal
2017

$100,904
6.7
13,698
8,630
8.5
7.29
13.0
1,184
34.0
19.5
1.0
8.6

$44,529
2,739
12,748
22,075
24,267
1,454
1,669.0
1,858.9
1.17:1
5.1x
34.2

Fiscal
2016

$94,595
6.9
12,491
7,957
13.5
6.45
18.1
1,234
34.2
20.0
1.0
8.4

$42,966
3,591
12,549
21,914
22,349
4,333
515.8
544.7
1.25:1
4.9x
31.4

Fiscal
2015

$88,519
6.4
11,021
7,009
10.5
5.46
15.9
1,283
34.2
20.9
0.9
7.9

$41,973
3,960
11,809
22,191
20,789
6,316
329.1
335.9
1.32:1
4.9x
28.1

Fiscal
2014

$83,176
5.5
9,976
6,345
17.8
4.71
25.3
1,346
34.1
21.5
0.6
7.6

$39,449
3,589
11,079
22,720
16,786
9,322
180.1
183.6
1.32:1
4.7x
25.0

$2,062
1,897
3.56

$1,973
1,621
2.76

$1,863
1,503
2.36

$1,786
1,442
1.88

STORE AND OTHER SALES DATA
Number of stores
Square footage at fiscal year-end
Average square footage per store (in thousands)
Comparable sales increase (%) (1)
Sales per square foot ($) (1)
Customer transactions (1)
Average ticket ($) (1)
Number of associates at fiscal year-end (in thousands)
—————
Note: This information should be read in conjunction with MD&A and our consolidated financial statements.
(1)  These amounts do not include the results for Interline, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2015.

2,284
237
104
6.8
417.02
1,579
63.06
413

2,278
237
104
5.6
390.78
1,544
60.35
406

2,274
237
104
5.6
370.55
1,501
58.77
385

2,269
236
104
5.3
352.22
1,442
57.87
371

Fiscal
2013

$78,812
5.4
8,467
5,385
18.7
3.76
25.3
1,434
34.2
22.5
0.9
6.8

$39,996
4,050
11,057
23,348
14,615
12,522
116.7
117.0
1.38:1
4.6x
20.9

$1,757
1,389
1.56

2,263
236
104
6.8
334.35
1,391
56.78
365

F-1

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Craig A. Menear
Chairman, Chief Exective 
Officer and President
Director since 2014

Ari Bousbib
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, IQVIA Holdings, Inc.
Director since 2007
1, 2

Gregory D. Brenneman 
Executive Chairman, 
CCMP Capital Advisors, LLC
Director since 2000
Lead Director 

Albert P. Carey
Chief Executive Officer,  
PepsiCo North America
Director since 2008 
3, 4

Helena B. Foulkes
Chief Executive Officer,
Hudson’s Bay Company

Director since 2013
3, 4

Wayne M. Hewett
Advisor, Permira, and      
Non-Executive Chairman,        
DiversiTech Corporation
Director since 2014 
1, 3

Mark Vadon
Founder & former Chairman, 
Zulily, Inc. and Blue Nile, Inc.
Director since 2012 
1, 2

Gerard J. Arpey
Partner, 
Emerald Creek Group, LLC
Director since 2015 
2, 4

Jeffery H. Boyd
Executive Chairman, 
Booking Holdings Inc.
Director since 2016 
2, 4

J. Frank Brown
Managing Director and  
Chief Operating Officer,  
General Atlantic LLC
Director since 2011
Financial Expert 
1, 2

Armando Codina
Executive Chairman,                      
Codina Partners, LLC
Director since 2007 
3, 4

Linda R. Gooden
Former Executive Vice President,            
Information Systems & Global Solutions,
Lockheed Martin Corporation
Director since 2015
Financial Expert 
1, 3

Karen L. Katen
Senior Advisor, Essex  
Woodlands Health Ventures
Director since 2007 
2, 4

Board of Directors Committee Membership as of 2017 
fiscal year end:
1. Audit 
2. Finance
3. Leadership Development & Compensation 
4. Nominating & Corporate Governance 

CORPORATE AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

STORE SUPPORT CENTER 
The Home Depot, Inc.  
2455 Paces Ferry Road  
Atlanta, GA 30339-4024  
Telephone: (770) 433-8211 

THE HOME DEPOT WEBSITE
www.homedepot.com 

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
Computershare Trust Company, N.A.  
P.O. Box 505005 
Louisville, KY 40233  
Telephone: (800) 577-0177  
Internet address: www.computershare.com/investor

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC       
ACCOUNTING FIRM
KPMG LLP  
Suite 2000  
303 Peachtree Street, NE  
Atlanta, GA 30308-3210

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
New York Stock Exchange  
Trading symbol – HD 

ANNUAL MEETING
The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held at 9 a.m., 
Eastern Time, May 17, 2018, at Cobb Energy Performing 
Arts Centre in Atlanta, Georgia. 

NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
As of March 2, 2018, there were approximately 114,000 
holders of record of our common stock and approximately 
2,053,000 additional “street name” holders whose shares 
are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial 
institutions. 

DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER COMMON SHARE

First 
Quarter
$0.89
$0.69

Second 
Quarter
$0.89
$0.69

Third 
Quarter
$0.89
$0.69

Fourth 
Quarter
$1.03
$0.89

Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2016

DIRECT STOCK PURCHASE/DIVIDEND 
REINVESTMENT PLAN
New investors may make an initial investment, and 
shareholders of record may acquire additional shares, 
of our common stock through our direct stock purchase 
and dividend reinvestment plan. Subject to certain 
requirements, initial cash investments, cash dividends 
and/or additional optional cash purchases may be 
invested through this plan. To obtain enrollment 
materials including the prospectus, access the 
Shareholder Services section on The Home Depot 
Investor Relations website at http://ir.homedepot.com, 
or call (800) 577-0177 to contact Computershare.

FINANCIAL AND OTHER COMPANY INFORMATION  
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended January 28, 2018 is available on 
The Home Depot Investor Relations website at                                     
http://ir.homedepot.com under the Financial Reports 
section. In addition, financial reports, filings with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, news releases 
and other information are available on our Investor 
Relations website. 

QUARTERLY CLOSING STOCK PRICE RANGE

First 
Quarter

Second 
Quarter

Third 
Quarter

Fourth 
Quarter

$156.12
$136.49

$158.81
$144.58

$167.65
$147.49

$207.23
$162.71

Fiscal 2017
High
Low
Fiscal 2016

High
Low

$136.80
$111.85

$138.24
$124.67

$138.77
$122.26

$138.46
$119.89

This paper contains fiber from well-managed, 
independently certified forests. 

The Home Depot, Inc.  2455 Paces Ferry Road,  Atlanta, GA 30339-4024  United States  770.433.8211  www.homedepotar.com

