HP Inc.2017 Annual Report 2018 Proxy StatementTwitter @HPYouTube www.youtube.com/user/HPInstagram www.instagram.com/hpFacebook www.facebook.com/HPBy printing this annual report and proxy statement on paper containing 30% post-consumer recycled waste, the following environmental savingswere achieved:  25 fewer tons of wood was harvested, or the equivalent of 157 trees71 million fewer BTUs of net energy were used over the lifecycle of the paper, enough energy to power an average US home for 285 days13,617 fewer pounds CO2 equivalents were released into the atmosphere, the equivalent of removing one average car oﬀ the road for 1 year 86 days73,858 fewer gallons of water were consumed or degraded throughout the lifecycle of the paper4,944 fewer pounds of solid waste were produced, including sludge and paper disposed of in landfills and incineratorsEnvironmental impact estimates were made using the Environmental Paper Network Paper Calculator Version 3.2.1. www.papercalculator.org.This cover is an HP Indigo digital print, on paper containing 30% post-consumer recycled paper that is environmentally and socially responsible sourced fromwell-managed forests, and independently certified according to the standards of the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®).The HP Inc.  

Board

About us

Our vision is to create technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere — every person, every organization, and 
every community around the globe. This motivates us — inspires us — to do what we do. To make what we make. To invent, and 
to reinvent. To engineer experiences that amaze. We won’t stop pushing ahead, because you won’t stop pushing ahead. You’re 
reinventing how you work. How you play. How you live. With our technology, you’ll reinvent your world. 

This is our calling. This is a new HP.

Keep reinventing.

1

2

3

Annual Report

Proxy Statement

Form 10-K

09  Corporate Governance
29  Audit Matters
31  Executive Compensation
56  Ownership of our Stock
58  Stockholder Proposals
60  Other Matters

02  Part I
25  Part II
116  Part III
117  Part IV

i  Message from our  
President and CEO
Strategy

ii 
iii  Performance
iv  Good Governance
v  Meet the HP Board
vi  Meet HP’s Executives
vii  Stockholder Engagement
viii  Sustainability
ix  Diversity and Inclusion
x  Our Compensation Philosophy

Message from our President and CEO

Accelerating our reinvention journey

Dear Stockholders:
Our vision at HP is to create technology that makes life better for everyone, 
everywhere; and our mission is to create experiences that amaze. Two years 
ago, we set out as a new HP, embarking on a journey to reinvent.
This  has  been  a  tremendous  year  and  I’m  proud  of  what  we  have 
accomplished.  We  are  delivering  on  our 
financial  commitments, 
outperforming the markets where we operate, accelerating growth, and 
returning capital to our stockholders – all with a goal to deliver sustainable, 
long-term growth and reliable returns.
We  remain  focused  on  executing  on  our  core,  expanding  into  growth 
opportunities and capturing the future. With a clear strategy and a strong 
innovation  pipeline,  we’re  striking  the  right  balance  between  how  we 
plan, innovate and execute. We’ve proven that we can turn ideas into real 
businesses today, and are poised to disrupt entire industries into the future.
I  am  pleased  with  our  performance  and  consistent  execution.  In  FY17, 
we generated $52.1 billion in net revenue and $3.3 billion free cash flow, 
$2.3  billion  of  which  was  returned  to  stockholders  in  the  form  of  share 
repurchases and dividends. We have the strongest and most innovative 
portfolio in our history.

Dion J. 
Weisler

Personal Systems had a stellar year, driving broad-based growth across all regions, gaining profitable market share, and delivering impressive 
innovations for our partners and customers. Our premium and commercial products and solutions continue to receive industry awards and 
recognition for amazing performance, design, style and security. Overall, we have outperformed the PC market for 15 consecutive quarters.
Similarly, our Print business delivered revenue growth in both hardware and supplies. Notably, we stabilized our supplies business earlier 
than expected. We also completed the acquisition of Samsung’s printer business in November, strengthening our position as we disrupt the 
$55 billion A3 copier space. Our graphics business continues to grow, and the success of our consumer products like Sprocket are making 
print relevant for an entirely new generation. We are delivering amazing innovation and differentiating ourselves with unrivaled security.
This year was a milestone for 3D Printing. In only four quarters, we turned our 3D initiative into a full business with global scale, repeat 
customer orders, an expanding partner and materials ecosystem, and revenue. This is one of the most exciting parts of our strategy and we 
believe it will serve as a growth engine for decades to come as we digitally transform and democratize the $12 trillion manufacturing market. 
It’s results like these that give me confidence in the trajectory of our business moving forward.
Our strong results are built on a solid foundation of corporate values and operating principles. We have made enormous strides in being 
a beacon for diversity and inclusion as well as continuing our leadership on environmental issues and working towards a better and more 
sustainable world. We will continue to drive progress on societal, environmental, and business-critical initiatives; we’re not just making a 
difference in our company, but also challenging our suppliers and the entire industry to do the right thing.
As we accelerate our reinvention journey in FY18 and beyond, we remain focused and disciplined on delivering amazing experiences and 
reinventing the iconic company that has been entrusted to us. We have never been as well positioned as we are today, and I’m confident that 
our best days are ahead.
On behalf of the entire management team, our partners and our employees, thank you for your continued support.

Sincerely,

Dion J. Weisler

 

Annual Report   

    i

Strategy

Delivering on our commitments

Our journey to keep reinventing
It was just two years ago that we began our reinvention journey, anchored by three key 
pillars: core, growth and future. We committed to compete and win in our core, enter 
new  growth  markets  and  natural  adjacencies  and  invest  in  our  future  where  we  can 
disrupt industries and create new categories. We also committed to a relentless focus on 
productivity to take cost out of the business. 
Our goal was to create a company with the heart and the energy of a start-up but the brains 
and muscle of a Fortune 100 corporation. We set out to reinvent a new kind of technology 
company with a mission to engineer experiences that amaze for everyone everywhere. The 
great products and services that we are creating for our diverse customer needs show that 
our reinvention strategy is paying off, and we are humbled by our success and optimistic 
about our future. We are more competitive, more fixated on the customer, more innovative 
and more focused on operational excellence today than ever before.
We  have  never  been  as  well  positioned  to  execute  on  our  core,  expand  into  growth 
opportunities and to capture the future.

Executing on our strategy and driving financial returns
For  our  stockholders,  we  are  doing  what  we  said  we  would  do,  delivering  operational 
excellence,  predictable  stockholder  returns  and  building  a  business  for  the  long-term. 
We have proven in fiscal 2017 that we can deliver reliable earnings and cash flow, take 
profitable share, and drive productivity. 
We drove impressive top line growth in fiscal 2017, with net revenue up 8% year-over-year 
to $52.1 billion. We grew non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share year-over-year for three 
consecutive quarters in fiscal 2017. For fiscal 2017, we set a goal of $1 billion in productivity 
improvements for the year and have achieved that savings goal for the second year in a row.
We committed to delivering 50% to 75% of free cash flow to stockholders through share 
repurchases  and  dividends.  Our  initial  outlook  free  cash  flow  was  $2.3  to  $2.6  billion 
dollars, which we increased to at least $3 billion in the third quarter. We ultimately delivered 
$3.3 billion of free cash flow in fiscal 2017, and we returned 69% of that free cash flow to 
stockholders through $2.3 billion in share repurchases and dividends.
There are a few important drivers on how we plan to deliver long term profitable growth 
and stockholder value. It all starts with leadership in the core and predictable earnings and 
cash flows that are generated by these incredible businesses. Our cash flows are supported 
by  business  fundamentals,  including  a  strong  annuity-like  print  supplies  business, 
a growing percentage of contractual business and a focus on shifting our mix to higher 
margin categories.
We  manage  the  company  for  the  long  term  by  investing  in  design  and  innovation,  and 
then  listening  to  our  customers  and  building  relevant  products,  not  just  technology  for 
technology’s sake. Our solutions are grounded in quality and security and real value that 
our customers are depending on. We are also evolving our business models to stay ahead. 
During fiscal 2017, we began to successfully shift our print supplies model to a healthier 
demand-based model. We are also shifting towards more service and subscription based 
models in both print and personal systems. We are well positioned to continue to generate 
robust cash flow and evolve our business to allow us to deliver long-term results.

Core

Our three pillars

Revitalize consumer and 
drive commercial
Lead commercial and 
grow premium

Growth

Disrupt the copier market and 
accelerate graphics

Drive commercial 
transformation

Future

Lead 3D printing

Create new immersive 
categories

ii   

    www.hpannualmeeting.com

Performance

How we delivered

Fiscal 2017 

 operating highlights

• 

For the full year, Personal Systems grew 
11% year-over-year, with double-digit 
growth in each of the past four quarters.

•  We announced our biggest premium 

Americas
46% of net revenue

6% y/y
6% CC(1)

Non-US net revenue was
63% of total net revenue

EMEA
34% of net revenue

8% y/y
11% CC(1)

• 

launch across both the consumer 
and commercial spaces, introduced 
the worlds’ most powerful and first 
detachable PC workstations, unleashed 
our most powerful OMEN X laptop for 
gaming athletes, and are doubling down 
on security by developing some of the 
world’s most secure and manageable 
commercial PCs.
For our print business, hardware units 
grew year-over-year driven by consumer 
demand; Q4 being our fifth consecutive 
quarter of year-over-year unit growth.
Graphics continues to grow with the 
signing of the single largest deal in our 
Graphics’ history with Lightning Source, 
a multi-million dollar, multi-year deal 
for 24 PageWide digital presses across 
five printing sites on three continents.
•  We turned our 3D printing initiative into 
a growing business with a global reach, 
including 65 channel partners and more 
than 50 materials partners across the world.

• 

Asia Pacific
20% of net revenue

11% y/y
11% CC(1)

Personal systems FY17

Net revenue
$33.4 billion

11% y/y
12% CC (1)

Operating profit
$1.2 billion
3.6% of net revenue

Total units

Notebooks net revenue

Desktops net revenue

Commercial net revenue

Consumer net revenue

•  On November 1, 2017, we closed the 

acquisition of Samsung’s printing 
business, which better positions us to 
attack the overall $55 billion A3 market 
growth opportunity and strengthens our 
position in the A4 market.

Printing FY17
Net revenue
$18.8 billion

3% y/y
4% CC (1)

Operating profit
$3.2 billion
16.8% of net revenue

Supplies net revenue

CC(1)

Total hardware units

Commercial hardware units

Consumer hardware units

7% y/y
16% y/y
11% y/y
3% y/y
1% y/y
9% y/y

units

units

16% y/y

5% y/y
5% y/y

3% y/y

2% y/y

4% y/y

1. 

 CC = Constant currency; adjusted to eliminate the effects of foreign exchange fluctuations.

NOTE:  Arrows represent the mathematical direction of the amount the arrow is associated with.

Annual Report   

    iii

Good Governance

Our commitment to independent  
governance starts with our Board

Introduction
The  HP  Board  of  Directors  (the  “Board”)  oversees  company  strategy  and  management 
performance, monitors business performance, and maintains an appropriate framework 
to mitigate risk.

To fulfill these responsibilities, the Board reviews its composition and performance on an 
ongoing basis to maintain:

•  Diverse and complementary skills and experiences relevant to HP’s strategic 

•  Diversity of thought, background and culture to bring broad insights into the 

opportunities and challenges;

boardroom; and

•  Ongoing education and access to management, employees and customers 

to enable Directors to develop a sound understanding of HP’s operations and 
competitive environment to make appropriately informed decisions.

Visit our annual meeting website
Expand your Annual Meeting experience using your computer, tablet or cellphone. Our Annual 
Meeting website features enriched content including videos and interviews, interactive 
disclosures and links to vote.

www.hpannualmeeting.com

Governance highlights

Independent board leadership
 9 Robust board oversight and leadership 

by an independent Chairman, more 
details beginning on page 18 of our 
proxy statement.

 9 Our independent Chairman participates in 

a robust stockholder outreach program.
 9 Our independent Chairman coordinates 

the annual performance evaluation of the 
Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”).

 9 Our independent Chairman oversees 
the Board and committee evaluations 
and recommends changes to improve 
Board, committee and individual 
director effectiveness.

Other governance best practices
 9 Our Bylaws provide our stockholders with 

a proxy access right.

 9 All members of our committees 

are independent.

 9 Our stockholders owning 25% or more 
of our common stock have a right to call 
special meetings.

 9 Directors are elected annually by majority 

vote in uncontested director elections.
 9 Each director nominee has agreed to 

resign from the Board in the event that he 
or she fails to receive a majority vote.

 9 We have a robust stockholder and 

investor outreach program.

 9 Non-employee directors are expected to 
own HP stock equal to at least five times 
their annual cash Board retainer within 
five years of joining the Board.

iv   

    www.hpannualmeeting.com

Meet the HP Board

Leading HP into the future

Aida 
Alvarez

Shumeet 
Banerji

Robert R. 
Bennett

Charles V. 
Bergh

Stacy 
Brown- 
Philpot

Stephanie A.  

Burns

Mary Anne 

Citrino

Stacey 
Mobley

Board composition
Independence

10%
Our CEO

Gender diversity

60%
Male

90%
Independent 
Directors

40%
Female

Tenure (inc. HP Co. tenure)
80%
0-2 years

10%
5-8 years

Subra 
Suresh

Dion J. 
Weisler

10%
3-4 years

International experience

Europe

North 
America

Asia

Australia

Contact the HP Board*
You can reach us by emailing us at 
bod@hp.com or by writing to us at:

The HP Board of Directors 
1501 Page Mill Road 
Palo Alto, CA 
94304

*  All directors have access to this correspondence. In accordance with instructions from the Board, the Secretary to the Board reviews all correspondence, organizes the 
communications for review by the Board and posts communications to the full Board or to individual directors, as appropriate. Our independent directors have requested that 
certain items that are unrelated to the Board’s duties, such as spam, junk mail, mass mailings, solicitations, resumes and job inquiries, not be posted.
Communications that are intended specifically for the Chairman of the Board, other independent directors or the non-employee directors should be sent to the e-mail address 
or street address noted above, to the attention of the Chairman of the Board.

 

Annual Report   

    v

Meet HP’s executives

Engineer experiences that amaze

Our commitments

Optimize  
cost structure

Ron 
Coughlin

Jon E.  
Flaxman

Tracy S. 
 Keogh

Catherine A. 

Lesjak

President, 
Personal Systems

Chief Operating 
Officer

Chief Human 
Resources Officer

Chief Financial 
Officer

Invest in our  

growth and future

Enrique  
Lores

Marie  
Myers

Kim M. 
Rivera

Dion J.  
Weisler

Chief Legal Officer 
and General 
Counsel

President and 
Chief Executive 
Officer

Global Controller 
and Head of 
Finance Services

President, Printing, 
Solutions and 
Services Systems
Operating in
170 Countries

49,000 

employees worldwide 
as of October 31, 2017

over 70 years of history

Manage the business  

for the long term

Operate with integrity, 

transparency

vi   

    www.hpannualmeeting.com

Stockholder engagement

Dialogue with HP investors

How we communicate with 
HP investors
We engage with current HP stockholders 
on a continual basis to gain insights into 
governance issues and trends that matter to 
our investors, and to elicit feedback about 
our executive compensation program and 
other topics. We do so in a variety of forums, 
including in our investor roadshow, which 
typically occurs in the first quarter of the 
calendar year.

Our engagement philosophy
 1    We believe in having a partnership with 

our stockholders

 2    We focus on an ongoing, year-round 

dialogue with our stockholders

 3    We seek to continually improve value for 

all of our stockholders

4    We implement changes as a result of 

feedback from our stockholders

Who engages with our 
stockholders?
It is our ongoing conversation with the 
investor community that allows us to 
understand and respond to stockholder 
feedback, and to continue our tireless effort 
to improve stockholder value. In addition to 
our investor relations and legal teams, our 
Executive Leadership Team and our Board of 
Directors all speak directly to stockholders 
on an ongoing basis, sharing our progress on 
the journey of reinventing HP and soliciting 
feedback on the way.

Our investor calendar
A calendar of investor events, with all of our presentations and webcasts, is available on our 
investor relations website at www.hp.com/investor/home. Highlights include:

November 2016
• 
• 

 Q4 2016 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call
 Credit Suisse 20th Annual Technology Conference

December 2016
• 

 Barclays Global Technology, Media and Telecommunications Conference

January 2017
• 
•  Citi Tech Forum at the 2017 International CES

J.P. Morgan’s 15th Annual Tech Forum at the 2017 International CES

February 2017
•  Mobile World Congress, Barcelona
•  Q1 2017 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call

March 2017
•  Printing and 3D Printing Showcase, Barcelona
•  BAML Asia-Pacific Telecom, Media and Technology Conference, Taipei
•  Morgan Stanley Technology, Media & Telecom Conference, San Francisco

April 2017
•  HP Inc. Annual Stockholder Meeting

May 2017
•  Bernstein’s 33rd Annual Strategic Decisions Conference
•  Q2 2017 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call

June 2017
•  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Technology Conference

August 2017
• 

 Jefferies 2017 Semiconductor, Hardware and Communications 
Infrastructure Summit

•  Q3 2017 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call

September 2017
•  Deutsche Bank Technology Conference 2017
•  UBS Best of Americas 2017
•  Citi 2017 Global Technology Conference
•  Mizuho Investment Conference Tokyo 2017

October 2017
•  HP Securities Analyst Meeting 2017
November 2017
•  Credit Suisse Technology, Media & Telecom Conference
•  Q4 2017 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call

Annual Report   

    vii

Sustainability

Reinventing for impact

Recognized for sustainability 

leadership

Sustainability is at the heart of our reinvention journey. It drives progress toward our business 
priorities, from designing and delivering our core products and services, to developing new 
business models and breakthrough technologies that generate growth and shape the future. 
Our customers, investors, and employees expect us to contribute to society and increasingly 
demand sustainability leadership from us. Our approach to sustainability spans our entire value 
chain—and extends beyond our business, partners, and customers into communities around 
the  world.  We  recognize  the  role  we  play  in  the  global  community,  so  we  are  contributing 
progress toward 15 of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Environment
We  are  shifting  our  business  model  and  operations  toward  a  circular  and  low-carbon 
economy—moving from transactional product sales to service models, while transforming how 
whole industries design, make, and distribute products. Through investments in research and 
development,  we  enable  customers  to  seize  new  opportunities  while  advancing  their  own 
sustainability  agendas.  We  continue  to  support  the  Paris  Climate  Agreement  and  have  set 
greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) reduction goals for our global operations, product portfolio 
and supply chain that have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative.

Society
We foster a diverse, inclusive, and collaborative company and industry. We work with our supply 
chain partners to empower and ensure protections for the people who make our products. We 
believe everyone, everywhere should have access to a quality education and be empowered 
with  the  skills  and  opportunities  to  thrive.  To  this  end,  we  work  with  partners  to  improve 
learning outcomes for millions around the world through access to technology and training.

Integrity
We are uncompromising in our expectations of ethical behavior by our employees, partners, 
and suppliers, and we have strict standards in place to safeguard human rights and protect 
and empower workers across our value chain. Top priority is given to protecting the personal 
data entrusted to us. We also provide market-leading technologies, products, and solutions 
that ensure high levels of security for our customers.

Learn more about our sustainability initiatives and goals at www.hp.com/sustainability

A few of our goals

 1 Achieve zero deforestation 

associated with HP brand paper 
and paper-based product 
packaging by 2020. (Packaging 
is the box that comes with the 
product and all paper, including 
packaging and materials, inside 
the box.)

 2 Use 100% renewable electricity in 
our global operations, with a goal 
of 40% by 2020.

 3 Develop skills and improve well-
being of 500,000 factory workers 
by 2025, beginning in 2015.

 4 Enable better learning outcomes 
for 100 million people by 2025, 
beginning in 2015.

viii   

    www.hpannualmeeting.com

Diversity and Inclusion

Demonstrating Innovation through Diversity

Our priorities

Reinvent the  
standard for  
diversity

• Be the industry leader
• Drive our strategy to Belong, 
Innovate, and Grow
• Embed the value of diversity 
internally and externally
• Foster cultural competence and 
inclusion at all levels

Reinvent our 
culture

• Connect employees at all levels to 
our vision, strategy, and culture, so 
we can deliver sustainable business 
results
• Strengthen employees’ pride in HP 
innovation and solutions
• Drive improvement in employee 
engagement through global and local 
programs and forums

Implement talent  
and leadership 
programs

• Build a talent and leadership pipeline 
that supports diversity and inclusion
• Develop leadership aligned with our 
culture for all levels of employees
• Reinforce innovation, risk-taking, and 
continuous development

Our Progress
Gender Equity in Leadership 
Since separation (October 2015), we’ve increased women in our leadership positions around 
the world:
•  Vice President 27.9%; up 9.6%
•  Director and VP combined 28.5%; up 6.6%
Diversity hiring
US minority hiring increased by +8% year to year; based on applicant self-identification.
Industry Recognition
•  36 Company and Employee Diversity Awards
•  100% on Disability Equality Index 2nd year
•  100% on Human Rights Campaign Corporate 

Equality Index 15th year

•  Ranked #3 on Top 10 Companies Millennials 

are Excited to Work For by Fortune 

•  Top 100 Company for Women US Working 

Mother Magazine 27th year

•  Top Company for Women Technologists by 

AnitaB.Org 2nd year

•  Recognized on inaugural Diversity Best 

Practices Inclusion Index

Building Diversity in our Pipeline
STEM in our communities
HP employees around the world volunteered their time to support Hour of Code activities in local 
communities, advancing science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education for girls 
and underrepresented minorities. In three years of participating, over 3,000 HP volunteers from 
30 sites have delivered 8,700 volunteer hours reaching over 33,000 students around the world.
HBCU Business Challenge 
As part of our partnership with the National HBCU Business Deans Roundtable, HP launched 
a  new  business-case  competition  where  students  from  85  schools  had  an  opportunity  to 
jumpstart their entry into the real world of business, putting their brightest ideas to work by 
crafting a solution for an actual HP business problem.

Annual Report   

    ix

2017 highlights

Most Diverse Board

HP has the most diverse board of 
directors among U.S. technology 
companies, with 40% women, 50% 
minorities, and 30% underrepresented 
minorities (as of Jan 2018).

Dedicated Leadership

Dion Weisler was one of the first 
150 company leaders to sign the 
CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, 
June 2017.

Disrupt 
Systemic Bias

We utilize tools to craft inclusive job 
descriptions, encourage and facilitate 
Courageous Conversations, and train 
hiring managers and recruiters around 
the work to identify and mitigate 
unconscious bias.

Business Imperatives and Actions
Gender & Minority Pay Equality
HP is committed to paying women the same as men for similar responsibilities and qualifications. 
Our recent review of employee compensation in the US found no evidence of pay inequality 
based  on  gender  or  race.  It’s  an  exercise  HP  does  regularly  with  the  help  of  a  third  party. 
They analyze how we pay employees across many variables to make sure our compensation 
practices are aligned with our principles.

Diversity Thought Leaders and Drivers
Global  Diversity  Advisory  Board  brought  a  strong  focus  from  18  senior  leaders  across  HP 
organizations, countries, sites and levels. This advisory body engages with stakeholders across 
the  company  to  set  strategic  priorities  implemented  by  teams  at  the  local  level  that  drive 
progress for employees to Belong, Innovate, and Grow.

Business Impact through Employee Engagement
We elevated the role of our employee groups in supporting HP’s business objectives. In doing 
so, we’ve rebranded what previously were known as Employee Resource Groups/ERGs to now 
be known as Business Impact Networks for all 9 constituencies. We’ve continued to grow in 
numbers of active chapters, membership and participation. Today, there are 81 active chapters, 
in 19 countries and 5 Global Impact Networks with executive sponsorship.

Allies@HP
This  global  program  launched  to  educate,  engage  and  create  visible  allies  for  our  LGBTQ 
community at all HP sites around the world.

Diverse Talent Development
We deliver new and innovative programs that prepare our top talent to advance and leverage 
the perspectives of a diverse community. 

Launched women’s sponsorship program
Increased women’s participation in top talent programs

• 
• 
•  Enhanced leadership skills for inclusion in Executive and Manager training
•  Elevated participation in industry leading conferences and events

Industry Partnerships
Positive results associated with HP initiatives to improve diversity in marketing partnerships, 
legal service providers, and supply chain management.

• 

First agency diversity scorecard showed significant progress made with women on HP’s 
account teams and senior leadership (+5% and +4% over agency targets for the year’s 
progress).

•  Global Legal Affairs’ Diversity “Hold Back” initial results are very positive. The number 
of firms with a diverse relationship partner has doubled and there has been a steady 
increase in the number of diverse attorneys working on HP matters in each quarter. 
73% of participating firms have met the diversity requirements.

U.S. spend with small businesses was $647 million USD. Spend on U.S.-based minority-owned 
and women-owned businesses totaled $229 million during the year.

x   

    www.hpannualmeeting.com

Our Compensation Philosophy

A conversation with the HRC Committee

Tracy  Keogh,  HP’s  Chief  Human  Resources 
Officer, talks with Chair of the HRC Committee 
Stephanie  Burns  about 
the  Company’s 
executive  compensation  program  and  the 
Committee’s  duties  in  overseeing  its  design 
and implementation.
The Committee consists of Ms. Burns and four 
of our other independent Directors: Ms. Alvarez, 
Mr. Banerji, Mr. Bergh and Mr. Mobley. All bring 
valuable  experience  and  understanding  of 
the  role  that  setting  appropriate  executive 
compensation  plays 
in  ensuring  company 
performance and stockholder value.

TK: Stephanie, so good to have you with us today. You’ve been a member of the HP Board since 
2015 and have chaired the HRC Committee since November 2017. Can you talk about the role the 
HR and Compensation Committee plays?
SB: Certainly. The Committee oversees and provides strategic direction to management regarding 
our  pay-for-performance  program.  The  Committee  sets  Dion’s  compensation,  and  reviews  and 
approves the compensation of the rest of the leadership team. We also review senior management 
selections  and  oversee  succession  planning.  To  do  this,  the  Committee  works  with  its  own 
independent compensation consultant to help analyze competitive pay practices and market trends, 
and to generally strengthen the pay-for-performance relationship and alignment with stockholders. 
The Committee also gets an update at every meeting on the key people practices and initiatives 
going on in the organization. Everything from employee engagement to workforce planning to key 
hires is within our remit.
TK: Can you describe HP’s overall philosophy and strategy on executive compensation?
SB: Our compensation program is closely aligned with HP’s company goals. It focuses on driving the 
right behaviors while simplifying executive compensation plans. Ultimately it’s designed to help us 
attract, retain, and reward the executive team for delivering value to stockholders over the long term. 
We have a pay-for-performance philosophy that forms the foundation for all decisions regarding 
compensation, with a strong bias towards variable pay in our executive compensation. Our program 
is also designed to facilitate strong corporate governance. Our executive compensation is aligned 
with  shareholder  value  through  equity-based  programs,  shareholder  value-based  performance 
measures (like relative Total Shareholder Return), and using financial performance measures that 
executives can control and are closely correlated with shareholder value over time.
TK: Are there specific elements of our program that you’ve found to showcase our best practices?
SB: HP’s program includes many robust best practices and we are continuously working to improve. 
Some specific elements of our program that are best-in-class include:
•  We target compensation to approximate the median level among a group of relevant peers, 

and only go above this level when performance warrants

•  We utilize non-discretionary financial metrics, and specific management objectives in our 

annual cash incentive plan, which we believe are correlated to long-term value creation

•  We do not use employment contracts with any of our executives, and have consistent and 

market-aligned severance

TK: Thanks for that great overview Stephanie.

Target compensation mix
CEO

45%
PARSUs

Other NEOs

43%
PARSUs

8%
Salary

17%
Bonus

30%
RSUs

13%
Salary

16%
Bonus

28%
RSUs

For more information regarding target 
compensation mix and other compensation 
details for all of our NEOs, including our CEO, 
please see page 31 of the Proxy Statement 
for our complete Compensation Discussion 
and Analysis.

Annual Report   

    xi

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If the risks or uncertainties ever materialize or the 
assumptions prove incorrect, the results of HP Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (“HP”) may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking 
statements, including but not limited to any projections of net revenue, margins, expenses, effective tax rates, net earnings, net earnings per share, cash flows, 
benefit plan funding, deferred taxes, share repurchases, foreign currency exchange rates or other financial items; any projections of the amount, timing or impact 
of cost savings or restructuring and other charges; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, including, but 
not limited to, our sustainability goals, the execution of restructuring plans and any resulting cost savings, net revenue or profitability improvements; any 
statements concerning the expected development, performance, market share or competitive performance relating to products or services; any statements 
regarding current or future macroeconomic trends or events and the impact of those trends and events on HP and its financial performance; any statements 
regarding pending investigations, claims or disputes; any statements of expectation or belief, including with respect to the timing and expected benefits 
of acquisitions and other business combination and investment transactions; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions include the need to address the many challenges facing HP’s businesses; the competitive pressures faced by HP’s businesses; 
risks associated with executing HP’s strategy; the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events; the need to manage third-party suppliers 
and the distribution of HP’s products and the delivery of HP’s services effectively; the protection of HP’s intellectual property assets, including intellectual 
property licensed from third parties; risks associated with HP’s international operations; the development and transition of new products and services and 
the enhancement of existing products and services to meet customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends; the execution and performance 
of contracts by HP and its suppliers, customers, clients and partners; the hiring and retention of key employees; integration and other risks associated with 
business combination and investment transactions; the results of the restructuring plans, including estimates and assumptions related to the cost (including 
any possible disruption of HP’s business) and the anticipated benefits of the restructuring plans; the resolution of pending investigations, claims and disputes; 
and other risks that are described herein, including but not limited to the items described in HP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended 
October 31, 2017 and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in HP’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“the SEC”). 
HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. 

HP’s Investor Relations website at www.hp.com/investor/home contains a significant amount of information about HP, including financial and other information 
for investors. HP encourages investors to visit its website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted.

© Copyright 2018 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, LP. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. This document is provided 
for information purposes only. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products 
and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions 
contained herein.

.

.

l

y
n
a
p
m
o
c
e
y
g
r
a
w
w
w
 
y
b
 
d
e
r
a
p
e
r
P

Twitter @HPYouTube www.youtube.com/user/HPComputersInstagram www.instagram.com/hpFacebook www.facebook.com/HPBy printing this annual report and proxy statement on paper containing 30% post-consumer recycled waste, the following environmental savingswere achieved:  18 fewer tons of wood was harvested, or the equivalent of 116trees52 million fewer BTUs of net energy were used over the lifecycle of the paper, enough energy to power an average US home for 209 days9,980 fewer pounds CO2 equivalents were released into the atmosphere, the equivalent of removing one average car oﬀ the road for  330 days54,128 fewer gallons of water were consumed or degraded throughout the lifecycle of the paper3,623 fewer pounds of solid waste were produced, including sludge and paper disposed of in landfills and incineratorsEnvironmental impact estimates were made using the Environmental Paper Network Paper Calculator Version 3.2.1. For more information visit www.papercalculator.org.This cover is an HP Indigo digital print, on paper containing 30% post-consumer recycled paper that is environmentally and socially responsible sourced fromwell-managed forests, and independently certified according to the standards of the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®).