2017
ANNUAL 
REPORT

HUMANA 
INC.
FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS

(dollars in millions, except per  
common share results)   

OPERATING RESULTS
Revenues
Net income
Diluted earnings per common share

FINANCIAL POSITION
Total assets
Total liabilities
Total shareholder equity

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

$53,767 
$2,448
$16.81

$54,379 

$614 
$4.07 

$54,289
$1,276
$8.44

$48,500
$1,147
$7.36

$41,313
$1,231
$7.73

$27,178 
$17,336
$9,842 

$25,396 
$14,711
$10,685 

$24,678
$14,332
$10,346

$23,497
$13,851
$9,646

$20,719
$11,403
$9,316

Cash ﬂows from operations

$4,051

$1,936

$868

$1,618

$1,716

MEMBERSHIP BY SEGMENT (IN THOUSANDS)
Retail

Medical membership

Group and Specialty

Medical membership
Specialty membership

Other businesses

Medical membership

Consolidated

Medical membership
Specialty membership

9,206.3

8,751.3 

8,327.7 

7,360.3 

5,953.9 

4,638.2
6,986.0

4,793.3
6,961.2 

4,963.4
7,221.8 

5,430.2
7,668.5 

5,501.6
7,823.3 

29.8

30.8

32.6

35.0

23.4

14,003.1
6,986.0

14,230.2
6,961.2

14,222.8
7,221.8

13,841.7
7,668.5

11,984.3
7,823.3

03

DEAR  
FELLOW  
STOCKHOLDERS,

It’s an exciting time to be in healthcare. Now more 
than  ever,  consumers  are  challenging  us  to  ﬁnd 
ways  to  make  healthcare  more  affordable  and 
easier to navigate. We see a change underway, with 
the  focus  shifting  from  coverage  to  affordability. 
At Humana, we feel our purpose and our integrated 
care delivery strategy position us strongly to meet 
consumers’ changing needs. In fact, we look at this 
as  an  opportunity  of  a  lifetime  to  positively  affect 
the lives of millions of people. With our strategy fully 
centered on the consumer,  we  strive  to  meet  the 
unique needs of healthcare consumers by offering 
an  integrated  care  delivery  model  that,  in  close 
partnership  with  our  members’  doctors  and  other 
clinicians,  looks  at health holistically  and  offers  a 
personalized  and  local  solution.  A  positive  driving 
force that continues to focus our organization is our 
Bold Goal, which we launched in 2015 to make the 
communities we serve 20 percent healthier by 2020.

Bruce Broussard, President and Chief Executive
Ofﬁcer, and Kurt Hilzinger, Chairman of the Board

04

Our Bold Goal speaks to the heart of our strategy, 
which  is  to  create  an  integrated  healthcare 
experience,  built  around  the  unique  needs  of  our 
members  and  clinician  partners.  This  requires  
a focus on quality in both our member and provider 
experience and their clinical outcomes.  While  we 
still  have  more  work  to  do,  we  have  made  good 
progress  in  these  areas.  This  past  year,  we  saw 
signiﬁcant improvement in our Stars (quality) results 
as  well  as  our  Net  Promoter  Scores  (customer 
satisfaction),  which  increased  by  500  basis  points. 
In addition, we have continued to see reductions in 
hospital Admissions Per Thousand, or APTs, over the 
last several years, a critical measure of our ability to 
manage chronic conditions and reduce admissions. 
Overall,  we  have  made  great  strides  toward  our 
Bold Goal, with two of our Bold Goal communities 
showing  substantial  decreases  in  Unhealthy  Days, 
surpassing our 2017 goal. We use Healthy Days as 
a measure because it has a proven track record for 
assessing population health and takes into account 
both an individual’s mental and physical health. One 
Unhealthy Day a month is associated with a $15.64 
increase in monthly medical costs and an increase 
of 10.4 APTs.
We signiﬁcantly outperformed our initial expectations 
in  2017,  with  our  Retail  and  Group  and  Specialty 
segments  exceeding  our  initial  guidance  for  the 
year. In particular, our Retail segment had a strong 
year  led  by  our  individual  Medicare  Advantage 
business. These results were due in no small part to 
the tremendous efforts of our employees across the 
organization  who  managed  through  an  extended 
transaction period with a sharp focus on productivity 
and advancing our core strategy.

You  will  recall  that  as  we  emerged  from  the 
extended transaction period in February 2017, an 
important  part  of  reafﬁrming  our  strength  as  an 
independent company was to redouble our focus 
on seniors living with chronic conditions. Holistic 
and  proactive  health  management  is  especially 
important in this population, as chronic conditions 
require  ongoing  support,  taking 
into  account 
not  only  health,  but  also  social  determinants  of 
health and lifestyle choices. As we shared in last 
year’s  Annual  Report,  we  believe  there  are three 
core areas that will enable us to deliver this kind 
of experience to members and clinicians, thereby 
system—primary  care 
transforming 
provider  relationships,  our  clinical  model,  and 
providing  a  simpliﬁed  experience  for  consumers 
and clinicians.
We continue to align with primary care providers 
around  the  integrated  health  management  of 
members and patients. In 2017, we launched 15 
new clinics in seven markets. Including our alliance 
and joint venture relationships and our fully owned 
clinics, we currently operate 195 clinics across 27 
markets with approximately 1,500 employed and 
afﬁliated physicians and advanced-care providers 
serving  nearly  260,000  individuals.  We  own  a 
number  of  brands  in  South  Florida  and  Texas 
including MetCare, ContinueCARE and CAC Medical 

today’s 

Centers, and we have a joint venture relationship 
with  MCCI.  As  we  recently  announced,  we  are 
consolidating  these  brands  in  South  Florida  and 
Texas  under  one  payer-agnostic,  physician-led 
brand – Conviva. Conviva will be physician-centric 
and  clinically  focused,  tapping  into  the  deep 
knowledge  and  know-how  of  the  primary  care 
community to stimulate entrepreneurial thinking, 
resulting  in  an  innovative  model  of  care  that 
will  measurably  impact  the  ability  to  serve  our 
members and close gaps in care. 
Building  on  our  relationships  with  primary  care 
physicians, our clinical model connects health and 
lifestyle. In December, we announced that we are 
acquiring a minority interest in Kindred at Home—
the  nation’s  largest  home  health  operator  and 
second largest hospice provider with a 65 percent 
geographic  overlap  with  our  individual  Medicare 
Advantage population. We believe this is a critical 
step  toward  establishing  a  platform  that  will 
enable local delivery of care in the home through 
telehealth, 
in-home 
clinical care, delivered by primary care physicians 
and  nurse  practitioners.  Kindred  at  Home  will 
expand  our  Humana  At  Home  care  coordination 
business as well as our behavioral health platform, 
advancing  our  integrated  care  approach.  The 
optimization  of  our  chronic  care  management  

remote  monitoring  and 

05

SUPPORTING  
CLINICIANS  
TO HELP  
OUR MEMBERS

We are deeply committed to building trusting 
partnerships  with  clinicians, 
recognizing 
the  critical  role  they  play  in  helping  their 
patients—our members—achieve their best 
health.  As  the  industry  increasingly  shifts 
to a focus on value, our objective is to be a 
dependable partner to clinicians in evolving 
incentives  from  treating  health  episodically 
to managing health holistically. 

Recognizing  the  role  of  primary  care 
clinicians as the “quarterbacks” of care, we 
have made deep investments in fully owned 
primary  care  clinics  and  have  opened 
additional clinics through alliances and joint 
ventures.  In  total,  we  operate  195  clinics 
with 1,500 clinicians, serving nearly 260,000 
individuals in 27 markets. 

A  key  area  of  focus  for  us  is  to  make  it 
easier for clinicians to improve the health of 
their patients/our members. We do this by 
supporting  them  with  tools  and  resources, 
and  by  extending  the  use  of  clinical 
programs that enable connectivity between 
a patient's health and lifestyle. Our clinical 
partnership  model 
is  furthered  through 
the  integration  of  telehealth  in  the  home 
with  primary  care  physicians,  specialists 
and nurse practitioners. And by working to 
create seamless, integrated workﬂows and 
processes, we strive to minimize complexity 
and friction for clinicians so they can focus 
on managing and improving health.

programs over the last year ensures that our members 
are receiving the right level of intervention at the right 
time. In addition, we expanded our behavioral health 
network to advance capabilities for all of our members, 
particularly  the  3  million  dependents  of  active-duty 
military  personnel  and  retired  military  personnel  and 
their  dependents  who  joined  us  as  new  Humana 
members when our new East Region TRICARE contract 
with the U.S. Department of Defense took effect January 
1, 2018. We’ve been a TRICARE contractor since 1996 
and now serve 6 million TRICARE beneﬁciaries. 
Integral  to  our  relationships  with  primary  care 
physicians  and  our  clinical  model  is  the  goal  of  a 
simpliﬁed  healthcare  experience.  We  are  focused 
on  integrating  physician  workﬂow  and  processes, 
striving to be a part of the solution to interoperability 
in  the  healthcare  system  in  a  payer-agnostic  fashion. 
We  have  begun  to  build  out  a  technology  strategy 
and  platform  to  support  an  integrated  member  and 
provider experience. As part of this process, we focused 
signiﬁcantly on productivity initiatives in 2017 designed 
to  remove  friction  points  for  members  and  providers. 
We  invested  in  analytics  and  enabling  technologies 
that  have  signiﬁcantly  advanced  our  integrated  care 
delivery model, including investments in “big data” and 
our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, 
among others. Our big data environment now enables 
us to routinely mine and integrate various data sources 
such as clinician notes, pharmacy dispensing data, home 
health assessments and social determinants of health 
data. Through our CRM, we now have a comprehensive 
longitudinal  data  view  of  our  members,  which  helps 
us  know  them  deeply  and  effectively  engage  them. 
We have also made investments in the provider space 
to  advance  care  coordination  capabilities,  focusing  on 
interoperability  and  analytics  to  improve  the  provider 
experience.
The power of our model is in the integration of these 
three  pillars:  partnering  with  providers,  building 
trusted relationships with our members and leveraging 
technology  to  simplify  processes.  It 
is  through 
integrating  these  capabilities  along  with  analytics 
and  technology  that  we’re  best  able  to  know  when 
to intervene and deliver care, who is best equipped to 
deliver care and where the optimal location is to deliver 
care based upon member preferences.

We’ve improved our Stars results.

Our Net Promoter Scores increased by  
500 basis points. 

We continue to see reductions in hospital 
admissions per thousand. 

Two of our Bold Goal communities had 
substantial decreases in Unhealthy Days.

SENIORS

A focus on three core areas provides holistic and proactive 
health management to these important members. 
1.  Primary care provider relationships
2.  Our clinical model
3.   Providing a simpliﬁed experience for consumers  

and clinicians

outstanding contributions that they make to those 
we serve, driving long-term growth for stockholders. 
In  addition,  we  intend  to  make  investments  in 
our  members’  communities  to  aid  in  addressing 
the  social  determinants  of  health  for  seniors.  We 
also plan to accelerate investments in technology 
(including data analytics) and operational processes 
that are designed to reduce friction points for our 
members  and  providers,  make  healthcare  and 
coverage more affordable, and lower administrative 
costs,  leading  to  increased  productivity  and  long-
term sustainability for the enterprise.
In closing, we have a tremendous opportunity in 
2018 to make a sustainable difference in the lives 
of  those  we  serve,  making  it  easy  for  them  to 
achieve their best health this year and beyond. We 
continue to be blessed with a committed workforce 
dedicated to our purpose and mission, making it 
possible for us to have experienced extraordinary 
growth and success from our beginnings in 1962 
as  a  single  nursing  home  in  Louisville,  Kentucky. 
It’s an honor to lead this talented team.
Sincerely,

Kurt J. Hilzinger 
Chairman of the Board 
Humana Inc.

Bruce D. Broussard 
President, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer  
and Board member 
Humana Inc.

As  we  progress  in  advancing  our  strategy,  we 
continue to drive growth across the company—and 
we recognize the importance of returning capital 
to  stockholders.  With  this  in  mind,  we  recently 
announced  an  increase  in  our  cash  dividend  to 
$0.50  per  share,  an  increase  of  25  percent  from 
the  company’s  previous  dividend  of  $0.40  per 
share. This announcement came on the heels of 
a  year  in  which  we  returned  over  $3.5  billion  to 
stockholders in the form of share repurchases and 
dividends,  including  a  38  percent  increase  in  our 
historical per share dividend in early 2017. 
Also  in  2017,  we  announced  our  exit  of  the 
Individual Commercial business effective January 
1, 2018, as well as the sale of our long-term care 
insurance  business.  These  businesses  were  not 
aligned with our core strategy of improving the lives 
of seniors living with chronic conditions. The exit of 
these  businesses  will  ensure  our  future  capital  is 
deployed  in  a  way  that  advances  our  integrated 
care delivery strategy without distraction. 
In  2018,  we  intend  to  use  the  tax  beneﬁt  from 
the  tax  reform  law  enacted  on  December  22, 
2017  (Tax  Reform  Law)  to  continue  to  return 
capital  to  stockholders,  while  at  the  same  time 
making  critical  and  sustainable  investments  in 
our  employees,  the  communities  we  serve  and 
our  business.  Our  steadfast  commitment  to 
simplifying  the  healthcare  experience,  making  it 
more affordable and improving health outcomes 
for  seniors,  for  TRICARE  beneﬁciaries,  and  for 
employer group members remains our top priority, 
and is guiding our decisions as to how to allocate 
tax reform proceeds. 
A few weeks ago, we announced to our employees 
that  we  are 
increasing  the  minimum  hourly 
rate  in  the  continental  U.S.  for  full-  and  part-
time  Humana  employees  to  $15,  as  well  as 
accelerating into 2018 an employee performance-
based incentive compensation program originally 
planned to begin in 2019. This program will apply 
broadly to all full- and part-time employees who 
did not otherwise participate in an incentive plan, 
adding  an  additional  28,000  employees  to  such 
plans.  This  tightens  the  alignment  between  our 
employees’  performance  and  pay,  allows  them 
the opportunity to be rewarded for our long-term 
business  performance  and  be  recognized  for  the 

08

DILUTED EARNINGS 
PER COMMON SHARE

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
Net (gain) expenses associated with the terminated merger agreement  
(for 2017, primarily the breakup fee)
Amortization associated with identiﬁable intangibles
Beneﬁcial effect of lower effective tax rate in light of pricing and beneﬁt design 
assumptions associated with the 2017 temporary suspension of the non-deductible 
health insurance industry fee; excludes Individual Commercial segment impact
Guaranty fund assessment expense to support the policyholder obligations of Penn 
Treaty (an unafﬁliated long-term care insurance company)
Operating (income) loss associated with the Individual Commercial segment
Charges associated with voluntary and involuntary workforce reduction programs
Costs associated with early retirement of debt in the fourth quarter of 2017
Impact of Tax Reform Law, primarily re-measurement of deferred tax assets at  
lower corporate tax rates
Reserve strengthening for the company’s non-strategic closed block of long-term care 
insurance business
Adjusted (non-GAAP) – 2016 as recast

2017A
$16.81

2016B
$4.07

(4.31)
0.32

(2.15)

0.24
(0.84)
0.64
0.08

0.92

0.64
0.32

–

–
3.78
–
–

–

–
$11.71

2.11
$10.92

The company has included ﬁnancial measures herein that are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that these measures, when presented 
in conjunction with the comparable GAAP measures, are useful to both management and its investors in analyzing the company’s ongoing business and 
operating performance. Consequently, management uses these non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures as indicators of the company’s business performance, as well  
as for operational planning and decision-making purposes. Non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for,  
or superior to, ﬁnancial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. All ﬁnancial measures herein are in accordance with GAAP unless otherwise indicated.
A2017 adjusted results exclude the following:

•   Net gain from the termination of the merger agreement of approximately $936 million pretax, or $4.31 per diluted common share; includes the net 

breakup fee and transaction costs net of the tax beneﬁt associated with certain expenses which were previously non-deductible.

•   Amortization expense for identiﬁable intangibles of approximately $75 million pretax, or $0.32 per diluted common share.
•   The one-year beneﬁcial effect of a lower effective tax rate of approximately $    2.15 per diluted common share in light of pricing and beneﬁt design 
assumptions associated with the 2017 temporary suspension of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee; excludes Individual Commercial 
segment impact. 

•   Guaranty fund assessment expense of approximately $54 million pretax, or $0.24 per diluted common share, to support the policyholder obligations of 

Penn Treaty (an unafﬁliated long-term care insurance company). Under state guaranty assessment laws, the company may be assessed (up to prescribed 
limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or lines of business as the 
company. On March 1, 2017, a court ordered the liquidation of Penn Treaty which triggered assessments from the state guaranty associations.

•   Operating earnings of approximately $193 million pretax, or $0.84 per diluted common share, for the company’s Individual Commercial segment given 

the company’s exit on January 1, 2018, as previously disclosed.

•   Expense of approximately $148 million pretax, or $0.64 per diluted common share, associated with voluntary and involuntary workforce reduction programs.
•   Expense of approximately $17 million pretax, or $0.08 per diluted common share, associated with early retirement of debt in the fourth quarter of 2017.
•   The impact of approximately $0.92 per diluted common share associated with the re-measurement of deferred tax assets at lower corporate tax rates 

under the Tax Reform Law. 

B2016 adjusted results (recast) exclude the following:

•   Transaction and integration costs of $104 million pretax, or $0.64 per diluted common share, associated with the then-pending merger agreement.
•   Amortization expense for identiﬁable intangibles of approximately $77 million, or $0.32 per diluted common share.
•   Operating losses of $869 million pretax, or $3.78 per diluted common share, for the company’s Individual Commercial segment given the company’s  

exit on January 1, 2018. Includes the write-off of receivables associated with the risk corridor premium stabilization program.

•   Pretax expenses of $505 million, or $2.11 per diluted common share, of reserve strengthening related to the company’s non-strategic closed block of 

long-term care insurance business (included in “Other Businesses” in company’s consolidating statement of operations).

09

Back row, left to right: William J. McDonald, W. Roy Dunbar, James J. O’Brien, Marissa T. Peterson, David A. Jones, Jr., Willam E. Mitchell
Front row, left to right: David B. Nash, M.D., Frank A. D’Amelio, Bruce D. Broussard, Frank J. Bisignano, Kurt J. Hilzinger, Karen B. DeSalvo, M.D. 

HUMANA
BOARD
OF 
DIRECTORS

KURT J. HILZINGER
Chairman of the Board
Humana Inc.
Partner
Court Square Capital Partners, LP
FRANK J. BISIGNANO
Chairman of the Board and  
Chief Executive Ofﬁcer 
First Data Corporation
BRUCE D. BROUSSARD
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer 
Humana Inc.
FRANK A. D’AMELIO
Executive Vice President, Business Operations 
and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer  
Pﬁzer, Inc.
KAREN B. DESALVO, M.D., MPH, MSC 
Former Acting Assistant Secretary  
for Health at the U.S. Department of  
Health and Human Services
W. ROY DUNBAR
Former Chairman of the Board 
NetworkSolutions

DAVID A. JONES, JR.
Chairman and Managing Partner 
Chrysalis Ventures, LLC
WILLIAM J. MCDONALD
Managing Partner  
Wild Irishman Advisory, LLC
WILLIAM E. MITCHELL
Managing Partner  
Sequel Venture Partners, LLC
DAVID B. NASH, M.D.
Founding Dean  
Jefferson College of Population Health 
Thomas Jefferson University
JAMES J. O’BRIEN
Former Chairman of the Board  
and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer  
Ashland, Inc.
MARISSA T. PETERSON
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer 
Mission Peak Executive Consulting

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from                     to                     

Commission file number 1-5975

HUMANA INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State of incorporation)

500 West Main Street Louisville, Kentucky

(Address of principal executive offices)

 
 

 
 

61-0647538

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

40202
(Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (502) 580-1000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common stock, $0.16 2/3 par value

 
 

Name of exchange on which registered

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the 

Act.    Yes  

    No  

Act.    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to 
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, 

every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this 
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such 
files).    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, 
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by 
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a 

smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” 
and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
    Non-accelerated filer  

    Smaller reporting company  

Large accelerated filer   

    Accelerated filer  

    

Emerging growth company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition 
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange 
Act).    Yes  

    No  

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2017 was 

$34,733,751,307 calculated using the average price on June 30, 2017 of $240.77.

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant’s Common Stock as of January 31, 2018 was 137,684,326.

Parts II and III incorporate herein by reference portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to 

Regulation 14A with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

HUMANA INC.

INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 

 

 

Page

Business

Item 1.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.

Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosures

Part I

Part II

Item 5.

Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Item 6.
Item 7.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Item 9B. Other Information

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.

Item 13.
Item 14.

Item 15.

Part III

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
Signatures and Certifications

Part IV

2

3
17
31
32
33
33

34
37
39
78
80
141
141
142

143
146

146
147
147

148
160

Forward-Looking Statements

Some of the statements under “Business,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations,” and elsewhere in this report may contain forward-looking statements which reflect our current 
views with respect to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are made within the 
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the 
Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-
looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we are including this statement 
for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our 
current expectations and projections about future events, trends and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements 
are  not  guarantees  of  future  performance  and  are  subject  to  risks,  uncertainties  and  assumptions,  including  the 
information discussed under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this report. In making these statements, we are not 
undertaking to address or update them in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Our 
business is highly complicated, regulated and competitive with many different factors affecting results.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 General

PART I

Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, Humana Inc. and its subsidiaries, referred to throughout this document as 
“we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” or “Humana,” is a leading health and well-being company committed to helping 
our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. Our successful history in care delivery and 
health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well
being and lower costs. Our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare, families, individuals, 
military service personnel, and communities at large. To accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care 
professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. Our range of 
clinical capabilities, resources and tools, such as in home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics 
and wellness solutions, combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more 
effective. 

 As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately 14 million members in our medical benefit plans, as well as 
approximately 7 million members in our specialty products. During 2017, 79% of our total premiums and services 
revenue were derived from contracts with the federal government, including 15% derived from our individual Medicare 
Advantage contracts in Florida with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, under which we provide 
health insurance coverage to approximately 609,600 members as of December 31, 2017.

Humana Inc. was organized as a Delaware corporation in 1964. Our principal executive offices are located at 500 
West Main Street, Louisville, Kentucky 40202, the telephone number at that address is (502) 580-1000, and our website 
address is www.humana.com. We have made available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our web 
site our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, 
and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as 
soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or 2017 Form 10-K, contains both historical and forward-looking information. 
See Item 1A. – Risk Factors in this 2017 Form 10-K for a description of a number of factors that may adversely affect 
our results or business.

Aetna Merger 

On July 2, 2015, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, which we refer to in this report as the Merger 
Agreement, with Aetna Inc. and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Aetna Inc., which we refer to collectively as 

3

Aetna, which sets forth the terms and conditions under which we agreed to merge with, and become a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Aetna, a transaction we refer to in this report as the Merger.  On February 14, 2017, we and Aetna agreed 
to mutually terminate the July 2, 2015 Agreement and Plan of Merger as more fully discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated 
financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Health Care Reform

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, 
which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law, enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the 
U.S. health insurance industry. Certain significant provisions of the Health Care Reform Law include, among others, 
mandated  coverage  requirements,  mandated  benefits  and  guarantee  issuance  associated  with  commercial  medical 
insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to Medicare Advantage premiums, 
the establishment of federally-facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among 
insurers, and the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values. In addition, the Health Care Reform Law 
established insurance industry assessments, including an annual health insurance industry fee and a three-year industry 
wide commercial reinsurance fee.  The Health Care Reform Law is discussed more fully in Item 7. – Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the section titled “Health Care Reform” 
in this 2017 Form 10-K.

If we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of 
the Health Care Reform Law, our business may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, potential legislative 
changes, including activities to repeal or replace the Health Care Reform Law, creates uncertainty for our business, 
and we cannot predict when, or in what form, such legislative changes may occur. We may be unable to adjust our 
product offerings, geographic footprint, or pricing during any given year such legislative changes occur in sufficient 
time to mitigate any adverse effects.

Business Segments

During the first quarter of 2017, we realigned certain of our businesses among our reportable segments to correspond 
with internal management reporting changes corresponding to those used by our chief operating decision maker to 
evaluate results of operations and our previously announced planned exit from the Individual Commercial medical 
business on January 1, 2018. Additionally, we renamed our Group segment to the Group and Specialty segment, and 
began presenting the Individual Commercial business results as a separate segment rather than as part of the Retail 
segment.  Specialty  health  insurance  benefits,  including  dental,  vision,  other  supplemental  health,  and  financial 
protection products, marketed to individuals are now included in the Group and Specialty segment. Specialty health 
insurance benefits marketed to employer groups continue to be included in the Group and Specialty segment. As a 
result of this realignment, our reportable segments now include Retail, Group and Specialty, Healthcare Services, and 
Individual Commercial. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2017 presentation.
See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data for segment financial information. 

We manage our business with four reportable segments: Retail, Group and Specialty, Healthcare Services, and 
Individual  Commercial.  In  addition,  the  Other  Businesses  category  includes  businesses  that  are  not  individually 
reportable because they do not meet the quantitative thresholds required by generally accepted accounting principles. 
These segments are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on 
well-being  solutions  for  our  health  plans  and  other  customers,  as  described  below. These  segment  groupings  are 
consistent with information used by our Chief Executive Officer to assess performance and allocate resources.

Our Products

Our medical and specialty insurance products allow members to access health care services primarily through our 
networks of health care providers with whom we have contracted. These products may vary in the degree to which 
members have coverage. Health maintenance organizations, or HMOs, generally require a referral from the member’s 
primary care provider before seeing certain specialty physicians. Preferred provider organizations, or PPOs, provide 
members the freedom to choose a health care provider without requiring a referral. However PPOs generally require 

4

the member to pay a greater portion of the provider’s fee in the event the member chooses not to use a provider 
participating in the PPO’s network. Point of Service, or POS, plans combine the advantages of HMO plans with the 
flexibility of PPO plans. In general, POS plans allow members to choose, at the time medical services are needed, to 
seek care from a provider within the plan’s network or outside the network. In addition, we offer services to our health 
plan members as well as to third parties that promote health and wellness, including pharmacy solutions, provider, and 
clinical programs, as well as services and capabilities to advance population health. At the core of our strategy is our 
integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data analytics. 
Three core elements of the model are to improve the consumer experience by simplifying the interaction with us, 
engaging members in clinical programs, and offering assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to 
a value-based arrangement. Our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality 
care  that  is  consistent,  integrated,  cost-effective,  and  member-focused. The  model  is  designed  to  improve  health 
outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, 
seamless healthcare experience. The discussion that follows describes the products offered by each of our segments.

Our Retail Segment Products

This segment is comprised of products sold on a retail basis to individuals including medical and supplemental 
benefit plans described in the discussion that follows. The following table presents our premiums and services revenue 
for the Retail segment by product for the year ended December 31, 2017:
 

 
Premiums:

Individual Medicare Advantage
Group Medicare Advantage
Medicare stand-alone PDP
Total Retail Medicare

State-based Medicaid
Medicare Supplement

Total premiums

Services

Total premiums and services revenue

Retail Segment
Premiums and
Services Revenue

Percent of
Consolidated
Premiums  and
Services Revenue

(dollars in millions)

$

$

32,720
5,155
3,702
41,577
2,571
478
44,626
10
44,636

61.3%
9.7%
6.9%
77.9%
4.8%
0.9%
83.6%
—%
83.6%

Medicare

We have participated in the Medicare program for private health plans for over 30 years and have established a 
national  presence,  offering  at  least  one  type  of  Medicare  plan  in  all  50  states. We  have  a  geographically  diverse 
membership base that we believe provides us with greater ability to expand our network of PPO and HMO providers. 
We employ strategies including health assessments and clinical guidance programs such as lifestyle and fitness programs 
for seniors to guide Medicare beneficiaries in making cost-effective decisions with respect to their health care. We 
believe these strategies result in cost savings that occur from making positive behavior changes.

Medicare is a federal program that provides persons age 65 and over and some disabled persons under the age of 
65 certain hospital and medical insurance benefits. CMS, an agency of the United States Department of Health and 
Human Services, administers the Medicare program. Hospitalization benefits are provided under Part A, without the 
payment of any premium, for up to 90 days per incident of illness plus a lifetime reserve aggregating 60 days. Eligible 
beneficiaries are required to pay an annually adjusted premium to the federal government to be eligible for physician 
care and other services under Part B. Beneficiaries eligible for Part A and Part B coverage under traditional fee-for-
service Medicare are still required to pay out-of-pocket deductibles and coinsurance. Throughout this document this 
program is referred to as Medicare FFS. As an alternative to Medicare FFS, in geographic areas where a managed care 
organization has contracted with CMS pursuant to the Medicare Advantage program, Medicare beneficiaries may 

5

choose to receive benefits from a Medicare Advantage organization under Medicare Part C. Pursuant to Medicare Part 
C, Medicare Advantage organizations contract with CMS to offer Medicare Advantage plans to provide benefits at least 
comparable to those offered under Medicare FFS. Our Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans are discussed more fully 
below. Prescription drug benefits are provided under Part D.

Individual Medicare Advantage Products

We contract with CMS under the Medicare Advantage program to provide a comprehensive array of health insurance 
benefits, including wellness programs, chronic care management, and care coordination, to Medicare eligible persons 
under HMO, PPO, and Private Fee-For-Service, or PFFS, plans in exchange for contractual payments received from 
CMS, usually a fixed payment per member per month. With each of these products, the beneficiary receives benefits 
in  excess  of  Medicare  FFS,  typically  including  reduced  cost  sharing,  enhanced  prescription  drug  benefits,  care 
coordination,  data  analysis  techniques  to  help  identify  member  needs,  complex  case  management,  tools  to  guide 
members in their health care decisions, care management programs, wellness and prevention programs and, in some 
instances, a reduced monthly Part B premium. Most Medicare Advantage plans offer the prescription drug benefit under 
Part D as part of the basic plan, subject to cost sharing and other limitations. Accordingly, all of the provisions of the 
Medicare Part D program described in connection with our stand-alone prescription drug plans in the following section 
also are applicable to most of our Medicare Advantage plans. Medicare Advantage plans may charge beneficiaries 
monthly  premiums  and  other  copayments  for  Medicare-covered  services  or  for  certain  extra  benefits.  Generally, 
Medicare-eligible individuals enroll in one of our plan choices between October 15 and December 7 for coverage that 
begins on the following January 1.

Our Medicare HMO and PPO plans, which cover Medicare-eligible individuals residing in certain counties, may 
eliminate or reduce coinsurance or the level of deductibles on many other medical services while seeking care from 
participating in-network providers or in emergency situations. Except in emergency situations or as specified by the 
plan, most HMO plans provide no out-of-network benefits. PPO plans carry an out-of network benefit that is subject 
to higher member cost-sharing. In some cases, these beneficiaries are required to pay a monthly premium to the HMO 
or PPO plan in addition to the monthly Part B premium they are required to pay the Medicare program.

Most  of  our  Medicare  PFFS  plans  are  network-based  products  with  in  and  out  of  network  benefits  due  to  a 
requirement that Medicare Advantage organizations establish adequate provider networks, except in geographic areas 
that CMS determines have fewer than two network-based Medicare Advantage plans. In these areas, we offer Medicare 
PFFS plans that have no preferred network. Individuals in these plans pay us a monthly premium to receive typical 
Medicare Advantage benefits along with the freedom to choose any health care provider that accepts individuals at 
rates equivalent to Medicare FFS payment rates.

CMS uses monthly rates per person for each county to determine the fixed monthly payments per member to pay 
to health benefit plans. These rates are adjusted under CMS’s risk-adjustment model which uses health status indicators, 
or risk scores, to improve the accuracy of payment. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to 
the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally 
pays more for members with predictably higher costs and uses principal hospital inpatient diagnoses as well as diagnosis 
data from ambulatory treatment settings (hospital outpatient department and physician visits) to establish the risk-
adjustment  payments.  Under  the  risk-adjustment  methodology,  all  health  benefit  organizations  must  collect  from 
providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. CMS is phasing-
in the process of calculating risk scores using diagnoses data from the Risk Adjustment Processing System, or RAPS, 
to diagnoses data from the Encounter Data System, or EDS. The RAPS process requires MA plans to apply a filter 
logic based on CMS guidelines and only submit claims that satisfy those guidelines. For submissions through EDS, 
CMS requires MA plans to submit all the encounter data and CMS will apply the risk adjustment filtering logic to 
determine the risk scores. For 2016, 10% of the risk score was calculated from claims data submitted through EDS, 
increasing to 25% of the risk score calculated from claims data through EDS for 2017. In April 2017, CMS revised the 
pace of the phase-in. For 2018, 15% of the risk score will be calculated from claims data submitted through EDS. 

At December 31, 2017, we provided health insurance coverage under CMS contracts to approximately 2,860,800
individual  Medicare Advantage  members,  including  approximately  609,600  members  in  Florida.  These  Florida 
contracts accounted for premiums revenue of approximately $7.8 billion, which represented approximately 23.8% of 

6

our individual Medicare Advantage premiums revenue, or 14.6% of our consolidated premiums and services revenue 
for the year ended December 31, 2017.

Our HMO, PPO, and PFFS products covered under Medicare Advantage contracts with CMS are renewed generally 
for a calendar year term unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which 
the contract would end, or we notify CMS of our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar 
year in which the contract would end. All material contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare 
Advantage products have been renewed for 2018, and all of our product offerings filed with CMS for 2018 have been 
approved.

Individual Medicare Stand-Alone Prescription Drug Products

We offer stand-alone prescription drug plans, or PDPs, under Medicare Part D, including a PDP offering co-branded 
with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or the Humana-Walmart plan. Generally, Medicare-eligible individuals enroll in one of our 
plan choices between October 15 and December 7 for coverage that begins on the following January 1. Our stand-alone 
PDP offerings consist of plans offering basic coverage with benefits mandated by Congress, as well as plans providing 
enhanced coverage with varying degrees of out-of-pocket costs for premiums, deductibles, and co-insurance. Our 
revenues from CMS and the beneficiary are determined from our PDP bids submitted annually to CMS. These revenues 
also reflect the health status of the beneficiary and risk sharing provisions as more fully described in Note 2 to the 
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, titled “Medicare 
Part D.” Our stand-alone PDP contracts with CMS are renewed generally for a calendar year term unless CMS notifies 
us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which the contract would end, or we notify CMS of 
our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar year in which the contract would end. All material 
contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare stand-alone PDP products have been renewed for 2018, 
and all of our product offerings filed with CMS for 2018 have been approved.

We  have  administered  CMS’s  Limited  Income  Newly  Eligible Transition,  or  LI-NET,  prescription  drug  plan 
program since 2010. This program allows individuals who receive Medicare’s low-income subsidy to also receive 
immediate prescription drug coverage at the point of sale if they are not already enrolled in a Medicare Part D plan. 
CMS temporarily enrolls newly identified individuals with both Medicare and Medicaid into the LI-NET prescription 
drug plan program, and subsequently transitions each member into a Medicare Part D plan that may or may not be a 
Humana Medicare plan.

Group Medicare Advantage and Medicare stand-alone PDP

We offer products that enable employers that provide post-retirement health care benefits to replace Medicare wrap 
or Medicare supplement products with Medicare Advantage or stand-alone PDPs from Humana. These products offer 
the same types of benefits and services available to members in our individual Medicare plans discussed previously 
and can be tailored to closely match an employer’s post-retirement benefit structure.

State-based Medicaid Contracts

Our  state-based  contracts  allow  us  to  serve  members  enrolled  in  state-based  Medicaid  programs  including 
Temporary Assistance  to  Needy  Families,  or  TANF,  Long-Term  Support  Services,  or  LTSS,  and  dual  eligible 
demonstration programs. TANF is a state and federally funded program that provides cash assistance and supportive 
services to assist families with children under age 18, helping them achieve economic self-sufficiency. LTSS is a state 
and federally funded program that offers states a broad and flexible set of program design options and refers to the 
delivery of long-term support services for our members who receive home and community or institution-based services 
for long-term care. Our contracts are generally for three to five year terms.

We have contracts to serve Medicaid eligible members in Florida and Kentucky under the TANF program, as well 
as contracts in Florida under the LTSS program. Our Kentucky Medicaid contract is subject to a 100% coinsurance 
contract with CareSource Management Group Company, ceding all the risk to CareSource.

Medicare beneficiaries who also qualify for Medicaid due to low income or special needs are known as dual eligible 
beneficiaries,  or  dual  eligibles. The  dual  eligible  population  represents  a  disproportionate  share  of  Medicaid  and 

7

Medicare costs. There were approximately 10.7 million dual eligible individuals in the United States in 2017, trending 
upward due to Medicaid eligibility expansions and individuals aging into the Medicare program. Since the enactment 
of the Health Care Reform Law, states are pursuing stand-alone dual eligible CMS demonstration programs in which 
Medicare, Medicaid, and LTSS benefits are more tightly integrated. Eligibility for participation in these stand-alone 
dual eligible demonstration programs may require state-based contractual relationships in existing Medicaid programs. 

We previously had  an Integrated Care Program, or ICP, Medicaid contract in Illinois and a stand-alone dual eligible 
demonstration program in Virginia, both of which terminated on December 31, 2017. We continue to serve other dual 
eligible members enrolled in our Medicare Advantage and stand-alone prescription drug plans. 

Our Group and Specialty Segment Products

The Group and Specialty segment consists of employer group commercial fully-insured medical and specialty 
health insurance benefits marketed to individuals and employer groups, including dental, vision, and other supplemental 
health and voluntary insurance benefits, as well as administrative services only, or ASO products as described in the 
discussion that follows. The following table presents our premiums and services revenue for the Group and Specialty 
segment by product for the year ended December 31, 2017:

  Group and Specialty

Segment

Premiums and
Services Revenue

Percent of
Consolidated
Premiums  and
Services Revenue

 
External Revenue:

Premiums:

Fully-insured commercial group
Specialty

Total premiums

Services

Total premiums and services revenue

Intersegment services revenue

n/a – not applicable

Group Commercial Coverage 

(dollars in millions)

$

$
$

5,462
1,310
6,772
626
7,398
20

10.2%
2.5%
12.7%
1.2%
13.9%
n/a

Our commercial products sold to employer groups include a broad spectrum of major medical benefits with multiple 
in-network coinsurance levels and annual deductible choices that employers of all sizes can offer to their employees 
on either a fully-insured, through HMO, PPO, or POS plans, or self-funded basis. Our plans integrate clinical programs, 
plan designs, communication tools, and spending accounts. We participate in the Federal Employee Health Benefits 
Program, or FEHBP, primarily with our HMO offering in certain markets. FEHBP is the government’s health insurance 
program for Federal employees, retirees, former employees, family members, and spouses. 

Our administrative services only, or ASO, products are offered to employers who self-insure their employee health 
plans. We receive fees to provide administrative services which generally include the processing of claims, offering 
access to our provider networks and clinical programs, and responding to customer service inquiries from members of 
self-funded employers. These products may include all of the same benefit and product design characteristics of our 
fully-insured HMO, PPO, or POS products described previously. Under ASO contracts, self-funded employers generally 
retain the risk of financing substantially all of the cost of health benefits. However, more than half of our ASO customers 
purchase stop loss insurance coverage from us to cover catastrophic claims or to limit aggregate annual costs.

Employers can customize their offerings with optional benefits such as dental, vision, life, and a portfolio of 
voluntary benefit products. We also offer optional benefits such as dental, vision life, and a portfolio of financial 
protection products to individuals.

8

Military Services

Under our TRICARE contracts with the United States Department of Defense, or DoD, we provide administrative 
services to arrange health care services for the dependents of active duty military personnel and for retired military 
personnel and their dependents. We have participated in the TRICARE program since 1996 under contracts with the 
DoD. Under our contracts, we provide administrative services while the federal government retains all of the risk of 
the cost of health benefits. Accordingly, we account for revenues under the current contract net of estimated health care 
costs similar to an administrative services fee only agreement. During 2017, we delivered services under the 5-year T3 
South Region contract, which expired on December 31, 2017. On July 21, 2016, we were notified by the Defense Health 
Agency, or DHA, that we were awarded the contract for the new TRICARE T2017 East Region. The T2017 East Region 
contract is a consolidation of the former T3 North and South Regions, comprising thirty-two states and approximately 
six million TRICARE beneficiaries, with delivery of health care services commencing on January 1, 2018.  The T2017 
East contract is a 5-year contract set to expire on December 31, 2022 and is subject to renewals on January 1 of each 
year during its term at the government's option.

Our Healthcare Services Segment Products

The products offered by our Healthcare Services segment are key to our integrated care delivery model. This 
segment is comprised of stand-alone businesses that offer services including pharmacy solutions, provider services, 
clinical care services, and predictive modeling and informatics services to other Humana businesses, as well as external 
health plan members, external health plans, and other employers or individuals and are described in the discussion that 
follows. Our intersegment revenue is described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. 
– Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The following table presents our services revenue for the Healthcare 
Services segment by line of business for the year ended December 31, 2017:

Healthcare  Services

Segment

Services Revenue

Percent of
Consolidated
Premiums  and
Services Revenue

 
Intersegment revenue:

Pharmacy solutions
Provider services
Clinical care services

Total intersegment revenue

External services revenue:

Pharmacy solutions
Provider services
Clinical care services

Total external services revenue

n/a – not applicable

Pharmacy solutions

(dollars in millions)

20,881
1,593
1,111
23,585

80
77
181
338

n/a
n/a
n/a

0.2%
0.1%
0.3%
0.6%

$

$

$

$

Humana Pharmacy Solutions®, or HPS, manages traditional prescription drug coverage for both individuals and 
employer groups in addition to providing a broad array of pharmacy solutions. HPS also operates prescription mail 
order services for brand, generic, and specialty drugs and diabetic supplies through Humana Pharmacy, Inc., as well 
as research services.

9

Provider services

We operate full-service, multi-specialty medical centers, primarily in Florida, staffed by primary care providers 
and medical specialists practicing cardiology, endocrinology, geriatric medicine, internal medicine, ophthalmology, 
neurology, and podiatry.

We also operate Transcend, a Medical Services Organization, or MSO, that coordinates medical care for Medicare 
Advantage beneficiaries primarily in four states. Transcend provides resources in care coordination, financial risk 
management, clinical integration and patient engagement that help physicians improve the patient experience as well 
as  care  outcomes.  Transcend  collaborates  with  physicians,  medical  groups  and  integrated  delivery  systems  to 
successfully  transition  to  value-based  care  by  engaging,  partnering  and  offering  practical  services  and  solutions. 
Transcend represents a key component of our integrated care delivery model which we believe is scalable to new 
markets.  In  addition,  we  own  a  noncontrolling  equity  interest  in  MCCI  Holdings,  LLC,  a  privately  held  MSO 
headquartered in Miami, Florida, that primarily coordinates medical care for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries in 
Florida and Texas. 

Programs to enhance the quality of care for members are key elements of our integrated care delivery model. We 
believe that technology represents a significant opportunity in health care that positively impacts our members. Our 
Transcend Insights business focuses on population health and wellness capabilities across the sector and serves health 
care systems, physicians and care teams by leveraging actionable data to help improve patient care. We help care teams 
and patients transition from a reactive approach to care to one that proactively promotes health and long-term wellness. 
We have enhanced our health information technology capabilities enabling us to create a more complete view of an 
individual’s health, designed to connect, coordinate and simplify health care while reducing costs. These capabilities 
include our health care analytics engine, which reviews billions of clinical data points on millions of patients each day 
to provide members, providers, and payers real-time clinical insights to identify evidence-based gaps-in-care, drug 
safety alerts and other critical health concerns to improve outcomes. Additionally, our technology connects Humana 
and disparate electronic health record systems to enable the exchange of essential health information in real-time to 
provide physicians and care teams with a single, comprehensive patient view. 

On June 1, 2015, we completed the sale of our wholly owned subsidiary, Concentra Inc., or Concentra, that delivered 
occupational medicine, urgent care, physical therapy, and wellness services to employees and the general public through 
its operation of medical centers and worksite medical facilities. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements 
included in Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Clinical care services

Via in-home care, telephonic health counseling/coaching, and remote monitoring, we are actively involved in the 
care management of our customers with the greatest needs. Clinical care services include the operations of Humana 
At Home, Inc., or Humana At Home®. As a chronic-care provider of in-home care for seniors, we provide innovative 
and  holistic  care  coordination  services  for  individuals  living  with  multiple  chronic  conditions,  individuals  with 
disabilities, fragile and aging-in-place members and their care givers. We focus our deployment of these services in 
geographies, such as Florida, with a high concentration of members living with multiple chronic conditions. The clinical 
support and care provided by Humana At Home is designed to improve health outcomes and result in a higher number 
of days members can spend at their homes instead of in an acute care facility. At December 31, 2017, we have enrolled 
approximately 794,900 members with complex chronic conditions in a Humana Chronic Care Program, reflecting 
enhanced  predictive  modeling  capabilities  and  focus  on  proactive  clinical  outreach  and  member  engagement, 
particularly for our Medicare Advantage membership. We believe these initiatives lead to better health outcomes for 
our members and lower health care costs.

We have committed additional investments in our home care capabilities. On December 19, 2017, we announced 
that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a 40% minority interest in the Kindred at Home Division of 
Kindred Healthcare Inc., the nation’s largest home health provider and second largest hospice operator.

We are committed to the integrated physical and mental health of our members. Accordingly, we take a holistic 

approach to healthcare, offering care management and wellness programs. 

10

Our care management programs take full advantage of the population health, wellness and clinical applications 
offered by Transcend Insights and CareHub, our clinical management tool used by providers and care managers across 
the company to help our members achieve their best health, to offer various levels of support, matching the intensity 
of the support to the needs of members with ongoing health challenges through telephonic and onsite programs. These 
programs include Personal Nurse, chronic condition management, and case management as well as programs supporting 
maternity, cancer, neonatal intensive care unit, and transplant services. 

Wellness

We offer wellness solutions including our Go365 wellness and loyalty rewards program, health coaching, employee 
assistance program, and clinical programs. These programs, when offered collectively to employer customers as our 
Total Health product, turn any standard plan of the employer's choosing into an integrated health and well-being solution 
that encourages participation in these programs. 

Our Go365 program provides our members with access to a science-based, actuarially driven wellness and loyalty 
program that features a wide range of well-being tools and rewards that are customized to an individual’s needs and 
wants. A key element of the program includes a sophisticated health-behavior-change model supported by an incentive 
program.

Our Individual Commercial Segment Products

Our individual health plans were marketed under the HumanaOne brand. We offered products both on and off of 
the public exchange. We offered products on exchanges where we could achieve an affordable cost of care, including 
HMO offerings and select networks in most markets. Our off-exchange products were primarily PPO and POS offerings, 
including plans issued prior to 2014 that were previously underwritten. Policies issued prior to the enactment of the 
Health Care Reform Law on March 23, 2010 were grandfathered policies. Grandfathered policies are exempt from 
most of the requirements of the Health Care Reform Law, including mandated benefits. However, our grandfathered 
plans included provisions that guaranteed renewal of coverage for as long as the plan is continued and the individual 
chooses to renew. Policies issued between March 23, 2010 and December 31, 2013 were required to conform to the 
Health Care Reform Law, including mandated benefits, upon renewal at various transition dates between 2016 and 
2017 depending on the state.

We discontinued substantially all Health Care Reform Law compliant off-exchange individual commercial medical 
plans effective January 1, 2017. We exited our remaining individual commercial medical business effective January 1, 
2018 as more fully described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data.

Other Businesses

Other Businesses primarily includes our closed block of long-term care insurance policies described below. Total 
premiums and services revenue for our Other Businesses was $43 million, or 0.1% of consolidated premiums and 
services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017.

We have a non-strategic closed block of approximately 29,800 long-term care insurance policies associated with 
our acquisition of KMG America Corporation in 2007. Long-term care insurance policies are intended to protect the 
insured from the cost of long-term care services including those provided by nursing homes, assisted living facilities, 
and adult day care as well as home health care services. No new policies have been written since 2005 under this closed 
block.

On November 6, 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
KMG America Corporation, or KMG, to Continental General Insurance Company, or CGIC, a Texas-based insurance 
company wholly owned by HC2 Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company. KMG’s subsidiary, Kanawha Insurance 
Company, or KIC, includes our closed block of non-strategic commercial long-term care insurance policies. For a 
detailed discussion of the definitive agreement refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

11

Membership

The following table summarizes our total medical membership at December 31, 2017, by market and product:

 
 

Retail Segment

Group and Specialty Segment

 

 

 

(in thousands)

 
Florida
Texas
Kentucky
California
Ohio
Illinois
Georgia
Missouri/Kansas
Tennessee
Louisiana
North Carolina
Wisconsin
Virginia
Indiana
Michigan
Pennsylvania
Arizona
South Carolina
Military services
Others

Totals

Individual
Medicare
Advantage
609.6
225.0
79.7
64.8
119.3
95.1
113.9
81.7
146.1
158.5
142.4
59.9
116.6
93.0
49.1
42.8
59.2
88.5
—
515.6
2,860.8

Group
Medicare
Advantage
16.0
189.6
58.9
0.4
20.3
22.0
1.8
5.0
3.9
11.6
0.4
10.9
2.6
7.0
12.5
0.6
0.2
0.4
—
77.3
441.4

Provider Arrangements

Medicare

stand-

alone PDP
388.7
331.9
221.6
490.5
194.9
190.9
135.9
228.0
119.2
61.3
184.5
121.7
158.3
146.6
150.3
166.1
100.1
89.0
—
1,828.6
5,308.1

Medicare 
Supplement
7.2
8.7
5.6
19.5
47.7
4.5
10.5
8.5
4.4
1.9
0.7
5.7
8.6
8.2
3.0
4.6
4.1
5.0
—
77.5
235.9

State-
based

contracts
339.7
—
—
—
—
12.8
—
—
—
—
—
—
7.6
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
360.1

Fully-
insured

commercial

Group

Military
services
ASO
—
34.0
124.6
—
201.3
23.8
—
109.6 144.4
—
—
—
51.2
—
76.0
—
27.6
—
10.3
—
10.1
—
9.8
—
—
—
30.1
—
—
—
12.3
—
0.4
—
—
—
2.8
—
—
— 3,081.8
—
1,097.7 458.7 3,081.8

—
50.6
59.9
163.7
51.3
42.3
69.0
—
84.2
—
20.1
3.7
—
29.0
—
—
88.4

25.9

Individual
Commercial
13.9
5.2
1.5
—
1.2
6.4
1.7
14.0
57.6
19.8
—
—
—
—
4.9
—
—
—
—
2.6
128.8

Other

Businesses

Total

Percent
of Total
11.0%
7.0%
4.4%
4.1%
3.5%
3.3%
3.3%
2.9%
2.7%
2.4%
2.3%
2.2%
2.1%
2.1%
1.6%
1.5%
1.4%
1.3%
22.0%
29.8
18.9%
29.8 14,003.1 100.0%

— 1,533.7
985.5
—
—
621.3
575.2
—
485.2
—
467.6
—
—
455.1
398.8
—
383.6
—
331.9
—
—
328.0
312.5
—
293.7
—
—
287.2
223.9
—
214.1
—
195.4
—
—
182.9
— 3,081.8
2,645.7

We provide our members with access to health care services through our networks of health care providers whom 
we employ or with whom we have contracted, including hospitals and other independent facilities such as outpatient 
surgery centers, primary care providers, specialist physicians, dentists, and providers of ancillary health care services 
and  facilities. These  ancillary  services  and  facilities  include  laboratories,  ambulance  services,  medical  equipment 
services, home health agencies, mental health providers, rehabilitation facilities, nursing homes, optical services, and 
pharmacies. Our membership base and the ability to influence where our members seek care generally enable us to 
obtain contractual discounts with providers.

We use a variety of techniques to provide access to effective and efficient use of health care services for our 
members. These techniques include the coordination of care for our members, product and benefit designs, hospital 
inpatient management systems, the use of sophisticated analytics, and enrolling members into various care management 
programs. The focal point for health care services in many of our HMO networks is the primary care provider who, 
under contract with us, provides services to our members, and may control utilization of appropriate services by directing 
or approving hospitalization and referrals to specialists and other providers. Some physicians may have arrangements 
under which they can earn bonuses when certain target goals relating to the provision of quality patient care are met. 
We have available care management programs related to complex chronic conditions such as congestive heart failure 
and coronary artery disease. We also have programs for prenatal and premature infant care, asthma related illness, end 
stage renal disease, diabetes, cancer, and certain other conditions.

12

We typically contract with hospitals on either (1) a per diem rate, which is an all-inclusive rate per day, (2) a case 
rate for diagnosis-related groups (DRG), which is an all-inclusive rate per admission, or (3) a discounted charge for 
inpatient  hospital  services.  Outpatient  hospital  services  generally  are  contracted  at  a  flat  rate  by  type  of  service, 
ambulatory payment classifications, or APCs, or at a discounted charge. APCs are similar to flat rates except multiple 
services and procedures may be aggregated into one fixed payment. These contracts are often multi-year agreements, 
with rates that are adjusted for inflation annually based on the consumer price index, other nationally recognized inflation 
indexes, or specific negotiations with the provider. Outpatient surgery centers and other ancillary providers typically 
are contracted at flat rates per service provided or are reimbursed based upon a nationally recognized fee schedule such 
as the Medicare allowable fee schedule.

Our contracts with physicians typically are renewed automatically each year, unless either party gives written 
notice, generally ranging from 90 to 120 days, to the other party of its intent to terminate the arrangement. Most of the 
physicians in our PPO networks and some of our physicians in our HMO networks are reimbursed based upon a fixed 
fee schedule, which typically provides for reimbursement based upon a percentage of the standard Medicare allowable 
fee schedule.

The terms of our contracts with hospitals and physicians may also vary between Medicare and commercial business. 
A significant portion of our Medicare network contracts, including those with both hospitals and physicians, are tied 
to Medicare reimbursement levels and methodologies.

Capitation

We offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care and offer assistance to providers 
in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. These include performance bonuses, shared savings 
and shared risk relationships. For some of our medical membership, we share risk with providers under capitation 
contracts where physicians and hospitals accept varying levels of financial risk for a defined set of membership, primarily 
HMO membership. Under the typical capitation arrangement, we prepay these providers a monthly fixed-fee per 
member, known as a capitation (per capita) payment, to cover all or a defined portion of the benefits provided to the 
capitated member.

We believe these risk-based models represent a key element of our integrated care delivery model at the core of 
our strategy. Our health plan subsidiaries may enter into these risk-based contracts with third party providers or our 
owned provider subsidiaries.

At December 31, 2017, approximately 1,102,100 members, or 7.9% of our medical membership, were covered 
under risk-based contracts, including 903,500 individual Medicare Advantage members, or 31.6% of our total individual 
Medicare Advantage membership. 

Physicians under capitation arrangements typically have stop loss coverage so that a physician’s financial risk for 
any single member is limited to a maximum amount on an annual basis. We typically process all claims and monitor 
the financial performance and solvency of our capitated providers. However, we delegated claim processing functions 
under capitation arrangements covering approximately 170,700 HMO members, including 155,500 individual Medicare 
Advantage members, or 17.2% of the 903,500 individual Medicare Advantage members covered under risk-based 
contracts at December 31, 2017, with the provider assuming substantially all the risk of coordinating the members’ 
health  care  benefits. Capitation  expense  under  delegated  arrangements  for  which  we  have  a  limited  view  of  the 
underlying claims experience was approximately $1.4 billion, or 3.2% of total benefits expense, for the year ended 
December 31, 2017. We remain financially responsible for health care services to our members in the event our providers 
fail to provide such services.

13

Accreditation Assessment

Our  accreditation  assessment  program  consists  of  several  internal  programs,  including  those  that  credential 
providers and those designed to meet the audit standards of federal and state agencies as well as external accreditation 
standards. We  also  offer  quality  and  outcome  measurement  and  improvement  programs  such  as  the  Health  Care 
Effectiveness Data and Information Sets, or HEDIS, which is used by employers, government purchasers and the 
National Committee for Quality Assurance, or NCQA, to evaluate health plans based on various criteria, including 
effectiveness of care and member satisfaction.

Providers participating in our networks must satisfy specific criteria, including licensing, patient access, office 
standards,  after-hours  coverage,  and  other  factors.  Most  participating  hospitals  also  meet  accreditation  criteria 
established by CMS and/or the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.

Recredentialing of participating providers occurs every two to three years, depending on applicable state laws. 
Recredentialing of participating providers includes verification of their medical licenses, review of their malpractice 
liability claims histories, review of their board certifications, if applicable, and review of applicable quality information. 
A committee, composed of a peer group of providers, reviews the applications of providers being considered for 
credentialing and recredentialing.

We  request  accreditation  for  certain  of  our  health  plans  and/or  departments  from  NCQA,  the Accreditation 
Association for Ambulatory Health Care, and URAC. Accreditation or external review by an approved organization is 
mandatory in the states of Florida and Kansas for licensure as an HMO. Additionally, all products sold on the federal 
and state marketplaces are required to be accredited. Certain commercial businesses, like those impacted by a third-
party labor agreement or those where a request is made by the employer, may require or prefer accredited health plans.

NCQA reviews our compliance based on standards for quality improvement, credentialing, utilization management, 
member connections, and member rights and responsibilities. We have achieved and maintained NCQA accreditation 
in most of our commercial, Medicare and Medicaid HMO/POS markets with enough history and membership, and for 
many of our PPO markets.

Sales and Marketing

We use various methods to market our products, including television, radio, the Internet, telemarketing, and direct 

mailings.

At December 31, 2017, we employed approximately 1,600 sales representatives, as well as approximately 1,300
telemarketing representatives who assisted in the marketing of Medicare in our Retail segment, individual commercial 
health insurance in our Individual Commercial segment, and specialty products in our Group and Specialty segment, 
including making appointments for sales representatives with prospective members. We have a marketing arrangement 
with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or Wal-Mart, for our individual Medicare stand-alone PDP offering. We also sell group 
Medicare Advantage products through large employers.  In addition, we market our Medicare and individual commercial 
health insurance and specialty products through licensed independent brokers and agents. For our Medicare products, 
commissions paid to employed sales representatives and independent brokers and agents are based on a per unit 
commission structure, regulated in structure and amount by CMS. For our individual commercial health insurance and 
specialty products, we generally pay brokers a commission based on premiums, with commissions varying by market 
and premium volume. In addition to a commission based directly on premium volume for sales to particular customers, 
we also have programs that pay brokers and agents based on other metrics. These include commission bonuses based 
on sales that attain certain levels or involve particular products. We also pay additional commissions based on aggregate 
volumes of sales involving multiple customers.

In our Group and Specialty segment, individuals may become members of our commercial HMOs and PPOs 
through their employers or other groups, which typically offer employees or members a selection of health insurance 
products, pay for all or part of the premiums, and make payroll deductions for any premiums payable by the employees. 
We attempt to become an employer’s or group’s exclusive source of health insurance benefits by offering a variety of 
HMO, PPO, and specialty products that provide cost-effective quality health care coverage consistent with the needs 

14

and expectations of their employees or members. In addition, we offer plans to employer groups through private 
exchanges. Employers can give their employees a set amount of money and then direct them to a private exchange 
where employees can shop for a health plan and other benefits based on what the employer has selected as options.  
We use licensed independent brokers, independent agents, and employees to sell our group products. Many of our larger 
employer group customers are represented by insurance brokers and consultants who assist these groups in the design 
and purchase of health care products. We pay brokers and agents using the same commission structure described above 
for our individual commercial health insurance and specialty products.

Underwriting

Since 2014, the Health Care Reform Law requires all individual and certain group health plans to guarantee issuance 
and renew coverage without pre-existing condition exclusions or health-status rating adjustments. Accordingly, newly 
issued individual and certain group health plans are not subject to underwriting. Further, underwriting techniques are 
not employed in connection with our Medicare, military services, or Medicaid products because government regulations 
require us to accept all eligible applicants regardless of their health or prior medical history.

Competition

The health benefits industry is highly competitive. Our competitors vary by local market and include other managed 
care companies, national insurance companies, and other HMOs and PPOs. Many of our competitors have a larger 
membership base and/or greater financial resources than our health plans in the markets in which we compete. Our 
ability to sell our products and to retain customers may be influenced by such factors as those described in Item 1A. – 
Risk Factors in this 2017 Form 10-K.

Government Regulation

Diverse legislative and regulatory initiatives at both the federal and state levels continue to affect aspects of the 

nation’s health care system.

Our management works proactively to ensure compliance with all governmental laws and regulations affecting 
our business. We are unable to predict how existing federal or state laws and regulations may be changed or interpreted, 
what additional laws or regulations affecting our businesses may be enacted or proposed, when and which of the 
proposed laws will be adopted or what effect any such new laws and regulations will have on our results of operations, 
financial position, or cash flows.

For a description of certain material current activities in the federal and state legislative areas, see Item 1A. – Risk 

Factors in this 2017 Form 10-K.

15

Certain Other Services

Captive Insurance Company

We bear general business risks associated with operating our Company such as professional and general liability, 
employee workers’ compensation, and officer and director errors and omissions risks. Professional and general liability 
risks may include, for example, medical malpractice claims and disputes with members regarding benefit coverage. 
We retain certain of these risks through our wholly-owned, captive insurance subsidiary. We reduce exposure to these 
risks by insuring levels of coverage for losses in excess of our retained limits with a number of third-party insurance 
companies. We remain liable in the event these insurance companies are unable to pay their portion of the losses.

Centralized Management Services

We provide centralized management services to each of our health plans and to our business segments from our 
headquarters and service centers. These services include management information systems, product development and 
administration, finance, human resources, accounting, law, public relations, marketing, insurance, purchasing, risk 
management,  internal  audit,  actuarial,  underwriting,  claims  processing,  billing/enrollment,  and  customer  service. 
Through intercompany service agreements approved, if required, by state regulatory authorities, Humana Inc., our 
parent company, charges a management fee for reimbursement of certain centralized services provided to its subsidiaries.

Employees

As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately 45,900 employees and approximately 2,000 additional medical 
professionals  working  under  management  agreements  primarily  between  us  and  affiliated  physician-owned 
associations. We believe we have good relations with our employees and have not experienced any work stoppages.

16

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

Risks Relating to Certain Proposed Transactions 

Certain proposed transactions, including the divestiture of our subsidiary, KMG, and the acquisition of a minority 
interest in Kindred Healthcare, Inc.’s Kindred at Home division, are subject to various closing conditions, including 
various regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, as well as other uncertainties, and there can be no 
assurances as to whether and when it may be completed.

On November 6, 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
KMG to CGIC, a Texas-based insurance company wholly owned by HC2 Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company. 
KMG’s subsidiary, KIC, includes our closed block of non-strategic commercial long-term care insurance policies that 
serves approximately 29,800 policyholders. On December 19, 2017, we announced that we had entered into a definitive 
agreement to acquire a 40% minority interest in the Kindred at Home division of Kindred Healthcare, Inc.  Consummation 
of each of these transactions involves certain risks, including, among other things, the timing to consummate the 
transaction, the risk that a condition to closing of the transaction may not be satisfied, the risk that required regulatory 
approvals for the transaction are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to conditions that are not anticipated, the risk 
that we may not recognize all or a portion of the expected benefits from either or both transactions, including tax benefits 
and  expected  synergies,  and  the  risk  of  indemnification  exposure  under  the  contractual  agreements  to  effect  the 
transactions.

Risks Relating to Our Business

If we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if the premiums we charge are insufficient 
to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, if we are unable to implement clinical initiatives 
to provide a better health care experience for our members, lower costs and appropriately document the risk profile 
of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely 
affected. We estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments, and design and price our products accordingly, 
using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon, among other relevant factors, claim payment patterns, medical 
cost inflation, and historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns. We continually 
review  these  estimates,  however  these  estimates  involve  extensive  judgment,  and  have  considerable  inherent 
variability because they are extremely sensitive to changes in claim payment patterns and medical cost trends.  Any 
reserve, including a premium deficiency reserve, may be insufficient.

We use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members. These 
costs include claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), and 
various other costs incurred to provide health insurance coverage to our members. These costs also include estimates 
of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care provided to our members. Generally, premiums in the health 
care business are fixed for one-year periods. Accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections 
generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. We estimate the costs of our future benefit 
claims and other expenses using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical 
inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. 
We also record benefits payable for future payments. We continually review estimates of future payments relating to 
benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves, 
including premium deficiency reserves where appropriate. However, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and 
have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Many factors 
may and often do cause actual health care costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. These 
factors may include:

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

increased use of medical facilities and services; 
increased cost of such services; 
increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs;
the introduction of new or costly treatments, including new technologies; 
our membership mix;

17

• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, 
product changes or benefit level changes;
changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market;
changes  or  reductions  of  our  utilization  management  functions  such  as  preauthorization  of  services, 
concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals; 
changes in our pharmacy volume rebates received from drug manufacturers;
catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health epidemics, or severe weather (e.g. hurricanes and 
earthquakes); 

•  medical cost inflation; and
• 

government mandated benefits or other regulatory changes, including any that result from the Health Care 
Reform Law.

 
Key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better health 
care experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately 
document the risk profile of our members. Our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part on our ability to 
appropriately manage health care costs through, among other things, the application of medical management programs 
such as our chronic care management program. 

In addition, we also estimate costs associated with long-duration insurance policies including long-term care, life 
insurance, annuities, and certain health and other supplemental insurance policies sold to individuals for which some 
of the premium received in the earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. At 
policy issuance, these future policy benefit reserves are recognized on a net level premium method based on interest 
rates, mortality, morbidity, and maintenance expense assumptions. Because these policies have long-term claim payout 
periods, there is a greater risk of significant variability in claims costs, either positive or negative. Our actual claims 
experience will emerge many years after assumptions have been established. The risk of a deviation of the actual interest, 
morbidity,  mortality,  and  maintenance  expense  assumptions  from  those  assumed  in  our  reserves  are  particularly 
significant to our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. We monitor the loss experience of these long-term 
care insurance policies, and, when necessary, apply for premium rate increases through a regulatory filing and approval 
process in the jurisdictions in which such products were sold. However, to the extent premium rate increases or loss 
experience vary from the assumptions we have locked in, additional future adjustments to reserves could be required. 

While we proactively attempt to effectively manage our operating expenses, increases or decreases in staff-related 
expenses, any costs associated with exiting products, additional investment in new products (including our opportunities 
in the Medicare programs, state-based contracts, participation in health insurance exchanges, and expansion of clinical 
capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model), investments in health and well-being product offerings, 
acquisitions,  new  taxes  and  assessments  (including  the  non-deductible  health  insurance  industry  fee),  and 
implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses.

Failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or future policy benefits payable, 
or effectively manage our operating expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, 
financial position, and cash flows.

We are in a highly competitive industry. Some of our competitors are more established in the health care industry 
in terms of a larger market share and have greater financial resources than we do in some markets. In addition, other 
companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the Medicare program or competitors 
in the delivery of health care services. We believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition 
of  new  competitors  can  occur  relatively  easily,  and  customers  enjoy  significant  flexibility  in  moving  between 
competitors. Contracts for the sale of commercial products are generally bid upon or renewed annually. While health 
plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect 
that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. In addition to the challenge of controlling health care 
costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. Factors such as business consolidations, strategic 
alliances, legislative reform, and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being 
faced with increasing medical costs.

18

The policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the Medicare, military and Medicaid 
programs in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. These governmental policies and 
decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the premiums or other revenues to us under the 
programs, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, 
health care services, and other costs associated with these programs. Legislative or regulatory actions, such as those 
resulting in a reduction in premium payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and health care services, 
or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial 
position, and cash flows.

Premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various 
markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. Other actions that could affect membership 
levels include our possible exit from or entrance into Medicare or commercial markets, or the termination of a large 
contract. 

If we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets 
to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we 
lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable 
medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely 
affected.

If we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including our Medicare initiatives 
and our state-based contracts strategy, our business may be materially adversely affected, which is of particular 
importance given the concentration of our revenues in these products. In addition, there can be no assurances that 
we will be successful in maintaining or improving our Star ratings in future years.

Our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our strategy, including opportunities 
created by the expansion of our Medicare programs, the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery 
model and our strategy with respect to state-based contracts, including those covering members dually eligible for the 
Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

We have made substantial investments in the Medicare program to enhance our ability to participate in these 
programs. We have increased the size of our Medicare geographic reach through expanded Medicare product offerings. 
We offer both stand-alone Medicare prescription drug coverage and Medicare Advantage health plans with prescription 
drug coverage in addition to our other product offerings. We offer a Medicare prescription drug plan in 50 states as 
well as Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia. The growth of our Medicare products is an important part of our 
business strategy. Any failure to achieve this growth may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, 
financial position, or cash flows. In addition, the expansion of our Medicare products in relation to our other businesses 
may intensify the risks to us inherent in Medicare products. There is significant concentration of our revenues in 
Medicare products, with approximately 78% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 
31, 2017 generated from our Medicare products, including 15% derived from our individual Medicare Advantage 
contracts with CMS in Florida. These expansion efforts may result in less diversification of our revenue stream and 
increased risks associated with operating in a highly regulated industry, as discussed further below.

The Health Care Reform Law created a federal Medicare-Medicaid Coordination Office to serve dual eligibles. 
This Medicare-Medicaid Coordination Office has initiated a series of state demonstration projects to experiment with 
better coordination of care between Medicare and Medicaid. Depending upon the results of those demonstration projects, 
CMS may change the way in which dual eligibles are serviced. If we are unable to implement our strategic initiatives 
to address the dual eligibles opportunity, including our participation in state-based contracts, or if our initiatives are 
not successful at attracting or retaining dual eligible members, our business may be materially adversely affected. 

Additionally, our strategy includes the growth of our commercial products, introduction of new products and benefit 
designs, including Go365 and other wellness products, growth of our specialty products such as dental, vision and other 
supplemental products, the adoption of new technologies, development of adjacent businesses, and the integration of 
acquired businesses and contracts. 

19

The achievement of Star ratings of 4-Star or higher qualifies Medicare Advantage plans for premium bonuses. Our 
Medicare Advantage plans' operating results may be significantly affected by their star ratings. Despite our operational 
efforts to improve our star ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving 
our star ratings in future years. In addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades 
to our Star ratings. Accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses, which could adversely 
affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership and/or reduce profit margins.

If we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, to strategically implement new information systems, or 

to protect our proprietary rights to our systems, our business may be materially adversely affected. 

Our business depends significantly on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data 
we use to run our business. Our business strategy involves providing members and providers with easy to use products 
that leverage our information to meet their needs. Our ability to adequately price our products and services, provide 
effective and efficient service to our customers, and to timely and accurately report our financial results depends 
significantly on the integrity of the data in our information systems. As a result of our past and on-going acquisition 
activities, we have acquired additional information systems. We have reduced the number of systems we operate, have 
upgraded and expanded our information systems capabilities, and are gradually migrating existing business to fewer 
systems. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and 
enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing 
technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. If the information we rely 
upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain effectively our information 
systems and data integrity, we could have operational disruptions, have problems in determining medical cost estimates 
and  establishing  appropriate  pricing,  have  customer  and  physician  and  other  health  care  provider  disputes,  have 
regulatory or other legal problems, have increases in operating expenses, lose existing customers, have difficulty in 
attracting new customers, or suffer other adverse consequences. 

We depend on independent third parties for significant portions of our systems-related support, equipment, facilities, 
and certain data, including data center operations, data network, voice communication services and pharmacy data 
processing. This dependence makes our operations vulnerable to such third parties' failure to perform adequately under 
the contract, due to internal or external factors. A change in service providers could result in a decline in service quality 
and effectiveness or less favorable contract terms which may adversely affect our operating results. 

We rely on our agreements with customers, confidentiality agreements with employees, and our trade secrets and 
copyrights to protect our proprietary rights. These legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation 
of our proprietary information. In addition, substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in the 
software industry, including litigation involving end users of software products. We expect software products to be 
increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in this area grows.

There can be no assurance that our information technology, or IT, process will successfully improve existing 
systems, develop new systems to support our expanding operations, integrate new systems, protect our proprietary 
information, defend against cybersecurity attacks, or improve service levels. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
additional systems issues will not arise in the future. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our 
information systems and data, or to defend against cybersecurity attacks, may result in a material adverse effect on our 
results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

If we are unable to defend our information technology security systems against cybersecurity attacks or prevent 
other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or in the unintended 
dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be exposed to 
significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or experience a material adverse effect on 
our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

In the ordinary course of our business, we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, including sensitive 
personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or a third-party.  A 
cybersecurity attack may penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal 
information  or  proprietary  or  confidential  information  or  that  of  third-parties,  create  system  disruptions,  cause 

20

shutdowns, or deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems.  A cybersecurity 
attack that bypasses our IT security systems successfully could materially affect us due to the theft, destruction, loss, 
misappropriation or release of confidential data or intellectual property, operational or business delays resulting from 
the disruption of our IT systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our members, 
customers, providers, and other stakeholders.

The costs to eliminate or address cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities before or after an incident could be 
substantial.  Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of 
service, and loss of existing or potential members.  In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized 
dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our members or 
other third-parties, could expose our associates' or members’ private information and result in the risk of financial or 
medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in significant 
regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise 
harm our business.

We are involved in various legal actions and governmental and internal investigations, any of which, if resolved 
unfavorably to us, could result in substantial monetary damages or changes in our business practices. Increased 
litigation and negative publicity could increase our cost of doing business.

We are or may become a party to a variety of legal actions that affect our business, including breach of contract 
actions, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, employee benefit claims, stockholder suits and other 
securities laws claims, and tort claims.

In addition, because of the nature of the health care business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating 
to our business operations, including the design, management, and offering of products and services. These include 
and could include in the future:

claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums; 
claims relating to the denial of health care benefit payments; 
claims relating to the denial or rescission of insurance coverage;
challenges to the use of some software products used in administering claims; 
claims relating to our administration of our Medicare Part D offerings;

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•  medical malpractice actions based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory 

that we are liable for providers' alleged malpractice; 
claims arising from any adverse medical consequences resulting from our recommendations about the 
appropriateness of providers’ proposed medical treatment plans for patients;
allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; 
provider disputes over compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts or provider 
contract disputes relating to rate adjustments resulting from the Balance Budget and Emergency Deficit 
Control Act of 1985, as amended (commonly referred to as “sequestration”); 
disputes related to ASO business, including actions alleging claim administration errors; 
qui tam litigation brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that we, as 
a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government including, among other allegations, 
resulting from coding and review practices under the Medicare risk-adjustment model;
claims related to the failure to disclose some business practices;  
claims relating to customer audits and contract performance; 
claims relating to dispensing of drugs associated with our in-house mail-order pharmacy; and

• 

• 
• 

• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

21

• 

professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public.

In some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages as well as treble damages under the federal False 

Claims Act, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and other statutes may be sought. 

While we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may 
not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover 
the damages awarded. In addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. 
In some jurisdictions, coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. Insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability 
may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.

The health benefits industry continues to receive significant negative publicity reflecting the public perception of 
the industry. This publicity and perception have been accompanied by increased litigation, including some large jury 
awards, legislative activity, regulation, and governmental review of industry practices. These factors may materially 
adversely affect our ability to market our products or services, may require us to change our products or services or 
otherwise change our business practices, may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate, and may require 
us to pay large judgments or fines. Any combination of these factors could further increase our cost of doing business 
and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

See "Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters" in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements 
included in Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We cannot predict the outcome of these matters 
with certainty.

As a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business or our 

willingness or ability to participate in government health care programs.

A significant portion of our revenues relates to federal and state government health care coverage programs, 
including the Medicare, military, and Medicaid programs. These programs accounted for approximately 84% of our 
total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017. These programs involve various risks, as 
described further below.

•  At  December  31,  2017,  under  our  contracts  with  CMS  we  provided  health  insurance  coverage  to 
approximately 609,600 individual Medicare Advantage members in Florida. These contracts accounted for 
approximately 15% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017. The 
loss of these and other CMS contracts or significant changes in the Medicare program as a result of legislative 
or regulatory action, including reductions in premium payments to us or increases in member benefits without 
corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of 
operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

•  Our military services business, which accounted for approximately 1% of our total premiums and services 
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily consisted of the T3 TRICARE South Region 
contract. The 5-year T3 South Region contract expired on December 31, 2017. On July 21, 2016, we were 
notified by the Defense Health Agency, or DHA, that we were awarded the contract for the new TRICARE 
T2017 East Region. The T2017 East Region contract is a consolidation of the former T3 North and South 
Regions, comprising thirty-two states and approximately six million TRICARE beneficiaries, with delivery 
of health care services commencing on January 1, 2018. The loss of the TRICARE T2017 East Region 
contract may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•  There is a possibility of temporary or permanent suspension from participating in government health care 
programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, if we are convicted of fraud or other criminal conduct in the 
performance of a health care program or if there is an adverse decision against us under the federal False 
Claims Act. As a government contractor, we may be subject to qui tam litigation brought by individuals 
who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that the government contractor submitted false claims 
to the government. Litigation of this nature is filed under seal to allow the government an opportunity to 
investigate and to decide if it wishes to intervene and assume control of the litigation. If the government 

22

does not intervene, the lawsuit is unsealed, and the individual may continue to prosecute the action on his 
or her own.

•  CMS uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans 
according  to  health  status  of  covered  members. The  risk-adjustment  model,  which  CMS  implemented 
pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 
2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, 
rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our 
prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to 
an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to reflect the 
health status of our enrolled membership. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect 
and  submit  the  necessary  diagnosis  code  information  from  hospital  inpatient,  hospital  outpatient,  and 
physician providers to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis 
data to calculate the risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS adjusts for coding pattern 
differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service program. We generally rely on 
providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions 
with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our payment received from CMS under 
the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical 
data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews 
as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions 
under the risk adjustment model. These compliance efforts include the internal contract level audits described 
in more detail below, as well as ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes.

CMS is phasing-in the process of calculating risk scores using diagnoses data from the Risk Adjustment 
Processing System, or RAPS, to diagnoses data from the Encounter Data System, or EDS. The RAPS process 
requires MA plans to apply a filter logic based on CMS guidelines and only submit claims that satisfy those 
guidelines. For submissions through EDS, CMS requires MA plans to submit all the encounter data and 
CMS will apply the risk adjustment filtering logic to determine the risk scores. For 2016, 10% of the risk 
score was calculated from claims data submitted through EDS, increasing to 25% of the risk score calculated 
from claims data through EDS for 2017. In April 2017, CMS revised the pace of the phase-in. For 2018, 
15% of the risk score will be calculated from claims data submitted through EDS. The phase-in from RAPS 
to EDS could result in different risk scores from each dataset as a result of plan processing issues, CMS 
processing issues, or filtering logic differences between RAPS and EDS, and could have a material adverse 
effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.

CMS is continuing to perform audits of various companies’ selected MA contracts related to this risk 
adjustment diagnosis data. We refer to these audits as Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits, or RADV 
audits. RADV audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation 
and coding practices which influence the calculation of premium payments to MA plans. 

In 2012, CMS released a “Notice of Final Payment Error Calculation Methodology for Part C Medicare 
Advantage  Risk  Adjustment  Data  Validation  (RADV)  Contract-Level  Audits.”  The  payment  error 
calculation methodology provides that, in calculating the economic impact of audit results for an MA 
contract, if any, the results of the RADV audit sample will be extrapolated to the entire MA contract after 
a comparison of the audit results to a similar audit of Medicare FFS (we refer to the process of accounting 
for errors in FFS claims as the "FFS Adjuster"). This comparison of RADV audit results to the FFS error 
rate is necessary to determine the economic impact, if any, of RADV audit results because the government 
used the Medicare FFS program data set, including any attendant errors that are present in that data set, to 
estimate the costs of various health status conditions and to set the resulting adjustments to MA plans’ 
payment rates. CMS already makes other adjustments to payment rates based on a comparison of coding 
pattern differences between MA plans and Medicare FFS data (such as for frequency of coding for certain 
diagnoses in MA plan data versus the Medicare FFS program dataset).
The final RADV extrapolation methodology, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to 
determine audit settlements, is expected to be applied to RADV contract level audits conducted for contract 

23

year 2011 and subsequent years. CMS is currently conducting RADV contract level audits for contract years 
2011, 2012, and 2013 in which two, five and five of our Medicare Advantage plans are being audited, 
respectively. Per CMS guidance, selected MA contracts will be notified of an audit at some point after the 
close of the final reconciliation for the payment year being audited.
Estimated audit settlements are recorded as a reduction of premiums revenue in our consolidated statements 
of income, based upon available information. We perform internal contract level audits based on the RADV 
audit methodology prescribed by CMS. Included in these internal contract level audits is an audit of our 
Private Fee-For Service business which we used to represent a proxy of the FFS Adjuster which has not yet 
been released. We based our accrual of estimated audit settlements for each contract year on the results of 
these internal contract level audits and update our estimates as each audit is completed. Estimates derived 
from these results were not material to our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We report 
the results of these internal contract level audits to CMS, including identified overpayments, if any. However, 
as indicated, we are awaiting additional guidance from CMS regarding the FFS Adjuster. Accordingly, we 
cannot determine whether such RADV audits will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, 
financial position, or cash flows.

In addition, as part of our internal compliance efforts, we routinely perform ordinary course reviews of our 
internal business processes related to, among other things, our risk coding and data submissions in connection 
with  the  risk-adjustment  model.   These  reviews  may  also  result  in  the  identification  of  errors  and  the 
submission of corrections to CMS, that may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material.  As such, 
these ordinary course reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial 
position, or cash flows.

In addition, CMS' comments in formalized guidance regarding “overpayments” to MA plans appear to be 
inconsistent with CMS' prior RADV audit guidance. These statements, contained in the preamble to CMS’ 
final rule release regarding Medicare Advantage and Part D prescription drug benefit program regulations 
for Contract Year 2015, appear to equate each Medicare Advantage risk adjustment data error with an 
“overpayment” without reconciliation to the principles underlying the FFS Adjuster referenced above. We 
will continue to work with CMS to ensure that MA plans are paid accurately and that payment model 
principles are in accordance with the requirements of the Social Security Act, which, if not implemented 
correctly could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
•  Our CMS contracts which cover members’ prescription drugs under Medicare Part D contain provisions for 
risk sharing and certain payments for prescription drug costs for which we are not at risk. These provisions, 
certain of which are described below, affect our ultimate payments from CMS.
The premiums from CMS are subject to risk corridor provisions which compare costs targeted in our annual 
bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard 
coverage as defined by CMS. Variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in CMS making additional 
payments to us or require us to refund to CMS a portion of the premiums we received (known as a “risk 
corridor”). We estimate and recognize an adjustment to premiums revenue related to the risk corridor payment 
settlement based upon pharmacy claims experience. The estimate of the settlement associated with these 
risk corridor provisions requires us to consider factors that may not be certain, including member eligibility 
differences with CMS. Our estimate of the settlement associated with the Medicare Part D risk corridor 
provisions was a net payable of $279 million and $150 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
Reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent payments from CMS in connection with the Medicare 
Part D program for which we assume no risk. Reinsurance subsidies represent payments for CMS’s portion 
of claims costs which exceed the member’s out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. 
Low-income  cost  subsidies  represent  payments  from  CMS  for  all  or  a  portion  of  the  deductible,  the 
coinsurance  and  co-payment  amounts  above  the  out-of-pocket  threshold  for  low-income  beneficiaries. 
Monthly prospective payments from CMS for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on 
assumptions submitted with our annual bid. A reconciliation and settlement of CMS’s prospective subsidies 
against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the end of the applicable year. 

24

Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based 
on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. This reconciliation 
process requires us to submit claims data necessary for CMS to administer the program. Our claims data 
may not pass CMS’s claims edit processes due to various reasons, including discrepancies in eligibility or 
classification of low-income members. To the extent our data does not pass CMS’s claim edit processes, 
we may bear the risk for all or a portion of the claim which otherwise may have been subject to the risk 
corridor  provision  or  payment  which  we  would  have  otherwise  received  as  a  low-income  subsidy  or 
reinsurance claim. In addition, in the event the settlement represents an amount CMS owes us, there is a 
negative impact on our cash flows and financial condition as a result of financing CMS’s share of the risk. 
The opposite is true in the event the settlement represents an amount we owe CMS.

•  We are also subject to various other governmental audits and investigations. Under state laws, our HMOs 
and health insurance companies are audited by state departments of insurance for financial and contractual 
compliance. Our HMOs are audited for compliance with health services by state departments of health. 
Audits and investigations are also conducted by state attorneys general, CMS, the Office of the Inspector 
General of Health and Human Services, the Office of Personnel Management, the Department of Justice, 
the Department of Labor, and the Defense Contract Audit Agency. All of these activities could result in the 
loss of licensure or the right to participate in various programs, including a limitation on our ability to market 
or sell products, the imposition of fines, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions, or changes in our 
business practices. The outcome of any current or future governmental or internal investigations cannot be 
accurately predicted, nor can we predict any resulting penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed 
at the discretion of federal or state regulatory authorities. Nevertheless, it is reasonably possible that any 
such outcome of litigation, penalties, fines or other sanctions could be substantial, and the outcome of these 
matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
Certain of these matters could also affect our reputation. In addition, disclosure of any adverse investigation 
or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our industry or our reputation in various markets and 
make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services.

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and 
premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, 
increasing our medical and operating costs by, among other things, requiring a minimum benefit ratio on insured 
products, lowering our Medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with a non-deductible health 
insurance industry fee and other assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value 
of our goodwill); and our cash flows. 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 
(which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law) enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the 
U.S. health insurance industry. The provisions of the Health Care Reform Law include, among others, imposing a 
significant new non-deductible health insurance industry fee and other assessments on health insurers, limiting Medicare 
Advantage payment rates, stipulating a prescribed minimum ratio for the amount of premiums revenue to be expended 
on medical costs for insured products, additional mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial 
medical  insurance,  requirements  that  limit  the  ability  of  health  plans  to  vary  premiums  based  on  assessments  of 
underlying risk, and heightened scrutiny by state and federal regulators of our business practices, including our Medicare 
bid and pricing practices. The Health Care Reform Law also specifies benefit design guidelines, limits rating and pricing 
practices,  encourages  additional  competition  (including  potential  incentives  for  new  market  entrants),  establishes 
federally-facilitated or state-based exchanges for individuals and small employers (with up to 100 employees) coupled 
with programs designed to spread risk among insurers (subject to federal administrative action), and expands eligibility 
for Medicaid programs (subject to state-by-state implementation of this expansion). Financing for these reforms  come, 
in part, from material additional fees and taxes on us and other health plans and individuals which began in 2014, as 
well as reductions in certain levels of payments to us and other health plans under Medicare. If we fail to effectively 
implement our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of the Health Care Reform Law, 
our business may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, potential legislative changes, including activities to 

25

repeal or replace the Health Care Reform Law, creates uncertainty for our business, and we cannot predict when, or in 
what form, such legislative changes may occur.

 For additional information, please refer to the section entitled, “Health Care Reform” in “Item 7 - Management’s 

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” appearing in this annual report.

Our business activities are subject to substantial government regulation. New laws or regulations, or changes 
in existing laws or regulations or their manner of application, including reductions in Medicare Advantage payment 
rates, could increase our cost of doing business and may adversely affect our business, profitability, financial 
condition, and cash flows.  

In addition to the Health Care Reform Law, the health care industry in general and health insurance are subject to 

substantial federal and state government regulation:

Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the Health Information Technology for Economic 
and Clinical Health Act (HITECH Act)

The use of individually identifiable health data by our business is regulated at federal and state levels. These laws 
and rules are changed frequently by legislation or administrative interpretation. Various state laws address the use and 
maintenance of individually identifiable health data. Most are derived from the privacy provisions in the federal Gramm-
Leach-Bliley  Act  and  the  Health  Insurance  Portability  and  Accountability  Act,  or  HIPAA.  HIPAA  includes 
administrative  provisions  directed  at  simplifying  electronic  data  interchange  through  standardizing  transactions, 
establishing uniform health care provider, payer, and employer identifiers, and seeking protections for confidentiality 
and security of patient data. The rules do not provide for complete federal preemption of state laws, but rather preempt 
all inconsistent state laws unless the state law is more stringent.

These regulations set standards for the security of electronic health information. Violations of these rules could 
subject us to significant criminal and civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. Compliance with HIPAA 
regulations requires significant systems enhancements, training and administrative effort. HIPAA can also expose us 
to additional liability for violations by our business associates (e.g., entities that provide services to health plans and 
providers).

The HITECH Act, one part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, significantly broadened the 
scope of the privacy and security regulations of HIPAA. Among other requirements, the HITECH Act and HIPAA 
mandate individual notification in the event of a breach of unsecured, individually identifiable health information, 
provides enhanced penalties for HIPAA violations, requires business associates to comply with certain provisions of 
the HIPAA privacy and security rule, and grants enforcement authority to state attorneys general in addition to the HHS 
Office of Civil Rights. 

In addition, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy 
concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. State statutes and regulations vary from state 
to state and could impose additional penalties. Violations of HIPAA or applicable federal or state laws or regulations 
could subject us to significant criminal or civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. Compliance with 
HIPAA and other privacy regulations requires significant systems enhancements, training and administrative effort. 

American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA)

On February 17, 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, or ARRA, was enacted into law. 
In addition to including a temporary subsidy for health care continuation coverage issued pursuant to the Consolidated 
Omnibus  Budget  Reconciliation Act,  or  COBRA, ARRA  also  expands  and  strengthens  the  privacy  and  security 
provisions of HIPAA and imposes additional limits on the use and disclosure of protected health information, or 
PHI. Among other things, ARRA requires us and other covered entities to report any unauthorized release or use of or 
access to PHI to any impacted individuals and to HHS in those instances where the unauthorized activity poses a 
significant risk of financial, reputational or other harm to the individuals, and to notify the media in any states where 
500 or more people are impacted by any unauthorized release or use of or access to PHI. ARRA also requires business 

26

associates to comply with certain HIPAA provisions. ARRA also establishes higher civil and criminal penalties for 
covered  entities  and  business  associates  who  fail  to  comply  with  HIPAA’s  provisions  and  requires  HHS  to  issue 
regulations implementing its privacy and security enhancements. 

Corporate Practice of Medicine and Other Laws 

As a corporate entity, Humana Inc. is not licensed to practice medicine. Many states in which we operate through 
our subsidiaries limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed 
individuals, and business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. 
Statutes and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and 
similar issues vary widely from state to state. Under management agreements between certain of our subsidiaries and 
affiliated physician-owned professional groups, these groups retain sole responsibility for all medical decisions, as well 
as for hiring and managing physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, developing operating policies and 
procedures, implementing professional standards and controls, and maintaining malpractice insurance. We believe that 
our health services operations comply with applicable state statutes regarding corporate practice of medicine, fee-
splitting, and similar issues. However, any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance 
with these statutes, which could subject us to penalties or restructuring or reorganization of our business, may result 
in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

Anti-Kickback, Physician Self-Referral, and Other Fraud and Abuse Laws 

A federal law commonly referred to as the “Anti-Kickback Statute” prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation, or 
receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of Medicare or other governmental health 
program patients or patient care opportunities, or in return for the purchase, lease, or order of items or services that are 
covered by Medicare or other federal governmental health programs. Because the prohibitions contained in the Anti-
Kickback Statute apply to the furnishing of items or services for which payment is made in “whole or in part,” the Anti-
Kickback Statute could be implicated if any portion of an item or service we provide is covered by any of the state or 
federal health benefit programs described above. Violation of these provisions constitutes a felony criminal offense 
and applicable sanctions could include exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

Section 1877 of the Social Security Act, commonly known as the “Stark Law,” prohibits physicians, subject to 
certain exceptions described below, from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity providing “designated 
health services” in which the physician, or an immediate family member, has an ownership or investment interest or 
with  which  the  physician,  or  an  immediate  family  member,  has  entered  into  a  compensation  arrangement. These 
prohibitions, contained in the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, commonly known as “Stark II,” amended 
prior federal physician self-referral legislation known as “Stark I” by expanding the list of designated health services 
to a total of 11 categories of health services. The professional groups with which we are affiliated provide one or more 
of these designated health services. Persons or entities found to be in violation of the Stark Law are subject to denial 
of payment for services furnished pursuant to an improper referral, civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the 
Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

Many states also have enacted laws similar in scope and purpose to the Anti-Kickback Statute and, in more limited 
instances, the Stark Law, that are not limited to services for which Medicare or Medicaid payment is made. In addition, 
most states have statutes, regulations, or professional codes that restrict a physician from accepting various kinds of 
remuneration in exchange for making referrals. These laws vary from state to state and have seldom been interpreted 
by the courts or regulatory agencies. In states that have enacted these statutes, we believe that regulatory authorities 
and state courts interpreting these statutes may regard federal law under the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Stark Law 
as persuasive. 

We believe that our operations comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law, and similar federal or state 
laws addressing fraud and abuse. These laws are subject to modification and changes in interpretation, and are enforced 
by  authorities  vested  with  broad  discretion. We  continually  monitor  developments  in  this  area.  If  these  laws  are 
interpreted in a manner contrary to our interpretation or are reinterpreted or amended, or if new legislation is enacted 
with respect to healthcare fraud and abuse, illegal remuneration, or similar issues, we may be required to restructure 

27

our  affected  operations  to  maintain  compliance  with  applicable  law.  There  can  be  no  assurances  that  any  such 
restructuring will be possible or, if possible, would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, 
financial position, or cash flows. 

Environmental 

We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health 
and the environment. If an environmental regulatory agency finds any of our facilities to be in violation of environmental 
laws, penalties and fines may be imposed for each day of violation and the affected facility could be forced to cease 
operations. We could also incur other significant costs, such as cleanup costs or claims by third parties, as a result of 
violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws. Although we believe that our environmental practices, including 
waste handling and disposal practices, are in material compliance with applicable laws, future claims or violations, or 
changes in environmental laws, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or 
cash flows. 

State Regulation of Insurance-Related Products 

Laws in each of the states (and Puerto Rico) in which we operate our HMOs, PPOs and other health insurance-
related services regulate our operations including: capital adequacy and other licensing requirements, policy language 
describing benefits, mandated benefits and processes, entry, withdrawal or re-entry into a state or market, rate increases, 
delivery systems, utilization review procedures, quality assurance, complaint systems, enrollment requirements, claim 
payments, marketing, and advertising. The HMO, PPO, and other health insurance-related products we offer are sold 
under licenses issued by the applicable insurance regulators.

Our licensed insurance subsidiaries are also subject to regulation under state insurance holding company and Puerto 
Rico regulations. These regulations generally require, among other things, prior approval and/or notice of new products, 
rates, benefit changes, and certain material transactions, including dividend payments, purchases or sales of assets, 
intercompany agreements, and the filing of various financial and operational reports.

Any failure by us to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully may have 

a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

As  part  of  our  business  strategy,  we  frequently  engage  in  discussions  with  third  parties  regarding  possible 
investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and outsourcing transactions and often enter 
into agreements relating to such transactions in order to further our business objectives. In order to pursue our acquisition 
strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete transactions, some of which 
may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or employees. 
Integration and other risks can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated transactions, transactions outside 
of our core business space, or if multiple transactions are pursued simultaneously. The failure to successfully integrate 
acquired entities and businesses or failure to produce results consistent with the financial model used in the analysis 
of our acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
If we fail to identify and complete successfully transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required 
to  expend  resources  to  develop  products  and  technology  internally.  In  addition,  from  time  to  time,  we  evaluate 
alternatives for our businesses that do not meet our strategic, growth or profitability objectives. The divestiture of certain 
businesses could result, individually or in the aggregate, in the recognition of material losses and a material adverse 
effect on our results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such divestitures on 
terms favorable to us.

If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with the providers of care to our members, our 

business may be adversely affected.

We employ or contract with physicians, hospitals and other providers to deliver health care to our members. Our 
products encourage or require our customers to use these contracted providers. A key component of our integrated care 
delivery strategy is to increase the number of providers who share medical cost risk with us or have financial incentives 
to deliver quality medical services in a cost-effective manner.

28

In any particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions 
that could result in higher health care costs for us, less desirable products for customers and members or difficulty 
meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. In some markets, some providers, particularly hospitals, physician 
specialty groups, physician/hospital organizations, or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market 
positions and negotiating power. In addition, physician or practice management companies, which aggregate physician 
practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, may compete directly with us. If these providers refuse 
to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts with us or place us at a competitive 
disadvantage, or do not enter into contracts with us that encourage the delivery of quality medical services in a cost-
effective manner, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas may be adversely affected.

In  some  situations,  we  have  contracts  with  individual  or  groups  of  primary  care  providers  for  an  actuarially 
determined, fixed fee per month to provide a basket of required medical services to our members. This type of contract 
is referred to as a “capitation” contract. The inability of providers to properly manage costs under these capitation 
arrangements can result in the financial instability of these providers and the termination of their relationship with us. 
In addition, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care 
provider contracts can result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services 
available to our members. The financial instability or failure of a primary care provider to pay other providers for 
services rendered could lead those other providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular 
fixed payments to the primary provider. There can be no assurance that providers with whom we contract will properly 
manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. Any of these events 
may have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our results of operations, financial 
position, and cash flows.

Our pharmacy business is highly competitive and subjects us to regulations in addition to those we face with 

our core health benefits businesses.

Our pharmacy mail order business competes with locally owned drugstores, retail drugstore chains, supermarkets, 
discount retailers, membership clubs, internet companies and other mail-order and long-term care pharmacies. Our 
pharmacy business also subjects us to extensive federal, state, and local regulation. The practice of pharmacy is generally 
regulated at the state level by state boards of pharmacy. Many of the states where we deliver pharmaceuticals, including 
controlled substances, have laws and regulations that require out-of-state mail-order pharmacies to register with that 
state’s board of pharmacy. Federal agencies further regulate our pharmacy operations, requiring registration with the 
U.S. Drug  Enforcement Administration  and  individual  state  controlled  substance  authorities  in  order  to  dispense 
controlled  substances.  In  addition,  the  FDA  inspects  facilities  in  connection  with  procedures  to  effect  recalls  of 
prescription drugs. The Federal Trade Commission also has requirements for mail-order sellers of goods. The U.S. Postal 
Service, or USPS, has statutory authority to restrict the transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree 
that may have an adverse effect on our mail-order operations. The USPS historically has exercised this statutory authority 
only with respect to controlled substances. If the USPS restricts our ability to deliver drugs through the mail, alternative 
means of delivery are available to us. However, alternative means of delivery could be significantly more expensive. 
The U.S. Department of Transportation has regulatory authority to impose restrictions on drugs inserted in the stream 
of commerce. These regulations generally do not apply to the USPS and its operations. In addition, we are subject to 
CMS rules regarding the administration of our PDP plans and intercompany pricing between our PDP plans and our 
pharmacy business.

We are also subject to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care 
products, and the application of state laws related to the operation of internet and mail-order pharmacies. The failure 
to adhere to these laws and regulations may expose us to civil and criminal penalties.

Changes in the prescription drug industry pricing benchmarks may adversely affect our financial performance.

Contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for 
prescription drugs. These benchmarks include average wholesale price, which is referred to as “AWP,” average selling 
price, which is referred to as “ASP,” and wholesale acquisition cost. It is uncertain whether payors, pharmacy providers, 
pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as it 

29

has previously been calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the 
industry. Legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for Medicare and Medicaid programs. Regulators have conducted 
investigations  into  the  use  of AWP  for  federal  program  payment,  and  whether  the  use  of AWP  has  inflated  drug 
expenditures by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Federal and state proposals have sought to change the basis for 
calculating payment of certain drugs by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Adoption of ASP in lieu of AWP as the 
measure for determining payment by Medicare or Medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our mail-order pharmacy 
business may reduce the revenues and gross margins of this business which may result in a material adverse effect on 
our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

If  we  do  not  continue  to  earn  and  retain  purchase  discounts  and  volume  rebates  from  pharmaceutical 

manufacturers at current levels, our gross margins may decline.

We have contractual relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers or wholesalers that provide us with purchase 
discounts and volume rebates on certain prescription drugs dispensed through our mail-order and specialty pharmacies. 
These discounts and volume rebates are generally passed on to clients in the form of steeper price discounts. Changes 
in existing federal or state laws or regulations or in their interpretation by courts and agencies or the adoption of new 
laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, and purchase discount and volume rebate arrangements with 
pharmaceutical manufacturers, may reduce the discounts or volume rebates we receive and materially adversely impact 
our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

Our ability to obtain funds from certain of our licensed subsidiaries is restricted by state insurance regulations.

Because  we  operate  as  a  holding  company,  we  are  dependent  upon  dividends  and  administrative  expense 
reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund the obligations of Humana Inc., our parent company. Certain of our 
insurance  subsidiaries  operate  in  states  that  regulate  the  payment  of  dividends,  loans,  administrative  expense 
reimbursements or other cash transfers to Humana Inc., and require minimum levels of equity as well as limit investments 
to approved securities. The amount of dividends that may be paid to Humana Inc. by these insurance subsidiaries, 
without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity's level of 
statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. In most states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend 
even if approval is not required. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and 
surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. Dividends 
from  our  non-insurance  companies  such  as  in  our  Healthcare  Services  segment  are  generally  not  restricted  by 
Departments of Insurance. In the event that we are unable to provide sufficient capital to fund the obligations of Humana 
Inc., our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

Downgrades in our debt ratings, should they occur, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, 

and financial condition.

Claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are an increasingly 
important  factor  in  establishing  the  competitive  position  of  insurance  companies.  Ratings  information  is  broadly 
disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. We believe our claims paying ability and financial strength 
ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to certain of our customers. In addition, our debt ratings impact 
both the cost and availability of future borrowings. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically and there 
can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. Our ratings reflect each rating agency’s opinion 
of our financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders, 
but are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in our common stock and should not be relied upon 
as such. 

Historically, rating agencies take action to lower ratings due to, among other things, perceived concerns about 
liquidity or solvency, the competitive environment in the insurance industry, the inherent uncertainty in determining 
reserves for future claims, the outcome of pending litigation and regulatory investigations, and possible changes in the 
methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. In addition, rating agencies have come under regulatory and 
public scrutiny over the ratings assigned to various fixed-income products. As a result, rating agencies may (i) become 
more conservative in their methodology and criteria, (ii) increase the frequency or scope of their credit reviews, (iii) 

30

request additional information from the companies that they rate, or (iv) adjust upward the capital and other requirements 
employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. 

We believe that some of our customers place importance on our credit ratings, and we may lose customers and 
compete less successfully if our ratings were to be downgraded. In addition, our credit ratings affect our ability to obtain 
investment capital on favorable terms. If our credit ratings were to be lowered, our cost of borrowing likely would 
increase, our sales and earnings could decrease, and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may 
be materially adversely affected.

The securities and credit markets may experience volatility and disruption, which may adversely affect our 

business. 

Volatility or disruption in the securities and credit markets could impact our investment portfolio. We evaluate our 
investment securities for impairment on a quarterly basis. This review is subjective and requires a high degree of 
judgment. For the purpose of determining gross realized gains and losses, the cost of investment securities sold is based 
upon specific identification. For debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in income when the fair value 
of the debt security is less than the carrying value and we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely 
than not that we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, or if a credit loss 
has occurred. When we do not intend to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential other-than-temporary 
impairments are considered using variety of factors, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has 
been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the 
issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security 
by the rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance 
sheet date. For debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. We continuously 
review our investment portfolios and there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional 
material realized losses from sales or other-than-temporary impairments may be recorded in future periods.

We believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit 
agreement or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing 
operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at 
least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares. However, continuing adverse 
securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect the availability of credit. While there is no assurance 
in the current economic environment, we have no reason to believe the lenders participating in our credit agreement 
will not be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the agreement.

Our access to additional credit will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability 
of credit, both to the overall market and our industry, our credit ratings and debt capacity, as well as the possibility that 
customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long or short-term financial prospects. Similarly, our 
access to funds could be limited if regulatory authorities or rating agencies were to take negative actions against us. If 
a combination of these factors were to occur, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable 
terms or at all. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

31

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

The following table lists, by state, the number of medical centers and administrative offices we owned or 

leased at December 31, 2017:

 
 
Florida
Texas
Kentucky
Arizona
Louisiana
Virginia
California
South Carolina
Illinois
New York
Ohio
Indiana
Nevada
Puerto Rico
Tennessee
Colorado
Georgia
New Jersey
Michigan
Washington
North Carolina
Others

Total

Medical
Centers

Administrative

Offices

 

Owned

Leased

Owned

Leased

Total

11
—
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
13

147
19
1
12
5
9
—
6
5
—
1
4
7
—
—
5
5
—
5
4
2
7
244

—
2
11
—
—
—
2
4
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1
20

68
15
10
6
11
7
13
5
8
13
11
7
4
11
8
3
3
8
3
3
5
37
259

226
36
24
18
16
16
15
15
13
13
12
11
11
11
8
8
8
8
8
7
7
45
536

The medical centers we operate are primarily located in Florida and Texas, including full-service, multi-specialty 
medical centers staffed by primary care providers and medical specialists. Of the medical centers included in the table 
above, approximately 68 of these facilities are leased or subleased to our contracted providers to operate.

Our principal executive office is located in the Humana Building, 500 West Main Street, Louisville, Kentucky 
40202. In addition to the headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky, we maintain other principal operating facilities used 
for customer service, enrollment, and/or claims processing and certain other corporate functions in Louisville, Kentucky; 
Green Bay, Wisconsin; Tampa, Florida; Cincinnati, Ohio; San Antonio, Texas; and San Juan, Puerto Rico.

32

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are party to a variety of legal actions in the ordinary course of business, certain of which may be styled as 
class-action  lawsuits. Among  other  matters,  this  litigation  may  include  employment  matters,  claims  of  medical 
malpractice, bad faith, nonacceptance or termination of providers, anticompetitive practices, improper rate setting, 
provider contract rate disputes, failure to disclose network discounts and various other provider arrangements, general 
contractual matters, intellectual property matters, and challenges to subrogation practices. For a discussion of our 
material legal actions, including those not in the ordinary course of business, see “Legal Proceedings and Certain 
Regulatory Matters” in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data. We cannot predict the outcome of these suits with certainty.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

33

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information

Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HUM. The following table shows 
the range of high and low closing sales prices as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Price for each 
quarter in the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Year Ended December 31, 2017

First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter

Year Ended December 31, 2016

First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter

Holders of our Capital Stock

High

Low

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

219.25
240.62
258.75
260.86

186.91
190.07
180.86
216.76

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

195.24
209.77
230.77
233.28

156.96
165.23
153.38
165.31

As of January 31, 2018, there were approximately 2,500 holders of record of our common stock and approximately 

94,900 beneficial holders of our common stock.

Dividends

The following table provides details of dividend payments, excluding dividend equivalent rights, in 2016 and 

2017, under our Board approved quarterly cash dividend policy:

Record
Date

Payment

Date

Amount
per Share

 

 

 

Total
Amount

(in millions)

2016 payments
12/30/2015
3/31/2016
6/30/2016
10/13/2016
2017 payments
1/12/2017
3/31/2017
6/30/2017
9/29/2017

1/29/2016
4/29/2016
7/29/2016
10/28/2016

1/27/2017
4/28/2017
7/31/2017
10/27/2017

$0.29
$0.29
$0.29
$0.29

$0.29
$0.40
$0.40
$0.40

$43
$43
$43
$43

$43
$58
$58
$57

 On November 2, 2017, the Board declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share that was paid on January 26, 2018

to stockholders of record on December 29, 2017, for an aggregate amount of $55 million.

34

Stock Total Return Performance

The following graph compares our total return to stockholders with the returns of the Standard & Poor’s Composite 
500 Index (“S&P 500”) and the Dow Jones US Select Health Care Providers Index (“Peer Group”) for the five years 
ended December 31, 2017. The graph assumes an investment of $100 in each of our common stock, the S&P 500, and 
the Peer Group on December 31, 2012, and that dividends were reinvested when paid.

HUM
S&P 500
Peer Group

12/31/2012
100
$
$
100
100
$

12/31/2013
152
$
$
132
137
$

12/31/2014
214
$
$
150
175
$

12/31/2015
267
153
186

$
$
$

12/31/2016
307
$
$
171
188
$

12/31/2017
377
208
238

$
$
$

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price 

performance.

35

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table provides information about purchases by us during the three months ended December 31, 

2017 of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act:

Period
October 2017
November 2017
December 2017

Total

Total Number

of Shares

Purchased (1)

916,505
846,752
3,595,536
5,358,793

$

$

Average
Price Paid
per Share

244.44
244.54
244.51
244.50

Total Number of
Shares Purchased
as Part of Publicly
Announced Plans
or Programs (1)(2)
916,505
846,752
3,595,536
5,358,793

Dollar Value of
Shares that May
Yet Be Purchased
Under the Plans

or Programs (1) (2)
286,200,345
$
79,136,387
2,200,000,000

(1)  On February 14, 2017, we and Aetna agreed to mutually terminate the Merger Agreement. We also announced 
that the Board had approved a new authorization for share repurchases of up to $2.25 billion of our common 
stock exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, expiring on December 31, 2017. 
We repurchased shares under an accelerated stock repurchase agreement and in the open market, utilizing the 
$2.25 billion authorization prior to expiration.

On December 14, 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our common 
shares expiring on December 31, 2020, exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock 
plans.  Under the share repurchase authorization, shares may be purchased from time to time at prevailing prices 
in the open market, by block purchases, through plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or in privately-negotiated transactions, including pursuant to accelerated 
share repurchase agreements with investment banks, subject to certain regulatory restrictions on volume, pricing, 
and timing.  On December 22, 2017, we announced that we had entered into an accelerated stock repurchase 
agreement, the December 2017 ASR, with Bank of America, N.A., or BofA, to repurchase $1.0 billion of our 
common stock as part of the $3.0 billion share repurchase program authorized on December 14, 2017. On 
December 22, 2017, we made a payment of $1.0 billion to BofA from available cash on hand and received an 
initial delivery of 3.28 million shares of our common stock from BofA based on the then current market price 
of Humana common stock. The payment to BofA was recorded as a reduction to stockholders’ equity, consisting 
of an $800 million increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial 3.28 million shares received 
upon initial settlement, and a $200 million decrease in capital in excess of par value, which reflected the value 
of stock held back by BofA pending final settlement of the December 2017 ASR.  Our remaining repurchase 
authorization was approximately $2.0 billion as of February 16, 2018, excluding the $200 million pending final 
settlement of our December 22, 2017 ASR.

(2)  Excludes 0.14 million shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans.

36

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 
Summary of Operating Results:
Revenues:

Premiums
Services
Investment income
Total revenues

Operating expenses:

Benefits
Operating costs
Merger termination fee and
related costs, net
Depreciation and amortization
Total operating expenses

Income from operations
Gain on sale of business
Interest expense
Income before income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net income
Basic earnings per common share
Diluted earnings per common share
Dividends declared per
     common share
Financial Position:
Cash and investments
Total assets
Benefits payable
Debt
Stockholders’ equity
Cash flows from operations
Key Financial Indicators:
Benefit ratio
Operating cost ratio
Membership by Segment:
Retail segment:

Medical membership

Group and Specialty segment:

Medical membership
Specialty membership

Individual commercial segment:

Medical membership

Other Businesses:

Medical membership

Consolidated:

2017

2016 (a)

2015 (b)

2014

2013 (c)

(dollars in millions, except per common share results)

$

$
$
$

$

$

$

52,380
982
405
53,767

43,496
6,567

(936)
378
49,505
4,262
—
242
4,020
1,572
2,448
16.94
16.81

1.60

16,344
27,178
4,668
4,920
9,842
4,051

$

$
$
$

$

$

$

53,021
969
389
54,379

45,007
7,173

104
354
52,638
1,741
—
189
1,552
938
614
4.11
4.07

1.16

13,675
25,396
4,563
4,092
10,685
1,936

$

$
$
$

$

$

$

52,409
1,406
474
54,289

44,269
7,295

23
355
51,942
2,347
270
186
2,431
1,155
1,276
8.54
8.44

1.15

11,681
24,678
4,976
4,093
10,346
868

$

$
$
$

$

$

$

45,959
2,164
377
48,500

38,166
7,639

—
333
46,138
2,362
—
192
2,170
1,023
1,147
7.44
7.36

1.11

11,482
23,497
4,475
3,795
9,646
1,618

$

$
$
$

$

$

$

38,829
2,109
375
41,313

32,564
6,355

—
333
39,252
2,061
—
140
1,921
690
1,231
7.81
7.73

1.07

10,938
20,719
3,893
2,584
9,316
1,716

83.0%
12.3%

84.9%
13.3%

84.5%
13.6%

83.0%
15.9%

83.9%
15.5%

9,206,300

8,751,300

8,327,700

7,360,300

5,953,900

4,638,200
6,986,000

4,793,300
6,961,200

4,963,400
7,221,800

5,430,200
7,668,500

5,501,600
7,823,300

128,800

654,800

899,100

1,016,200

505,400

29,800

30,800

32,600

35,000

23,400

14,003,100
6,986,000

Total medical membership
Total specialty membership
Includes a reduction in premiums revenue of $583 million ($367 million after tax, or $2.43 per diluted common share) associated with the 
write-off of commercial risk corridor receivables. Also includes benefits expense of $505 million ($318 million after tax, or $2.11 per diluted 
common share) for reserve strengthening associated with our non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance policies.
Includes a gain on the sale of Concentra Inc., net of transaction costs, of $270 million ($238 million after tax, or $1.57 per diluted common 
share). Also includes benefits expense of $176 million ($112 million after tax, or 0.74 per diluted common share) for a provision for probable 

14,230,200
6,961,200

14,222,800
7,221,800

13,841,700
7,668,500

11,984,300
7,823,300

(a) 

(b) 

37

future losses (premium deficiency) for individual commercial medical business compliant with the Health Care Reform Law for the 2016 
coverage year.
Includes benefits expense of $243 million ($154 million after tax, or $0.99 per diluted common share) for reserve strengthening associated 
with our non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance policies.

(c) 

38

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Executive Overview

General

Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is a leading health and well-being company committed to 
helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. Our successful history in care delivery 
and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and 
well being and lower costs. Our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare, families, 
individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. To accomplish that, we support physicians and other 
health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. Our 
range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools, such as in home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data 
analytics and wellness solutions, combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate 
and more effective.

Our industry relies on two key statistics to measure performance. The benefit ratio, which is computed by taking 
total  benefits  expense  as  a  percentage  of  premiums  revenue,  represents  a  statistic  used  to  measure  underwriting 
profitability. The operating cost ratio, which is computed by taking total operating costs, excluding depreciation and 
amortization,  as  a  percentage  of  total  revenue  less  investment  income,  represents  a  statistic  used  to  measure 
administrative spending efficiency.

Aetna Merger

On July 2, 2015, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, which we refer to in this report as the Merger 
Agreement, with Aetna Inc. and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Aetna Inc., which we refer to collectively as 
Aetna, which sets forth the terms and conditions under which we agreed to merge with, and become a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Aetna, a transaction we refer to in this report as the Merger.  On February 14, 2017, we and Aetna agreed 
to mutually terminate the Merger Agreement, as our Board determined that an appeal of the Court's ruling would not 
be in the best interest of our stockholders. On February 16, 2017, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we received 
a breakup fee of $1 billion from Aetna, which is included in our consolidated statement of income in the line captioned 
Merger termination fee and related costs, net. Prior period Merger related transaction costs, previously included in 
operating costs, have been reclassified to conform to the 2017 presentation.

Acquisitions and Divestitures

  On December 19, 2017, we announced that we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a 40% minority 
interest in the Kindred at Home Division (Kindred at Home) of Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (Kindred)(NYSE: KND), the 
nation’s  largest  home  health  provider  and  second  largest  hospice  operator,  for  estimated  cash  consideration  of 
approximately $800 million, including our share of transaction and related expenses, to facilitate a complete separation 
from the Long Term Acute Care and Rehabilitation businesses (the Specialty Hospital company).  

On November 6, 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
KMG to CGIC, a Texas-based insurance company wholly owned by HC2 Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company. 
KMG’s subsidiary, KIC, includes our closed block of non-strategic commercial long-term care insurance policies. See 
Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, 
for a discussion of our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. 

These transactions are more fully discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. 

– Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Business Segments

During the first quarter of 2017, we realigned certain of our businesses among our reportable segments to correspond 
with internal management reporting changes corresponding to those used by our chief operating decision maker to 

39

evaluate results of operations and our previously announced planned exit from the Individual Commercial medical 
business on January 1, 2018. Additionally, we renamed our Group segment to the Group and Specialty segment, and 
began presenting the Individual Commercial business results as a separate segment rather than as part of the Retail 
segment.  Specialty  health  insurance  benefits,  including  dental,  vision,  other  supplemental  health,  and  financial 
protection products, marketed to individuals are now included in the Group and Specialty segment. Specialty health 
insurance benefits marketed to employer groups continue to be included in the Group and Specialty segment. As a 
result of this realignment, our reportable segments now include Retail, Group and Specialty, Healthcare Services, and 
Individual Commercial. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2017 presentation.
See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data for segment financial information. 

We manage our business with four reportable segments: Retail, Group and Specialty, Healthcare Services, and 
Individual  Commercial.  In  addition,  the  Other  Businesses  category  includes  businesses  that  are  not  individually 
reportable because they do not meet the quantitative thresholds required by generally accepted accounting principles. 
These segments are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on 
well-being  solutions  for  our  health  plans  and  other  customers,  as  described  below. These  segment  groupings  are 
consistent with information used by our Chief Executive Officer to assess performance and allocate resources. 

The Retail segment consists of Medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group accounts. In 
addition, the Retail segment also includes our contract with CMS to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible 
Transition, or LI-NET, prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual 
eligible, and Long-Term Support Services benefits, which we refer to collectively as our state-based contracts. The 
Group  and  Specialty  segment  consists  of  employer  group  commercial  fully-insured  medical  and  specialty  health 
insurance benefits marketed to individuals and employer groups, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health 
and voluntary insurance benefits, and financial protection products, as well as administrative services only, or ASO 
products. In addition, our Group and Specialty segment includes military services business, primarily our TRICARE 
contract. The Healthcare Services segment includes services offered to our health plan members as well as to third 
parties, including pharmacy solutions, provider services, and clinical care service, such as home health and other services 
and capabilities to promote wellness and advance population health. The Individual Commercial segment consists of 
our individual commercial fully-insured medical health insurance benefits. We report under the category of Other 
Businesses those businesses that do not align with the reportable segments described above, primarily our closed-block 
long-term care insurance policies. 

The  results  of  each  segment  are  measured  by  income  before  income  taxes. Transactions  between  reportable 
segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our Healthcare Services segment, primarily pharmacy, 
provider, and clinical care services, to our Retail, Group and Specialty, and Individual Commercial segment customers. 
Intersegment sales and expenses are recorded at fair value and eliminated in consolidation. Members served by our 
segments often use the same provider networks, enabling us in some instances to obtain more favorable contract terms 
with providers. Our segments also share indirect costs and assets. As a result, the profitability of each segment is 
interdependent. We allocate most operating expenses to our segments. Assets and certain corporate income and expenses 
are not allocated to the segments, including the portion of investment income not supporting segment operations, interest 
expense on corporate debt, and certain other corporate expenses. These items are managed at a corporate level. These 
corporate  amounts  are  reported  separately  from  our  reportable  segments  and  are  included  with  intersegment 
eliminations.

Seasonality

One of the product offerings of our Retail segment is Medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, or PDPs, under 
the Medicare Part D program. Our quarterly Retail segment earnings and operating cash flows are impacted by the 
Medicare Part D benefit design and changes in the composition of our membership. The Medicare Part D benefit design 
results in coverage that varies as a member’s cumulative out-of-pocket costs pass through successive stages of a 
member’s plan period, which begins annually on January 1 for renewals. These plan designs generally result in us 
sharing a greater portion of the responsibility for total prescription drug costs in the early stages and less in the latter 
stages. As a result, the PDP benefit ratio generally decreases as the year progresses. In addition, the number of low 

40

income senior members as well as year-over-year changes in the mix of membership in our stand-alone PDP products 
affects the quarterly benefit ratio pattern.

In addition, the Retail segment also experiences seasonality in the operating cost ratio as a result of costs incurred 

in the second half of the year associated with the Medicare marketing season.

Our Group and Specialty segment also experiences seasonality in the benefit ratio pattern. However, the effect is 
opposite of Medicare stand-alone PDP in the Retail segment, with the Group and Specialty segment’s benefit ratio 
increasing as fully-insured members progress through their annual deductible and maximum out-of-pocket expenses. 

Certain  of  our  fully-insured  individual  commercial  medical  products  in  our  Individual  Commercial  segment 
experience seasonality in the benefit ratio similar to the Group and Specialty segment, including the effect of existing 
previously underwritten members transitioning to policies compliant with the Health Care Reform Law with us and 
other carriers. As previously underwritten members transition, it results in policy lapses and the release of reserves for 
future policy benefits partially offset by the recognition of previously deferred acquisition costs. The recognition of a 
premium deficiency reserve for our Individual Commercial medical business compliant with the Health Care Reform 
Law in the fourth quarter of 2015, and subsequent changes in estimate, also impacted the quarterly benefit ratio pattern 
for this business in 2016.

Highlights

Consolidated

•  Our 2017 results reflect the continued implementation of our strategy to offer our members affordable health 
care combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets. At the core of this strategy is our 
integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data 
analytics. Our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality care that 
is consistent, integrated, cost-effective, and member-focused, provided by both employed physicians and 
physicians  with  network  contract  arrangements. The  model  is  designed  to  improve  health  outcomes  and 
affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, 
seamless  healthcare  experience. We  believe  this  strategy  is  positioning  us  for  long-term  growth  in  both 
membership and earnings. We offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care 
and offer assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. These 
include  performance  bonuses,  shared  savings  and  shared  risk  relationships.  At  December 31,  2017, 
approximately 1,901,300 members, or 66.5%, of our individual Medicare Advantage members were in value-
based relationships under our integrated care delivery model, as compared to 1,816,300 members, or 64.0%, 
at December 31, 2016. 

•  Our consolidated pretax results of $4.02 billion for 2017, an increase of $2.47 billion, from $1.55 billion in 
2016, primarily reflects the net gain associated with the terminated Merger Agreement, mainly the break-up 
fee, along with the year-over-year improvement in earnings for our Individual Commercial, Retail and Group 
and  Specialty  segments.  The  year-over-year  comparison  was  also  favorably  impacted  by  the  reserve 
strengthening for our non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance business recorded in 2016. These 
items were partially offset by lower pretax earnings in the Healthcare Services segment, charges associated 
with voluntary and involuntary workforce reduction programs recorded during the second half of 2017,  as 
well as the estimated guaranty fund assessment expense to support the policyholder obligations of Penn Treaty 
(an unaffiliated long-term care insurance company).

•  Year-over-year comparisons of diluted earnings per common share reflect the same factors impacting our 
consolidated pretax income comparisons year-over-year as well as the beneficial effect of the lower effective 
tax rate in light of pricing and benefit design assumptions associated with the 2017 temporary suspension of 
the health insurance industry fee. In addition the year-over-year comparisons were favorably impacted by 
lower number of shares, primarily reflecting share repurchases.

41

•  We recorded a net gain associated with the terminated Merger Agreement, consisting primarily of the breakup 
fee, of approximately $936 million, or $4.31 per diluted common share, during 2017. During 2016, we recorded 
transaction costs in connection with the Merger of approximately $104 million, or $0.64 per diluted common 
share. Certain costs associated with the Merger were previously not deductible for tax purposes, but became 
deductible, and were recorded as such, in the first quarter 2017 as a result of the termination of the Merger 
Agreement.

•  During  2017,  we  initiated  a  voluntary  early  retirement  program  and  an  involuntary  workforce  reduction 
program. These programs impacted approximately 3,600 associates, or 7.8% of our workforce. As a result, 
we recorded charges of $148 million, or $0.64 per diluted common share. This charge is included with operating 
costs in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2017 and included at the 
corporate  level  in  the  segment  financial  information.  Payments  under  these  programs  are  made  upon 
termination during the early retirement or severance pay period, beginning in the first quarter of 2018. We 
expect this liability to be primarily paid within the next 12 months and classified it as a current liability, 
included in our consolidated balance sheet in the trade accounts payable and accrued expenses line.

•  On March 1, 2017, a court ordered the liquidation of Penn Treaty (an unaffiliated long-term care insurance 
company), which triggered assessments from state guaranty associations that resulted in our recording a $54 
million, or $0.24 per diluted common share, charge in operating costs.

•  The annual health insurance industry fee has been suspended for calendar year 2017 but has resumed in calendar 
year 2018. Operating cost associated with the health insurer fee attributable to 2016 was $916 million. This 
fee is not deductible for tax purposes, which significantly increased our effective income tax rate. The one-
year suspension in 2017 of the health insurer fee has significantly reduced our operating costs and effective 
tax rate during 2017. The Continuing Resolution bill, H.R. 195, enacted on January 22, 2018, included a one 
year suspension in 2019 of the health insurer fee, but the fee is scheduled to resume in calendar year 2020.

• 

Investment income increased $16 million in 2017, primarily due to higher average invested balances and 
interest rates in 2017, partially offset by lower realized capital gains. 

•  Operating cash flow provided by operations was $4.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared 
to operating cash flow provided by operations of $1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016. The 
increase in operating cash flow primarily was due to the receipt of the merger termination fee, net of related 
expenses and taxes paid, higher earnings and the timing of working capital items.  

•  We paid dividends to stockholders of $220 million in 2017 as compared to $177 million in 2016.

Retail Segment

• 

In 2017, our Retail segment pretax income increased by $288 million, or 17.0%, from 2016 primarily driven 
by the year-over-year improvement in our Medicare Advantage business.

•  On February 1, 2018, CMS issued its preliminary 2019 Medicare Advantage and Part D payment rates and 
proposed policy changes, which we refer to collectively as the Advance Notice. CMS has invited public 
comment on the Advance Notice before publishing final rates on April 2, 2018 (the Final Notice). In the 
Advance Notice, CMS estimates Medicare Advantage plans across the sector will, on average, experience a 
1.84 percent increase in benchmark funding based on proposals included therein. As indicated by CMS, its 
estimate excludes the impact of fee for service county re-basing/re-pricing since the related impact is dependent 
upon finalization of certain data, which will be available with the publication of the Final Notice. CMS’ estimate 
includes 30 basis points of negative impact associated with the proposed Employer Group Waiver Plan Payment 
Policy for 2019. Excluding that item, CMS’ estimate would be a 2.14 percent increase. Based on our preliminary 
analysis using the same factors CMS included in its estimate, the components of which are detailed on CMS’ 
web site, we anticipate the proposals in the Advance Notice would result in a change to our benchmark funding 
relatively in line with CMS’ estimate, excluding the impact attributable to the Employer Group Waiver Plan 
Payment Policy. 

42

Group and Specialty Segment
•  Group and Specialty segment pretax income was $412 million in 2017, an increase of $68 million, or 19.8%, 
from $344 million in 2016 primarily reflecting the impact of higher pretax earnings associated with our fully-
insured commercial medical products as well as higher earnings from our military services business resulting 
from higher performance incentives earned under the TRICARE contract.

•  On July 21, 2016, we were notified by the Defense Health Agency, or DHA, that we were awarded the contract 
for the new TRICARE T2017 East Region. The T2017 East Region contract is a consolidation of the former 
T3  North  and  South  Regions,  comprising  thirty-two  states  and  approximately  six  million  TRICARE 
beneficiaries, with delivery of health care services commencing on January 1, 2018. The T2017 East contract 
is a 5-year contract set to expire on December 31, 2022.  

Healthcare Services Segment
•  Healthcare Services segment pretax income was $967 million in 2017, a decrease $129 million, or 11.8%, 
from 2016 primarily due to the impact of the optimization process associated with our chronic care management 
programs, as well as  lower earnings in our provider services business reflecting lower Medicare rates year-
over-year in geographies where our provider assets are primarily located. The reductions in pharmacy solutions 
intersegment revenues were offset by similar reductions in operating costs associated with the pharmacy 
solutions business.

•  At December 31, 2017, approximately 52,200 primary care providers were in value-based relationships, an 
increase of 3.6% from 50,400 at December 31, 2016. At December 31, 2017, 66% of our individual Medicare 
Advantage members were in value-based relationships compared to 64% at December 31, 2016.

•  Medicare Advantage  and  dual  demonstration  program  membership  enrolled  in  a  Humana  chronic  care 
management program was 794,900 at December 31, 2017, a decrease of 27.7% from 1,099,200 at December 
31, 2016. We have undergone an optimization process that ensures the appropriate level of member interaction 
with clinicians to drive quality outcomes, which has resulted in reduced segment earnings but higher returns 
on investment.

Individual Commercial Segment 
•  As announced on February 14, 2017, we exited our Individual Commercial medical business January 1, 2018.

• 

In 2017, our Individual Commercial segment pretax income was $193 million, an increase of $1.1 billion, 
from a pretax loss of $869 million in 2016 primarily due to the exit of certain markets in 2017, and per-member 
premium increases, as well as the reduction of premiums related to the write-off of receivables associated with 
the commercial risk corridor premium stabilization program.

Health Care Reform

The Health Care Reform Law enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the U.S. health insurance industry. 
Certain significant provisions of the Health Care Reform Law include, among others, mandated coverage requirements, 
mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders 
based  on  minimum  benefit  ratios,  adjustments  to  Medicare Advantage  premiums,  the  establishment  of  federally-
facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, and the introduction 
of plan designs based on set actuarial values. In addition, the Health Care Reform Law established insurance industry 
assessments, including an annual health insurance industry fee and a three-year $25 billion industry wide commercial 
reinsurance fee. The annual health insurance industry fee levied on the insurance industry is $14.3 billion in 2018 and 
is not deductible for income tax purposes, which significantly increases our effective income tax rate. A one year 
suspension in 2017 and 2019 of the health insurer fee significantly impacts our trend in key operating metrics including 
our operating cost and medical expense ratios, as well as our effective tax rate. 

In addition, the Health Care Reform Law expands federal oversight of health plan premium rates and could adversely 
affect our ability to appropriately adjust health plan premiums on a timely basis. Financing for these reforms comes, 
in part, from material additional fees and taxes on us (as discussed above) and other health plans and individuals which 

43

began in 2014, as well as reductions in certain levels of payments to us and other health plans under Medicare as 
described in this 2017 Form 10-K.

As  noted  above,  the  Health  Care  Reform  Law  required  the  establishment  of  health  insurance  exchanges  for 
individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance that became effective January 1, 2014, with an annual 
open enrollment period. For 2017, we offered on-exchange individual commercial medical plans in 11 states, a reduction 
from the 15 states in which we offered on-exchange coverage in 2016. In addition, we discontinued substantially all 
Health Care Reform Law compliant off-exchange individual commercial medical plans effective January 1, 2017. 
Effective January 1, 2018, we have exited our remaining Individual Commercial medical business.

If we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of 
the Health Care Reform Law, our business may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, potential legislative 
changes, including activities to repeal or replace the Health Care Reform Law, creates uncertainty for our business, 
and we cannot predict when, or in what form, such legislative changes may occur. We may be unable to adjust our 
product offerings, geographic footprint, or pricing during any given year such legislative changes occur in sufficient 
time to mitigate any adverse effects. 

As discussed above, it is reasonably possible that the Health Care Reform Law and related regulations, as well as 
future legislative changes, including legislative restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise 
operate our business, or regulatory restrictions on profitability, including by comparison of our Medicare Advantage 
profitability to our non-Medicare Advantage business profitability and a requirement that they remain within certain 
ranges of each other, in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting 
revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand 
into  new  markets,  increasing  our  medical  and  operating  costs,  further  lowering  our  Medicare  payment  rates  and 
increasing our expenses associated with the non-deductible health insurance industry fee and other assessments); our 
financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows.

On November 10, 2016, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims ruled in favor of the government in one of a series of 
cases filed by insurers, unrelated to us, against HHS to collect risk corridor payments, rejecting all of the insurer’s 
statutory,  contract  and  Constitutional  claims  for  payment.  On  November  18,  2016,  HHS  issued  a  memorandum 
indicating a significant funding shortfall for the 2015 coverage year, the second consecutive year of significant shortfalls. 
Given the successful challenge of the risk corridor provisions in court, Congressional inquiries into the funding of the 
risk corridor program, and significant funding shortfalls under the first two years of the program, during the fourth 
quarter of 2016 we wrote-off $583 million in risk corridor receivables outstanding as of September 30, 2016, including
$415 million associated with the 2014 and 2015 coverage years. From inception of the risk corridor program through 
December 31, 2017, we collected approximately $39 million from CMS for risk corridor receivables associated with 
the 2014 coverage year funded by HHS in accordance with previous guidance, utilizing funds HHS collected from us 
and other carriers under the 2014 and 2015 risk corridor program. On November 2, 2017, we filed suit against the 
United States of America in the United States Court of Federal Claims, on behalf of our health plans seeking recovery 
from the federal government of approximately $611 million in payments under the risk corridor premium stabilization 
program established under the Health Care Reform Law, for years 2014, 2015 and 2016. 

We intend for the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to assist in the 
understanding of our financial statements and related changes in certain key items in those financial statements from 
year to year, including the primary factors that accounted for those changes. Transactions between reportable segments 
primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our Healthcare Services segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and 
clinical care services, to our Retail, Group and Specialty, and Individual Commercial segment customers and are 
described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data in this 2017 Form 10-K.

44

 Comparison of Results of Operations for 2017 and 2016 

Certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments was as follows for the years ended December 31, 

2017 and 2016:

Consolidated

 
 

 
Revenues:

Premiums:
Retail
Group and Specialty
Individual Commercial
Other Businesses

Total premiums

Services:
Retail
Group and Specialty
Healthcare Services
Other Businesses

Total services

Investment income

Total revenues

Operating expenses:

Benefits
Operating costs
Merger termination fee and related costs, net
Depreciation and amortization
Total operating expenses

Income from operations
Interest expense
Income before income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net income
Diluted earnings per common share
Benefit ratio (a)
Operating cost ratio (b)
Effective tax rate

 

$

$
$

2017

2016

Dollars

Percentage

(dollars in millions, except per

common share results)

 

Change

$

$
$

44,626
6,772
947
35
52,380

10
626
338
8
982
405
53,767

43,496
6,567
(936)
378
49,505
4,262
242
4,020
1,572
2,448
16.81
83.0%
12.3%
39.1%

$

$
$

43,223
6,696
3,064
38
53,021

6
643
310
10
969
389
54,379

45,007
7,173
104
354
52,638
1,741
189
1,552
938
614
4.07
84.9%
13.3%
60.5%

1,403
76
(2,117)
(3)
(641)

4
(17)
28
(2)
13
16
(612)

(1,511)
(606)
(1,040)
24
(3,133)
2,521
53
2,468
634
1,834
12.74

3.2 %
1.1 %
(69.1)%
(7.9)%
(1.2)%

66.7 %
(2.6)%
9.0 %
(20.0)%
1.3 %
4.1 %
(1.1)%

(3.4)%
(8.4)%
(1,000.0)%
6.8 %
(6.0)%
144.8 %
28.0 %
159.0 %
67.6 %
298.7 %
313.0 %
(1.9)%
(1.0)%
(21.4)%

(a) 
(b) 

Represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue.
Represents total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenues less 
investment income.

45

Summary

Net income for 2017 was $2.4 billion, or $16.81 per diluted common share compared to $614 million, or $4.07
per diluted common share, in 2016. Net income in 2017 includes a net gain of $4.31 per diluted common share associated 
with the terminated Merger Agreement consisting primarily of the break-up fee, and the beneficial effect of the lower 
effective tax rate in light of pricing and benefit design assumptions with the temporary suspension of the health insurance 
industry fee of $2.15 per diluted common share, excluding the Individual Commercial business impact. The year-over-
year comparison was also favorably impacted by a write-off of $2.43 per diluted common share in receivables associated 
with the commercial risk corridor premium stabilization program, and the reserve strengthening for our non-strategic 
closed block of long-term care insurance business of $2.11 per common diluted share recorded in 2016. These items 
were partially offset by the impact of the tax reform law enacted on December 22, 2017, or the Tax Reform Law, which 
resulted in the reduction of our net income due to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets at lower enacted corporate 
tax rates of $0.92 per diluted common share, $0.64 per common diluted share in charges associated with both voluntary 
and involuntary workforce reduction programs in 2017, as well as the estimated guaranty fund assessment expense to 
support the policyholder obligations of Penn Treaty (an unaffiliated long-term care insurance company) of $0.24 per 
diluted common share. Excluding the impacts of the items above, the increase in net income primarily was due to year-
over-year improvements in earnings for our Individual Commercial, Retail, and Group and Specialty segments, partially 
offset by lower earnings in the Healthcare Services segment.

 Premiums Revenue

 
Consolidated premiums decreased $641 million, or 1.2%, from 2016 to $52.4 billion for 2017 primarily due to 
lower premiums in the Individual Commercial segment, partially offset by higher premiums in the Retail segment, 
primarily resulting from growth in our Medicare Advantage business, and higher premiums in the Group and Specialty 
segment, as discussed in the detailed segment results discussion that follows.

Services Revenue

Consolidated services revenue increased $13 million, or 1.3%, from 2016 for 2017 primarily due to an increase 
in services revenue in the Healthcare Services segment, partially offset by a decrease in services revenue in the Group 
and Specialty segment as discussed in the detailed segment results discussion that follows.

Investment Income

Investment income was $405 million for 2017, increasing $16 million, or 4.1%, from 2016, primarily due higher 

average invested balances and interest rates in 2017, partially offset by lower realized capital gains.

Benefits Expense

Consolidated benefits expense was $43.5 billion for 2017, a decrease of $1.5 billion, or 3.4%, from 2016 reflecting  
$505 million in incremental benefits expense for the reserve strengthening in our non-strategic closed block of long-
term care insurance policies recorded in 2016. Excluding the long-term care reserve strengthening in 2016, the decrease 
primarily was due to a decrease in the Individual Commercial segment benefits expense, partially offset by an increase 
in the Retail and Group and Specialty segments benefits expense as discussed in the detailed segment results discussion 
that follows. As more fully described herein under the section entitled “Benefits Expense Recognition”, actuarial 
standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable 
reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. We experienced favorable medical claims reserve 
development related to prior fiscal years of $483 million in 2017 and $582 million in 2016. 

The consolidated benefit ratio for 2017 was 83.0%, a decrease of 190 basis points from 2016 primarily due to the 
incremental benefits expense in 2016 for the reserve strengthening in our non-strategic closed block of long-term care 
insurance policies. Excluding the impact of the above, the decrease in the consolidated benefit ratio primarily was due 
to the decrease in the Individual Commercial segment benefit ratio, partially offset by the increase in the Retail and 
Group and Specialty segment benefit ratio as discussed in the segment results of operation discussion that follows. 
Favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 
90 basis points in 2017 versus approximately 110 basis points in 2016.

46

Operating Costs

Our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. We allocate the indirect costs shared by the 

segments primarily as a function of revenues. As a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.

Consolidated operating costs decreased $606 million, or 8.4%, from 2016 to $6.6 billion in 2017 primarily due to 
the  temporary  suspension  of  the  health  insurance  industry  fee  for  the  calendar  year  2017  and  lower  Individual 
Commercial membership. This was partially offset by charges associated with both voluntary and involuntary workforce 
reduction programs, an increase in employee compensation costs resulting from the continued strong performance, 
increased spending associated with the Medicare Annual Election Period, or AEP, as well as the estimated guaranty 
fund assessment expense recorded to support the policyholder obligations of Penn Treaty (an unaffiliated long-term 
care insurance company).

The consolidated operating cost ratio for 2017 was 12.3%, decreasing 100 basis points from 2016 primarily due 
to the temporary suspension of the health insurance industry fee for the calendar year 2017, the write-off of receivables 
associated  with  the  commercial  risk  corridor  premium  stabilization  program  in  2016,  as  well  as  operating  cost 
efficiencies, partially offset by the loss of scale efficiency from market exits in the 2017 period associated with the 
Individual  Commercial  product,  the  estimated  charges  associated  with  both  voluntary  and  involuntary  workforce 
reduction programs recorded in 2017, increased employee compensation costs resulting from the continued strong 
performance,  as  well  as  the  impact  of  the  estimated  guaranty  fund  assessment  expense  recorded  to  support  the 
policyholder obligations of Penn Treaty (an unaffiliated long-term care insurance company). The non-deductible health 
insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 170 basis points in 2016.

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization for 2017 of $378 million was relatively unchanged from 2016.

Interest Expense

Interest expense was $242 million for 2017 compared to $189 million for 2016, an increase of $53 million, or 
28.0%, due to the issuance of $1.8 billion in senior notes, a portion of the proceeds which were used to redeem $800 
million of senior notes scheduled to mature in 2018. We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately
$17 million in December 2017 for the redemption of these senior notes, which is included in interest expense.

Income Taxes

Our effective tax rate during 2017 was 39.1% compared to the effective tax rate of 60.5% in 2016 primarily 
reflecting the suspension of the annual health insurance industry fee in 2017, as well as previously non-deductible 
transaction costs that, as a result of termination of the Merger Agreement, became deductible for tax purposes and were 
recorded as such in the first quarter of 2017, partially offset by the Tax Reform Law, which increased our effective tax 
rate due to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets at lower enacted corporate tax rates. See Note 11 to the consolidated 
financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a complete reconciliation 
of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate. 

The tax reform law enacted on December 22, 2017 significantly reduced our federal corporate tax rate. As a result, 
we expect our effective tax rate for 2018 to be approximately 32.5% to 33.5%. The decline in the effective tax rate for 
2018 primarily is due to the enactment of tax reform, partially offset by the resumption of the annual health insurance 
industry fee in 2018. 

47

Retail Segment

 
Membership:
Medical membership:

Individual Medicare Advantage
Group Medicare Advantage
Medicare stand-alone PDP
Total Retail Medicare

State-based Medicaid
Medicare Supplement

Total Retail medical members

 
 
 
Premiums and Services Revenue:
Premiums:

Individual Medicare Advantage
Group Medicare Advantage
Medicare stand-alone PDP
Total Retail Medicare

State-based Medicaid
          Medicare Supplement
Total premiums

Services

Total premiums and services revenue

Income before income taxes
Benefit ratio
Operating cost ratio

Pretax Results

 

Change

2017

2016

Members

Percentage

2,860,800
441,400
5,308,100
8,610,300
360,100
235,900
9,206,300

2,837,600
355,400
4,951,400
8,144,400
388,100
218,800
8,751,300

23,200
86,000
356,700
465,900
(28,000)
17,100
455,000

0.8 %
24.2 %
7.2 %
5.7 %
(7.2)%
7.8 %
5.2 %

2017

2016

(in millions)

Change

Dollars

Percentage

 

$

$
$

32,720
5,155
3,702
41,577
2,571
478
44,626
10
44,636
1,978
85.6%
9.6%

$

$
$

31,863
4,283
4,009
40,155
2,640
428
43,223
6
43,229
1,690
85.1%
10.8%

857
872
(307)
1,422
(69)
50
1,403
4
1,407
288

2.7 %
20.4 %
(7.7)%
3.5 %
(2.6)%
11.7 %
3.2 %
66.7 %
3.3 %
17.0 %
0.5 %
(1.2)%

 

$

$
$

•  Retail segment pretax income was $2.0 billion in 2017, an increase of $288 million, or 17.0%, compared to 

2016 primarily driven by the year-over-year improvement in our Medicare Advantage business.

Enrollment

• 

Individual Medicare Advantage membership increased 23,200 members, or 0.8%, from December 31, 2016
to December 31, 2017 reflecting net membership additions for Medicare beneficiaries including the effect of 
planned market and product exits in 2017. We decided certain markets and/or products were not meeting long 
term strategic and financial objectives. Additionally, membership growth was muted due to competitive actions 
including the uncertainty associated with the then-pending Merger transaction during last year's AEP. For full 
year 2018, we anticipate net membership growth in our individual Medicare Advantage offerings of 180,000 
to 200,000.

•  Group Medicare Advantage membership increased 86,000 members, or 24.2%, from December 31, 2016 to 
December 31, 2017 reflecting the addition of a large account in January 2017. For full year 2018, we anticipate 
net membership growth in our group Medicare Advantage offerings of 65,000 to 70,000.

48

•  Medicare stand-alone PDP membership increased 356,700 members, or 7.2%, from December 31, 2016 to 
December 31, 2017 reflecting net membership additions, primarily for our Humana-Walmart plan offering, 
for the 2017 plan year. For full year 2018, we anticipate a net membership decline in our Medicare stand-alone 
PDP offerings of 280,000 to 320,000, primarily attributable to the loss of auto assign members in Florida and 
South Carolina due to pricing over the CMS low income benchmark and continued membership declines in 
our Enhanced Plan offering. 

• 

State-based  Medicaid  membership  decreased  28,000  members,  or  7.2%,  from  December 31,  2016  to 
December 31, 2017, primarily driven by lower membership associated with our Florida contracts resulting 
from network realignments.

Premiums revenue

•  Retail segment premiums increased $1.4 billion, or 3.2%, from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to Medicare 
Advantage membership growth and increased per-member premiums for certain of the segment's products. 
Average group and individual Medicare Advantage membership increased 3.4% in 2017. Average membership 
is calculated by summing the ending membership for each month in a period and dividing the result by the 
number of months in a period. Premiums revenue reflects changes in membership and average per-member 
premiums.  Items  impacting  average  per-member  premiums  include  changes  in  premium  rates  as  well  as 
changes in the geographic mix of membership, the mix of product offerings, and the mix of benefit plans 
selected by our membership.

Benefits expense

•  The Retail segment benefit ratio of 85.6% for 2017 increased 50 basis points from 2016 primarily due to the 
impact of the temporary suspension of the health insurance industry fee for calendar year 2017 which was 
contemplated  in  the  pricing  and  benefit  design  of  our  products,  margin  compression  associated  with  the 
competitive environment in the group Medicare Advantage business and slightly lower favorable prior-period 
medical claims reserve development. These increases were partially offset by the impact of planned exits from 
certain Medicare Advantage markets that carried a higher benefit ratio than other markets as well as lower 
than expected medical costs as compared to the assumptions used in the pricing of our individual Medicare 
Advantage business.

•  The Retail segment’s benefits expense for 2017 included the beneficial effect of $386 million in favorable 
prior-year medical claims reserve development versus $429 million in 2016. This favorable prior-year medical 
claims reserve development decreased the Retail segment benefit ratio by approximately 90 basis points in 
2017 versus approximately 100 basis points in 2016. 

Operating costs

•  The Retail segment operating cost ratio of 9.6% for 2017 decreased 120 basis points from 2016 primarily due 
to the temporary suspension of the health insurance industry fee for calendar year 2017, partially offset by 
increased spending associated with AEP, investments in our integrated care delivery model, and the increase 
in employee compensation costs resulting from the continued strong performance.  The non-deductible health 
insurance industry fee increased the operating cost ratio by approximately 170 basis points in 2016.

49

Group and Specialty Segment

 
 
Membership:
Medical membership:

Fully-insured commercial group
ASO
Military services

Total group medical members

Specialty membership (a)

 

Change

2017

2016

Members

Percentage

1,097,700
458,700
3,081,800
4,638,200
6,986,000

1,136,000
573,200
3,084,100
4,793,300
6,961,200

(38,300)
(114,500)
(2,300)
(155,100)
24,800

(3.4)%
(20.0)%
(0.1)%
(3.2)%
0.4 %

(a)  Specialty products include dental, vision, voluntary benefit products and other supplemental health and financial 
protection products. Members included in these products may not be unique to each product since members 
have the ability to enroll in multiple products.

 
 
 
Premiums and Services Revenue:
Premiums:

Fully-insured commercial group
Specialty
Military services

Total premiums

Services

Total premiums and services revenue

Income before income taxes
Benefit ratio
Operating cost ratio

Pretax Results

 

$

$
$

2017

2016

(in millions)

Change

Dollars

Percentage

 

$

$
$

5,462
1,310
—
6,772
626
7,398
412
79.2%
21.4%

$

$
$

5,405
1,279
12
6,696
643
7,339
344
78.2%
23.5%

57
31
(12)
76
(17)
59
68

1.1 %
2.4 %
(100.0)%
1.1 %
(2.6)%
0.8 %
19.8 %
1.0 %
(2.1)%

•  Group and Specialty segment pretax income was $412 million in 2017, an increase of $68 million, or 19.8%, 
from $344 million in 2016 primarily reflecting the impact of higher pretax earnings associated with our fully-
insured commercial business as well as higher earnings from our military services business resulting from 
higher performance incentives earned under the TRICARE contract.

Enrollment

• 

Fully-insured commercial group medical membership decreased 38,300 members, or 3.4% from December 31, 
2016 reflecting lower membership in small group accounts due in part to more small group accounts selecting 
ASO products in 2017.

•  Group ASO commercial medical membership decreased 114,500 members, or 20.0%, from December 31, 
2016 to December 31, 2017 primarily due to the loss of certain large group accounts as a result of continued 
discipline in pricing of services for self-funded accounts amid a highly competitive environment, partially 
offset by more small group accounts selecting ASO products in 2017.

• 

Specialty membership increased 24,800 members, or 0.4%, from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2017
primarily due to strong growth in vision products marketed to employer groups.

50

Premiums revenue

•  Group and Specialty segment premiums increased $76 million, or 1.1%, from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to 
an increase in group fully-insured commercial medical per-member premiums, partially offset by a decline in 
average group fully-insured commercial medical membership. 

Services revenue

•  Group and Specialty segment services revenue decreased $17 million, or 2.6%, from 2016 to 2017 primarily  
due to a decline in revenue in our group ASO commercial medical business mainly due to membership declines 
partially offset by higher revenue from our military services business resulting from higher performance 
incentives earned under the TRICARE contract.

Benefits expense

•  The Group and Specialty segment benefit ratio increased 100 basis points from 78.2% in 2016 to 79.2% in 
2017 primarily due to the impact of the temporary suspension of the health insurance industry fee for calendar 
year 2017 which was contemplated in the pricing of our products. The increase was further impacted by an 
increased proportion of small group members transitioning to community rated plans that carry a higher benefit 
ratio. These increases were partially offset by lower utilization for the fully-insured commercial medical 
business in 2017, primarily associated with the large group business.

•  The Group and Specialty segment’s benefits expense included the beneficial effect of $40 million in favorable 
prior-year medical claims reserve development in 2017 versus $46 million in 2016. This favorable prior-year 
medical claims reserve development decreased the Group and Specialty segment benefit ratio by approximately 
60 basis points in 2017 versus approximately 70 basis points in 2016. 

Operating costs

•  The Group and Specialty segment operating cost ratio of 21.4% for 2017 decreased 210 basis points from 
23.5% for 2016 primarily due to the temporary suspension of the health insurance industry fee for calendar 
year 2017 as well as operating cost efficiencies, partially offset by an increase in employee compensation costs 
resulting from the continued strong performance.  The non-deductible health insurance industry fee increased
the operating cost ratio by approximately 150 basis points in 2016.

51

Healthcare Services Segment

 
 
 
Revenues:
Services:

Clinical care services
Pharmacy solutions
Provider services

Total services revenues

Intersegment revenues:
Pharmacy solutions
Provider services
Clinical care services

Total intersegment revenues
Total services and intersegment revenues

Income before income taxes
Operating cost ratio

Pretax results

 

$

$
$

2017

2016

(in millions)

Change

Dollars

Percentage

 

181
80
77
338

20,881
1,593
1,111
23,585
23,923
967
95.5%

$

$
$

201
31
78
310

21,952
1,677
1,343
24,972
25,282
1,096
95.2%

$

$
$

(20)
49
(1)
28

(1,071)
(84)
(232)
(1,387)
(1,359)
(129)

(10.0)%
158.1 %
(1.3)%
9.0 %

(4.9)%
(5.0)%
(17.3)%
(5.6)%
(5.4)%
(11.8)%
0.3 %

•  Healthcare Services segment pretax income was $967 million in 2017, a decrease of $129 million, or 11.8%, 
from 2016 primarily was due to the impact of the optimization process associated with our chronic care 
management programs, as well as lower earnings in our provider services business reflecting lower Medicare 
rates year-over-year in geographies where our provider assets are primarily located. The reductions in pharmacy 
solutions  intersegment  revenues  were  offset  by  similar  reductions  in  operating  costs  associated  with  the 
pharmacy solutions business.

Script Volume

•  Humana Pharmacy Solutions® script volumes for the Retail and Group and Specialty segment membership 
increased to approximately 433 million in 2017, up 2% versus scripts of approximately 426 million in 2016. 
The increase primarily reflects growth associated with higher Medicare membership for 2017 than in 2016, 
partially offset by the decline in Individual Commercial membership.

Services revenue

• 

Services revenue increased $28 million, or 9.0%, from 2016 to $338 million for 2017 primarily due to service 
revenue growth from our pharmacy solutions business.

Intersegment revenues

• 

Intersegment revenues decreased $1.4 billion, or 5.6%, from 2016 to $23.6 billion for 2017 primarily due to 
our pharmacy solutions business as well as the result of the optimization process associated with our chronic 
care management programs discussed previously, as well as lower revenue in our provider services business 
reflecting lower Medicare rates year-over-year in geographies where our provider assets are primarily located. 
Our pharmacy solutions business revenues were impacted by improvements in net pharmacy costs driven by 
our pharmacy benefit manager and an increase in the generic dispensing rate. These items were partially offset 
by  higher  year-over-year  script  volume  from  growth  in  our  Medicare Advantage  and  standalone  PDP 
membership,  partially  offset  by  the  impact  of  lower  Individual  Commercial  membership.  Our  generic 
dispensing rate improved to 91.3% during 2017 from 90.5% during 2016. The higher generic dispensing rate 

52

reduced revenues (and operating costs) for our pharmacy solutions business as generic drugs are generally 
priced lower than branded drugs.

Operating costs

•  The Healthcare Services segment operating cost ratio of 95.5% for 2017 was relatively  unchanged from 95.2%

for 2016.

Individual Commercial Segment

•  As announced on February 14, 2017, we exited our Individual Commercial medical business January 1, 2018.

• 

• 

• 

In 2017, our Individual Commercial segment pretax income was $193 million, an increase of $1.1 billion, 
from a pretax loss of $869 million in 2016 primarily due to the exit of certain markets in 2017, and per-member 
premium increases, as well as the reduction of premiums related to the write-off of receivables associated with 
the commercial risk corridor premium stabilization program.

Individual commercial medical membership decreased 526,000 members, or 80.3%, from December 31, 2016
to December 31, 2017 reflecting the decline in the number of counties we offered on-exchange coverage and 
the discontinuance of offering off-exchange products.

 The Individual Commercial segment benefit ratio of 57.4% for 2017 decreased from 107.7% in 2016 primarily 
due to the reduction of premiums related to the write-off of receivables associated with the commercial risk 
corridor premium stabilization program, as well as the planned exits in 2017 in certain markets that carried a 
higher benefit ratio and per-member premium increases. 

•  The Individual Commercial segment operating cost ratio of 21.2% for 2017 increased 160 basis points from 
2016 primarily due to the loss of scale efficiency from market exits in 2017, partially offset by the write-off 
of receivables associated with the commercial risk corridor premium stabilization program and the temporary 
suspension of the health insurance industry fee for calendar year 2017.

Other Businesses

 
As previously disclosed, in the fourth quarter of 2016, we increased future policy benefits expense by approximately 
$505 million for reserve strengthening associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. This 
increase primarily was driven by emerging experience indicating longer claims duration, a prolonged lower interest 
rate environment, and an increase in policyholder life expectancies as discussed further in Note 18 to the consolidated 
financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this 2017 Form 10-K.

53

Comparison of Results of Operations for 2016 and 2015 

Certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments was as follows for the years ended December 31, 

2016 and 2015:

Consolidated

 
 

 
Revenues:

Premiums:
Retail
Group and Specialty
Individual Commercial
Other Businesses

Total premiums

Services:
Retail
Group and Specialty
Healthcare Services
Other Businesses

Total services

Investment income

Total revenues

Operating expenses:

Benefits
Operating costs
Merger termination fee and related costs, net
Depreciation and amortization
Total operating expenses

Income from operations
Gain on sale of business
Interest expense
Income before income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net income
Diluted earnings per common share
Benefit ratio (a)
Operating cost ratio (b)
Effective tax rate

 

$

$
$

2016

2015

Dollars

Percentage

(dollars in millions, except per

common share results)

 

Change

$

$
$

43,223
6,696
3,064
38
53,021

6
643
310
10
969
389
54,379

45,007
7,173
104
354
52,638
1,741
—
189
1,552
938
614
4.07
84.9%
13.3%
60.5%

$

$
$

41,605
6,830
3,939
35
52,409

8
658
726
14
1,406
474
54,289

44,269
7,295
23
355
51,942
2,347
270
186
2,431
1,155
1,276
8.44
84.5%
13.6%
47.5%

1,618
(134)
(875)
3
612

(2)
(15)
(416)
(4)
(437)
(85)
90

738
(122)
81
(1)
696
(606)
(270)
3
(879)
(217)
(662)
(4.37)

3.9 %
(2.0)%
(22.2)%
8.6 %
1.2 %

(25.0)%
(2.3)%
(57.3)%
(28.6)%
(31.1)%
(17.9)%
0.2 %

1.7 %
(1.7)%
352.2 %
(0.3)%
1.3 %
(25.8)%
(100.0)%
1.6 %
(36.2)%
(18.8)%
(51.9)%
(51.8)%
0.4 %
(0.3)%
13.0 %

(a)  Represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue.
(b)  Represents total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenues less 

investment income.

54

Summary

Net income was $614 million, or $4.07 per diluted common share, in 2016 compared to $1.3 billion, or $8.44 per 
diluted common share, in 2015. Net income includes a write-off of $2.43 per diluted common share in receivables 
associated with the commercial risk corridor premium stabilization program and reserve strengthening for our non-
strategic closed block of long-term care insurance business of $2.11 per diluted common share, as discussed below. 
These items were partially offset by the impact of the premium deficiency reserve of $0.74 per diluted common share 
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 for certain of our individual commercial medical products for the 2016 coverage 
year. In addition, the completion of the sale of Concentra on June 1, 2015 resulted in an after-tax gain of $1.57 per 
diluted common share in 2015. Excluding these items, the increase primarily was due to year-over-year improvement 
in results for our individual Medicare Advantage business and our Healthcare Services segment as well as increased 
profitability in our state-based Medicaid business, partially offset by an increase in the effective tax rate as discussed 
below. In addition, 2016 includes expenses of $0.64 per diluted common share and 2015 includes expenses of $0.14
per diluted common share for transaction and integration planning costs associated with the Merger, certain of which 
were not deductible for tax purposes until 2017.

Premiums Revenue

 
Consolidated premiums increased $612 million, or 1.2%, from 2015 to $53.0 billion for 2016 primarily reflecting 
higher premiums in the Retail segment mainly driven by average membership growth and per member premium increases 
for certain of our lines of business. These increases were partially offset by the write-off of $583 million of receivables 
associated with the commercial risk corridor premium stabilization program, the loss of premiums associated with a 
large group Medicare account that moved to a private exchange on January 1, 2016, and a decline in premiums revenue 
associated with fewer individual commercial medical members as discussed in our segment results of operations 
discussion that follows. Average membership is calculated by summing the ending membership for each month in a 
period and dividing the result by the number of months in a period. Premiums revenue reflects changes in membership 
and average per member premiums. Items impacting average per member premiums include changes in premium rates 
as well as changes in the geographic mix of membership, the mix of product offerings, and the mix of benefit plans 
selected by our membership.

Services Revenue

Consolidated services revenue decreased $437 million, or 31.1%, from 2015 to $1.0 billion for 2016 primarily due 

to the completion of the sale of Concentra on June 1, 2015.

Investment Income

Investment income totaled $389 million for 2016, a decrease of $85 million, or 17.9%, from 2015, primarily due 

to lower realized capital gains in 2016 and lower interest rates partially offset by a higher average invested balance.

Benefits Expense

Consolidated benefits expense was $45.0 billion for 2016, an increase of $738 million, or 1.7%, from 2015 primarily 
due to $505 million in incremental benefits expense for the reserve strengthening in our non-strategic closed block of 
long-term care insurance policies partially offset by the premium deficiency reserve recorded in the fourth quarter of 
2015 for certain of our individual commercial medical products for the 2016 coverage year. Excluding the long-term 
care reserve strengthening and impact of the premium deficiency reserve, the increase is primarily due to an increase 
in the Retail segment mainly driven by higher average individual Medicare Advantage membership. As more fully 
described herein under the section entitled “Benefits Expense Recognition”, actuarial standards require the use of 
assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or 
reserves that are considered redundant. We experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior 
fiscal years of $582 million in 2016 and $236 million in 2015. The increase in prior-period medical claims reserve 
development year over-year primarily was due to favorable year-over-year comparisons for our Medicare Advantage 
and individual commercial medical businesses. 

55

The consolidated benefit ratio for 2016 was 84.9%, an increase of 40 basis points from 2015 primarily due to the 
incremental benefits expense for the reserve strengthening in our non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance 
policies, the impact on the benefit ratio of lower consolidated premiums associated with the write-off of receivables 
for the commercial risk corridor premium stabilization program, and the impact of the premium deficiency reserve 
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 for certain of our individual commercial medical products for the 2016 coverage 
year. Excluding the impact of the write-off of the commercial risk corridor receivables and the premium deficiency 
reserve, these items were partially offset by year-over-year improvement in both the Retail and Group and Specialty 
segment benefit ratios as discussed in the segment results of operations discussion that follows. Favorable prior-period 
medical claims reserve development decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 110 basis points in 2016
versus approximately 50 basis points in 2015.

Operating Costs

Our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. We allocate the indirect costs shared by the 

segments primarily as a function of revenues. As a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.

Consolidated operating costs decreased $122 million, or 1.7%, from 2015 to $7.2 billion in 2016 primarily due to 

the completion of the sale of Concentra on June 1, 2015. 

The consolidated operating cost ratio for 2016 was 13.3%, decreasing 30 basis points from 2015 primarily due to 
the completion of the sale of Concentra on June 1, 2015. Concentra carried a higher operating cost ratio than our Group 
and Specialty and Retail segments. This was partially offset by the unfavorable year-over-year comparison associated 
with the temporary suspension of certain discretionary administrative costs in the latter half of 2015, along with the 
impact of the commercial risk corridor receivables write-off in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization for 2016 of $354 million was relatively unchanged from 2015.

Interest Expense

Interest expense was $189 million for 2016 compared to $186 million for 2015, an increase of $3 million, or 1.6%.

Income Taxes

Our effective tax rate during 2016 was 60.5% compared to the effective tax rate of 47.5% in 2015 primarily 
reflecting lower pretax income year-over-year, the beneficial effect of the sale of Concentra on June 1, 2015 and the 
impact of non-deductible transaction costs associated with the Merger. Non-deductible transaction and integration 
planning costs associated with the Merger increased our effective tax rate by approximately 3.4 percentage points in 
2016 versus approximately 0.4 percentage points in 2015. Conversely, the tax effect of the sale of Concentra reduced 
our effective tax rate by approximately 4.5 percentage points in 2015. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements 
included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a complete reconciliation of the federal statutory 
rate to the effective tax rate. 

The effective tax rate for 2016 also reflects tax benefits associated with adopting new guidance related to the 
accounting for employee share-based payments effective January 1, 2016 as described in Note 2 to the condensed 
consolidated financial statements included in this report, which decreased our effective tax rate by approximately 1.2 
percentage points in 2016.

56

Retail Segment

 
 
Membership:
Medical membership:

Individual Medicare Advantage
Group Medicare Advantage
Medicare stand-alone PDP
Total Retail Medicare

State-based Medicaid
Medicare Supplement

Total Retail medical members

 
 
 
Premiums and Services Revenue:
Premiums:

Individual Medicare Advantage
Group Medicare Advantage
Medicare stand-alone PDP
Total Retail Medicare

State-based Medicaid
          Medicare Supplement
Total premiums

Services

Total premiums and services revenue

Income before income taxes
Benefit ratio
Operating cost ratio

Pretax Results

 

 

$

$
$

2016

2015

Members

Percentage

Change

2,837,600
355,400
4,951,400
8,144,400
388,100
218,800
8,751,300

2,753,400
484,100
4,557,900
7,795,400
373,700
158,600
8,327,700

84,200
(128,700)
393,500
349,000
14,400
60,200
423,600

3.1 %
(26.6)%
8.6 %
4.5 %
3.9 %
38.0 %
5.1 %

2016

2015

(in millions)

Change

Dollars

Percentage

 

$

$
$

31,863
4,283
4,009
40,155
2,640
428
43,223
6
43,229
1,690
85.1%
10.8%

$

$
$

29,526
5,588
3,846
38,960
2,341
304
41,605
8
41,613
1,259
86.7%
10.3%

2,337
(1,305)
163
1,195
299
124
1,618
(2)
1,616
431

7.9 %
(23.4)%
4.2 %
3.1 %
12.8 %
40.8 %
3.9 %
(25.0)%
3.9 %
34.2 %
(1.6)%
0.5 %

•  Retail segment pretax income was $1,690 million in 2016, an increase of $431 million, or 34.2%, compared 
to 2015  primarily driven by the year-over-year improvement in our individual Medicare Advantage and state-
based Medicaid businesses.

Enrollment

• 

Individual Medicare Advantage membership increased 84,200 members, or 3.1%, from December 31, 2015
to December 31, 2016 reflecting net membership additions, particularly for our HMO offerings, for the 2016
plan year.  

•  Group Medicare Advantage membership decreased 128,700 members, or 26.6%, from December 31, 2015 to 
December 31, 2016  reflecting the loss of a large account that moved to a private exchange offering on January 
1, 2016.

57

•  Medicare stand-alone PDP membership increased 393,500 members, or 8.6%, from December 31, 2015 to 
December 31, 2016 reflecting net membership additions, primarily for our Humana-Walmart plan offering, 
for the 2016 plan year.

• 

State-based  Medicaid  membership  increased  14,400  members,  or  3.9%,  from  December 31,  2015  to 
December 31, 2016 primarily driven by the addition of members under our Florida Medicaid contract.  

Premiums revenue

•  Retail segment premiums increased $1,618 million, or 3.9%, from 2015 to 2016 primarily due to higher average 
membership for our individual Medicare Advantage and state-based Medicaid businesses and per member 
premium increases for certain lines of business. Average individual Medicare Advantage membership increased
3.9% in 2016. 

Benefits expense

•  The Retail segment benefit ratio of 85.1% for 2016 decreased 160 basis points from 2015 primarily due to 
lower year-over-year Medicare Advantage utilization, and favorable comparisons of prior-year medical claims 
reserve development.

•  The Retail segment’s benefits expense for 2016 included the beneficial effect of $429 million in favorable 
prior-year medical claims reserve development versus $248 million in 2015. This favorable prior-year medical 
claims reserve development decreased the Retail segment benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in 
2016 versus approximately 60 basis points in 2015. The year-over-year increase in prior-period medical claims 
reserve development primarily was due to favorable year-over-year comparisons for our Medicare Advantage 
business. 

Operating costs

•  The Retail segment operating cost ratio of 10.8% for 2016 increased 50 basis points from 2015 primarily due 
to the unfavorable comparison to unusually low operating expenses in 2015 resulting from the temporary 
suspension of certain discretionary administrative costs, and the loss of a large group Medicare Advantage 
account which carried a lower operating cost ratio than that for our individual Medicare Advantage business. 
The non-deductible health insurance industry fee increased the operating cost ratio by approximately 170 basis 
points in 2016 as compared to 160 basis points in 2015.

Group and Specialty Segment

 
 
Membership:
Medical membership:

Fully-insured commercial group
ASO
Military services

Total group medical members

Specialty membership (a)

 

Change

2016

2015

Members

Percentage

1,136,000
573,200
3,084,100
4,793,300
6,961,200

1,178,300
710,700
3,074,400
4,963,400
7,221,800

(42,300)
(137,500)
9,700
(170,100)
(260,600)

(3.6)%
(19.3)%
0.3 %
(3.4)%
(3.6)%

(a)  Specialty products include dental, vision, voluntary benefit products and other supplemental health and financial 
protection products. Members included in these products may not be unique to each product since members 
have the ability to enroll in multiple products.

58

 
 
 
Premiums and Services Revenue:
Premiums:

Fully-insured commercial group
Specialty
Military services

Total premiums

Services

Total premiums and services revenue

Income before income taxes
Benefit ratio
Operating cost ratio

Pretax Results

 

$

$
$

2016

2015

(in millions)

Change

Dollars

Percentage

 

$

$
$

5,405
1,279
12
6,696
643
7,339
344
78.2%
23.5%

$

$
$

5,493
1,316
21
6,830
658
7,488
321
78.8%
23.4%

(88)
(37)
(9)
(134)
(15)
(149)
23

(1.6)%
(2.8)%
(42.9)%
(2.0)%
(2.3)%
(2.0)%
7.2 %
(0.6)%
0.1 %

•  Group and Specialty segment pretax income was $344 million in 2016, an increase of $23 million, or 7.2%, 

from $321 million in 2015 driven by the improvement in the benefit ratio as discussed below.

Enrollment

• 

Fully-insured commercial group medical membership decreased 42,300 members, or 3.6% from December 31, 
2015 reflecting lower membership in both large and small group accounts.

•  Group ASO commercial medical membership decreased 137,500 members, or 19.3%, from December 31, 
2015 to December 31, 2016 primarily due to the loss of certain large group accounts as a result of continued 
discipline in pricing of services for self-funded accounts amid a highly competitive environment.

• 

Specialty membership decreased 260,600 members, or 3.6%, from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016
primarily due to the loss of several large stand-alone dental and vision accounts as well as the loss of certain 
fully-insured group medical accounts that also had specialty coverage. The decrease includes the loss of certain 
individual commercial medical members that also had specialty coverage. 

Premiums revenue

•  Group and Specialty segment premiums decreased $134 million, or 2.0%, from 2015 to 2016 primarily due 
to a decline in fully-insured commercial medical membership as described above, partially offset by an increase 
in fully-insured commercial medical per member premiums.

Services revenue

•  Group and Specialty segment services revenue decreased $15 million, or 2.3%, from 2015 to 2016 primarily 

due to a decline in group ASO commercial medical membership.

Benefits expense

•  The Group and Specialty segment benefit ratio decreased 60 basis points from 78.8% in 2015 to 78.2% in 
2016 primarily reflecting the beneficial effect of higher prior-year medical claims reserve development in 
2016 and lower utilization.

•  The Group and Specialty segment’s benefits expense included the beneficial effect of $46 million in favorable 
prior-year medical claims reserve development in 2016 versus $7 million in 2015. This favorable prior-year 

59

medical claims reserve development decreased the Group and Specialty segment benefit ratio by approximately 
70 basis points in 2016 versus approximately 10 basis points in 2015. 

Operating costs

•  The Group and Specialty segment operating cost ratio of 23.5% for 2016 increased 10 basis points from 23.4%
for 2015, primarily due to the unfavorable comparison to unusually low operating expenses in 2015 resulting 
from  the  temporary  suspension  of  certain  discretionary  administrative  costs.  The  non-deductible  health 
insurance industry fee increased the operating cost ratio by approximately 150 basis points in 2016 as compared 
to 140 basis points in 2015.

Healthcare Services Segment

 
 
 
Revenues:
Services:

Clinical care services
Provider services
Pharmacy solutions

Total services revenues

Intersegment revenues:
Pharmacy solutions
Provider services
Clinical care services

Total intersegment revenues
Total services and intersegment revenues

Income before income taxes
Operating cost ratio

Pretax results

 

$

$
$

2016

2015

(in millions)

Change

Dollars

Percentage

 

201
78
31
310

21,952
1,677
1,343
24,972
25,282
1,096
95.2%

$

$
$

181
515
30
726

20,551
1,291
1,208
23,050
23,776
1,022
95.0%

$

$
$

20
(437)
1
(416)

1,401
386
135
1,922
1,506
74

11.0 %
(84.9)%
3.3 %
(57.3)%

6.8 %
29.9 %
11.2 %
8.3 %
6.3 %
7.2 %
0.2 %

•  Healthcare Services segment pretax income of $1,096 million for 2016 increased $74 million, or 7.2%, from 
2015  primarily due to incremental earnings associated with revenue growth from our pharmacy solutions 
business as it increased mail-order penetration and served our growing individual Medicare membership. The 
increase was partially offset by lower earnings in our provider services business reflecting significantly lower 
Medicare rates year-over-year associated with CMS' risk coding recalibration for 2016 in geographies where 
our provider assets are primarily located.

Script Volume

•  Humana Pharmacy Solutions® script volumes for the Retail and Group and Specialty segment membership 
increased to approximately 426 million in 2016, up 7% versus scripts of approximately 398 million in 2015. 
The increase primarily reflects growth associated with higher average medical membership for 2016 than in 
2015.

Services revenue

• 

Services revenue decreased $416 million, or 57.3%, from 2015 to $310 million for 2016 primarily due to the 
completion of the sale of Concentra on June 1, 2015.

60

Intersegment revenues

• 

Intersegment revenues increased $1.9 billion, or 8.3%, from 2015 to $25.0 billion for 2016 primarily due to 
increased mail order penetration and growth in our individual Medicare Advantage and Medicare stand-alone 
PDP  membership  which  resulted  in  increased  engagement  of  members  in  clinical  programs  and  higher 
utilization of services across the segment.

Operating costs

•  The Healthcare Services segment operating cost ratio of 95.2% for 2016 increased slightly from 2015 primarily 
due to a higher operating cost ratio for our provider services business reflecting significantly lower Medicare 
rates year-over-year as discussed above, partially offset by operating cost efficiencies associated with our 
pharmacy operations.

Individual Commercial Segment

• 

• 

In 2016, our Individual Commercial segment pretax loss decreased by $436 million, or 100.7%, from 2015
primarily driven by the write-off of commercial risk corridor receivables, partially offset by the impact of the 
premium  deficiency  reserve  recorded  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2015  associated  with  certain  individual 
commercial medical policies from the 2016 coverage year. 

Individual commercial medical membership decreased 244,300 members, or 27.2%, from December 31, 2015
to December 31, 2016 primarily reflecting the loss of on-exchange members due to product competitiveness, 
the loss of membership associated with the discontinuance of certain Health Care Reform Law compliant plans 
in 2016, the loss of membership associated with non-payment of premiums or termination by CMS due to 
lack of eligibility documentation, and the loss of members subscribing to plans that are not compliant with 
the Health Care Reform Law.

•  The Individual Commercial segment benefit ratio of 107.7% for 2016 increased from 91.1% in 2015 primarily 
due to the reduction of premiums related to the write-off of receivables associated with the commercial risk 
corridor premium stabilization program, partially offset by the impact of the premium deficiency reserve 
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 for certain of our individual commercial medical products for the 2016 
coverage year.  As previously disclosed, in the fourth quarter of 2015 we recorded a premium deficiency 
reserve associated with our 2016 individual commercial offerings compliant with the Health Care Reform 
Law. During 2016, we increased the premium deficiency reserve for the 2016 coverage year and recorded a 
change in estimate of $208 million with a corresponding increase in benefits expense primarily as a result of 
unfavorable current and projected claims experience. 

•  The Individual Commercial segment operating cost ratio of 19.6% for 2016 increased 40 basis points from
2015 primarily due to the impact on premiums of the write-off of receivables associated with the commercial 
risk corridor premium stabilization program. The non-deductible health insurance industry fee increased the 
operating cost ratio by approximately 200 basis points in 2016 as compared to 170 basis points in 2015.

Other Businesses

 
As previously disclosed, in the fourth quarter of 2016, we increased future policy benefits expense by approximately 
$505 million for reserve strengthening associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. This 
increase primarily was driven by emerging experience indicating longer claims duration, a prolonged lower interest 
rate environment, and an increase in policyholder life expectancies as discussed further in Note 18 to the consolidated 
financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this 2016 Form 10-K.

  

61

 Liquidity

Historically, our primary sources of cash have included receipts of premiums, services revenue, and investment 
and other income, as well as proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, borrowings, and proceeds 
from sales of businesses. Our primary uses of cash historically have included disbursements for claims payments, 
operating costs, interest on borrowings, taxes, purchases of investment securities, acquisitions, capital expenditures, 
repayments on borrowings, dividends, and share repurchases. Because premiums generally are collected in advance of 
claim payments by a period of up to several months, our business normally should produce positive cash flows during 
periods of increasing premiums and enrollment. Conversely, cash flows would be negatively impacted during periods 
of decreasing premiums and enrollment. From period to period, our cash flows may also be affected by the timing of 
working capital items including premiums receivable, benefits payable, and other receivables and payables. Our cash 
flows are impacted by the timing of payments to and receipts from CMS associated with Medicare Part D subsidies 
for which we do not assume risk. The use of cash flows may be limited by regulatory requirements of state departments 
of insurance (or comparable state regulators) which require, among other items, that our regulated subsidiaries maintain 
minimum levels of capital and seek approval before paying dividends from the subsidiaries to the parent. Our use of 
cash flows derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as in our Healthcare Services segment, is generally not 
restricted by state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators).

The effect of the commercial risk adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions of the Health Care Reform 
Law have impacted the timing of our operating cash flows, as we build receivables for each coverage year that are 
expected to be collected in subsequent coverage years.  Net collections under the 3Rs associated with prior coverage 
years were $440 million in 2017 as compared to $383 million in 2016.  As more fully described in Note 7 to the 
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we wrote off 
$583 million in risk corridor receivables outstanding as of September 30, 2016, including $415 million associated with 
the 2014 and 2015 coverage years. From inception of the risk corridor program through December 31, 2017, we collected 
approximately $39 million from CMS for risk corridor receivables associated with the 2014 coverage year funded by 
HHS in accordance with previous guidance, utilizing funds HHS collected from us and other carriers under the 2014 
and 2015 risk corridor program.  On November 2, 2017, we filed suit against the United States of America in the United 
States  Court  of  Federal  Claims,  on  behalf  of  our  health  plans  seeking  recovery  from  the  federal  government  of 
approximately $611 million in payments under the risk corridor premium stabilization program established under the 
Health Care Reform Law, for years 2014, 2015 and 2016.The remaining net receivable balance associated with the 3Rs 
was approximately $31 million at December 31, 2017, including the $44 million reinsurance receivable related to the 
2016 coverage year, as compared to $456 million at December 31, 2016. The remaining net receivable balance is 
primarily related to our Individual Commercial medical business which we have exited January 1, 2018. 

For additional information on our liquidity risk, please refer to Item 1A. – Risk Factors in this 2017 Form 10-K.

Cash and cash equivalents increased to $4.0 billion at December 31, 2017 from $3.9 billion at December 31, 2016. 
The change in cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is summarized as 
follows:

 
    Net cash provided by operating activities
    Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities
    Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Increase in cash and cash equivalents

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

$

4,051
(2,941)
(945)
165

$

$

1,936
(1,362)
732
1,306

$

$

868
320
(552)
636

62

Cash Flow from Operating Activities

The change in operating cash flows over the three year period primarily results from the corresponding change in  
the timing of working capital items, earnings, and enrollment activity as discussed below. The increase in operating 
cash flows in 2017 primarily was due to the receipt of the merger termination fee, net of related expenses and taxes 
paid, higher earnings and the timing of working capital items. The increase in operating cash flows in 2016  primarily 
was due to the timing of working capital items and higher earnings exclusive of the commercial risk corridor receivables 
write-off and the long-term care reserve strengthening in 2016, as well as the gain on sale of Concentra and the recognition 
of the premium deficiency reserve in 2015 discussed previously. 

The most significant drivers of changes in our working capital are typically the timing of payments of benefits 
expense and receipts for premiums. We illustrate these changes with the following summaries of benefits payable and 
receivables.

The detail of benefits payable was as follows at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 
 
 
IBNR (1)
Reported claims in process (2)
Premium deficiency reserve (3)
Other benefits payable (4)
Total benefits payable

 

$

$

2017

3,154
614
—
900
4,668

 

$

$

2016

3,422
654
—
487
4,563

 

2015

(in millions)
3,730
$
600
176
470
4,976

$

2017

Change
2016

2015

$

$

(268) $
(40)
—
413
105

$

 
(308) $

54
(176)
17

(413) $

476
125
176
(276)
501

(1)  IBNR represents an estimate of benefits payable for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR) at the balance 
sheet date and includes unprocessed claim inventories. The level of IBNR is primarily impacted by membership 
levels, medical claim trends and the receipt cycle time, which represents the length of time between when a 
claim is initially incurred and when the claim form is received (i.e. a shorter time span results in a lower IBNR).
(2)  Reported claims in process represents the estimated valuation of processed claims that are in the post claim 
adjudication process, which consists of administrative functions such as audit and check batching and handling, 
as well as amounts owed to our pharmacy benefit administrator which fluctuate due to bi-weekly payments and 
the month-end cutoff.

(3)  Premium deficiency reserve recognized for our individual commercial medical business compliant with the 

Health Care Reform Law associated with the 2016 coverage year.

(4)  Other benefits payable include amounts owed to providers under capitated and risk sharing arrangements.

The increase in benefits payable in 2017 largely was due to an increase in amounts owed under capitated, risk 
sharing, and quality incentive arrangements, partially offset by a decrease in IBNR. Benefits payable decreased in 2016 
primarily due to a decrease in IBNR, as well as the application of 2016 results to the premium deficiency reserve liability 
recognized in 2015 associated with our individual commercial medical products compliant with the Health Care Reform 
Law for the 2016 coverage year. There was no premium deficiency reserve liability at December 31, 2016 or 2017. 
The increase in benefits payable in 2015 largely was due to increases in IBNR and in the amount of processed but 
unpaid claims due to our pharmacy benefit administrator, which fluctuates due to month-end cutoff. These items were 
partially offset by a decrease in amounts owed to providers under capitated and risk sharing arrangements in 2015, 
including the disbursement of a portion of our Medicare risk adjustment collections under our contractual obligations 
associated with our risk sharing arrangements. In addition, benefits payable in 2015 reflects the recognition of the 
premium deficiency reserve discussed previously.

IBNR decreased during 2017 and 2016 primarily due to declines in individual and fully-insured group commercial 
membership. The decrease in IBNR during 2016 was also impacted by declines in group Medicare Advantage. IBNR 
increased  during  2015  primarily  as  a  result  of  individual  Medicare Advantage  membership  growth. As  discussed 
previously, our cash flows are impacted by changes in enrollment. The decline in membership experienced in 2017 and 
2016 negatively impacted operating cash flows for those years.  

63

The detail of total net receivables was as follows at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 
 
 
Medicare
Commercial and other
Military services
Allowance for doubtful accounts

Total net receivables

Reconciliation to cash flow
statement:

Provision for doubtful accounts
Change in receivables acquired,
     held-for-sale, or disposed
     from sale of business

Change in receivables per cash flow
    statement resulting in cash from
    operations

 

$

$

2017

511
273
166
(96)
854

 

$

$

2016

787
579
32
(118)
1,280

 

$

$

2015

2017

$

(in millions)
765
420
77
(101)
1,161

(276) $
(306)
134
22
(426)

20

—

Change
2016

2015

$

22
159
(45)
(17)
119

39

—

101
39
(29)
(3)
108

61

11

$

(406) $

158

$

180

Medicare  receivables  are  impacted  by  changes  in  revenue  associated  with  individual  and  group  Medicare 
membership changes as well as the timing of accruals and related collections associated with the CMS risk-adjustment 
model.

The decrease in commercial and other receivables in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily was due to a decrease 
in our receivable associated with the commercial risk adjustment provision of the Health Care Reform Law. The increases 
in commercial and other receivables in 2016 and 2015 primarily reflect increases in our receivable associated with the 
commercial risk adjustment provision of the Health Care Reform Law. 

Military services receivables at December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 primarily consist of administrative services 
only fees owed from the federal government for administrative services provided under our TRICARE South Region 
contract. The 2017 balance also includes transition-in receivables under our T2017 East Region contract with collection 
scheduled in 2018.

Many  provisions  of  the  Health  Care  Reform  Law  became  effective  in  2014,  including  the  commercial  risk 
adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions as well as the non-deductible health insurance industry fee. As 
discussed previously, the timing of payments and receipts associated with these provisions impacted our operating cash 
flows as we built receivables for each coverage year that were expected to be collected in subsequent coverage years.   
Net collections under the 3Rs associated with prior coverage years were $440 million as compared to net collections 
of $383 million in 2016.  The net receivable balance associated with the 3Rs was approximately $31 million at December 
31, 2017, including certain amounts recorded in receivables as noted above. The annual health insurance industry fee 
was suspended for the calendar year 2017, but has resumed in calendar year 2018. The annual health insurance industry 
fee was also suspended for the calendar year 2019 and is scheduled to resume in calendar year 2020. We paid the federal 
government annual health insurance industry fees of $916 million in 2016 and $867 million in 2015. We have exited 
our individual commercial medical business effective January 1, 2018.

In addition to the timing of payments of benefits expense, receipts for premiums and services revenues, and amounts 
due under the risk limiting and health insurance industry fee provisions of the Health Care Reform Law, other items 
impacting operating cash flows include income tax payments and the timing of payroll cycles resulting in one less 
payroll cycle in 2016 than in 2015. 

64

Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Our ongoing capital expenditures primarily relate to our information technology initiatives, support of services in 
our provider services operations including medical and administrative facility improvements necessary for activities 
such  as  the  provision  of  care  to  members,  claims  processing,  billing  and  collections,  wellness  solutions,  care 
coordination, regulatory compliance and customer service. Total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were 
$526 million in 2017, $527 million in 2016, and $523 million in 2015.

We reinvested a portion of our operating cash flows in investment securities, primarily investment-grade fixed 
income  securities,  totaling  $2.4  billion  in  2017  and  $828  million  in  2016.  Proceeds  from  sales  and  maturities  of 
investment securities exceeded purchases by $103 million in 2015. These net proceeds were used to fund normal 
working capital needs due to an increase in receivables associated with the 3Rs in addition to the timing of payments 
to and receipts from CMS associated with Medicare Part D reinsurance subsidies, as discussed below.

In 2015, we purchased a $284 million note receivable directly from a third-party bank syndicate related to the 
financing of MCCI Holdings, LLC's business as described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included 
in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The purchase of this note is included with purchases of 
investment securities in our consolidated statement of cash flows.

On  June  1,  2015,  we  completed  the  sale  of  Concentra  for  approximately  $1,055  million  in  cash,  excluding 

approximately $22 million of transaction costs.

Cash consideration paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was $31 million in 2017, $7 million in 2016, and 

$38 million in 2015. Acquisitions in each year included Healthcare Services segment related acquisitions. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities

Our financing cash flows are significantly impacted by the timing of claims payments and the related receipts from 
CMS associated with Medicare Part D claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk. Monthly prospective payments 
from CMS for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. 
Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months 
after the close of each calendar year.  Receipts from CMS associated with Medicare Part D claim subsidies for which 
we do not assume risk were $1.9 billion higher than claims payments during 2017 and were $1.1 billion higher than  
claims payments during 2016.  Claim payments were $361 million higher than receipts from CMS associated with 
Medicare Part D claims subsidies for which we do not assume risk during 2015.  In 2015, we experienced higher 
specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for Hepatitis C than were contemplated in our bids 
which resulted in higher subsidy receivable balances under the terms of our contracts with CMS. Our net payable for 
CMS subsidies and brand name prescription drug discounts was $1.0 billion at December 31, 2017 compared to a net 
receivable of $0.9 billion at December 31, 2016. Refer to Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Under  our  administrative  services  only  TRICARE  South  Region  contract,  reimbursements  from  the  federal 
government exceeded health care cost payments for which we do not assume risk by $11 million in 2017.  Health care 
cost payments for which we do not assume risk exceeded reimbursements from the federal government by $25 million
in 2016 and $4 million in 2015. 

Claims payments associated with cost sharing provisions of the Health Care Reform Law for which we do not 
assume risk were higher than reimbursements from HHS by $44 million in 2017 and by $28 million in 2016.  Claim 
payments were less than reimbursements by $69 million in 2015. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements 
included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further description.

We repurchased 12.99 million shares for $3.05 billion in 2017 and 1.85 million shares for $329 million in 2015
under share repurchase plans authorized by the Board of Directors. We did not repurchase shares in 2016 due to 
restrictions under the Merger Agreement. We also acquired common shares in connection with employee stock plans 
for an aggregate cost of $115 million in 2017, $104 million in 2016, and $56 million in 2015.

65

As discussed further below, we paid dividends to stockholders of $220 million in 2017, $177 million in 2016, and   

$172 million in 2015.

We entered into a commercial paper program in October 2014. Net repayments of commercial paper were $153 
million in 2017 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2017 was $500 million. Net 
repayments of commercial paper were $2 million in 2016 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one 
time during 2016 was $475 million. Net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper were $298 million in 2015
and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2015 was $414 million.

In March 2017, we issued $600 million of 3.95% senior notes due March 15, 2027 and $400 million of 4.80%
senior notes due March 15, 2047. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discount and commission and offering 
expenses paid as of March 31, 2017, were $991 million. The net proceeds from these issuances are being used for 
general corporate purposes.

In December 2017, we issued $400 million of 2.50% senior notes due December 15, 2020 and $400 million of
2.90% senior notes due December 15, 2022. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discount and commission 
and offering expenses paid as of December 31, 2017, were $794 million. We used the net proceeds, together with 
available cash, to fund the redemption of our $300 million aggregate principal amount of 6.30% senior notes maturing 
in August 2018 and our $500 million aggregate principal amount of 7.20% senior notes maturing in June 2018 at 100%
of the principal amount plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption 
date, for cash totaling approximately $829 million.

The remainder of the cash used in or provided by financing activities in 2017, 2016, and 2015 primarily resulted 

from proceeds from stock option exercises and the change in book overdraft.

Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity

Dividends

For a detailed discussion of  dividends to stockholders, please refer to Note 15 to the consolidated financial 

statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Stock Repurchases

For a detailed discussion of stock repurchases, please refer to Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements 

included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Debt

For a detailed discussion of our debt, including our senior notes, credit agreement and commercial paper program, 
please  refer  to  Note  12  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  included  in  Item 8.  –  Financial  Statements  and 
Supplementary Data.

Acquisitions & Divestitures

On November 6, 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary 
KMG to CGIC, a Texas-based insurance company wholly owned by HC2 Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company. 
KMG’s subsidiary, KIC, includes our closed block of non-strategic commercial long-term care insurance policies. We 
will fund the transaction with approximately $203 million of parent company cash contributed into KMG, subject to 
customary adjustments, in addition to the transfer of approximately $150 million of statutory capital with the sale. The 
KMG transaction is anticipated to close by the third quarter of 2018 subject to customary closing conditions, including 
South Carolina Department of Insurance approval. There can be no assurance we will obtain regulatory approvals 
needed to sell the business or do so under terms acceptable to us.

66

 On December 19, 2017, we announced that we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a 40% minority 
interest in the Kindred at Home Division (Kindred at Home) of Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (Kindred)(NYSE: KND), the 
nation’s  largest  home  health  provider  and  second  largest  hospice  operator,  for  estimated  cash  consideration  of 
approximately $800 million, including our share of transaction and related expenses, to facilitate a complete separation 
from  the  Long  Term Acute  Care  and  Rehabilitation  businesses  (the  Specialty  Hospital  company).  The  Kindred 
transaction, which is anticipated to close in the summer of 2018, is subject to customary state and federal regulatory 
approvals, including approval by the stockholders of Kindred and the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended, as well as other customary closing conditions. We expect 
to fund the transaction through the use of parent company cash and will account for the minority investment under the 
equity method. The pending transaction did not have a material impact to earnings in 2017. 

For a detailed discussion of the above please refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in 

Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Liquidity Requirements

We believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit 
agreement and our commercial paper program or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide 
adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, 
and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares.

Adverse changes in our credit rating may increase the rate of interest we pay and may impact the amount of credit 
available  to  us  in  the  future.  Our  investment-grade  credit  rating  at  December 31,  2017  was  BBB+  according  to 
Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, or S&P, and Baa3 according to Moody’s Investors Services, Inc., or Moody’s. A 
downgrade by S&P to BB+ or by Moody’s to Ba1 triggers an interest rate increase of 25 basis points with respect to 
$750 million of our senior notes. Successive one notch downgrades increase the interest rate an additional 25 basis 
points, or annual interest expense by $2 million, up to a maximum 100 basis points, or annual interest expense by $8 
million.

In addition, we operate as a holding company in a highly regulated industry. Humana Inc., our parent company, is 
dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries, most of which are subject 
to regulatory restrictions. We continue to maintain significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus 
in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at the parent company 
decreased to $688 million at December 31, 2017 from $2.0 billion at December 31, 2016. This decrease primarily 
reflects common stock repurchases, insurance subsidiaries' capital contributions and capital expenditures, partially 
offset by insurance subsidiaries dividends, non-insurance subsidiaries' profits and net proceeds from debt issuance. Our 
use of operating cash derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as our Healthcare Services segment, is generally 
not restricted by Departments of Insurance (or comparable state regulatory agencies). Our regulated subsidiaries paid 
dividends to the parent of $1.4 billion in 2017, $763 million in 2016, and $493 million in 2015. Subsidiary dividends 
in 2015 reflect the impact of losses for our individual commercial medical business compliant with the Health Care 
Reform Law and the November 5, 2015 revised statutory accounting guidance requiring the exclusion of risk corridor 
receivables from related statutory surplus. Refer to our parent company financial statements and accompanying notes 
in Schedule I - Parent Company Financial Information. Excluding Puerto Rico subsidiaries, the amount of ordinary 
dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2018 is approximately $1.1 billion, in the aggregate. Actual 
dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus 
requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix.

Our parent company funded a subsidiary capital contribution of approximately $535 million in the first quarter of 
2017 for reserve strengthening associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies discussed further 
in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

67

Regulatory Requirements

For a detailed discussion of our regulatory requirements, including aggregate statutory capital and surplus as well 
as dividends paid from the subsidiaries to the parent, please refer to Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements 
included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Contractual Obligations

We are contractually obligated to make payments for years subsequent to December 31, 2017 as follows:

 

Payments Due by Period

 
 
Debt
Interest (1)
Operating leases (2)
Purchase obligations (3)
Future policy benefits payable and other
long-term liabilities (4)

Total

Total

Less than
1 Year

$

$

4,950
3,021
519
429

3,396
12,315

$

$

150
200
152
226

91
819

1-3 Years
(in millions)
1,200
$
379
218
188

482
2,467

$

$

$

3-5 Years

More than
5 Years

600
347
97
15

208
1,267

$

$

3,000
2,095
52
—

2,615
7,762

(1)  Interest includes the estimated contractual interest payments under our debt agreements.
(2)  We lease facilities, computer hardware, and other furniture and equipment under long-term operating leases 
that are noncancelable and expire on various dates through 2046. We sublease facilities or partial facilities to 
third  party  tenants  for  space  not  used  in  our  operations  which  partially  mitigates  our  operating  lease 
commitments. An operating lease is a type of off-balance sheet arrangement. Assuming we acquired the asset, 
rather than leased such asset, we would have recognized a liability for the financing of these assets. See also 
Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data.

(3)  Purchase  obligations  include  agreements  to  purchase  services,  primarily  information  technology  related 
services, or to make improvements to real estate, in each case that are enforceable and legally binding on us 
and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum levels of service to be purchased; fixed, 
minimum or variable price provisions; and the appropriate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations 
exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty.

(4)  Includes future policy benefits payable ceded to third parties through 100% coinsurance agreements as more 
fully described in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data. We expect the assuming reinsurance carriers to fund these obligations and reflected 
these amounts as reinsurance recoverables included in other long-term assets on our consolidated balance sheet. 
Amounts payable in less than one year are included in trade accounts payable and accrued expenses in the 
consolidated balance sheet. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2017, we were not involved in any special purpose entity, or SPE, transactions. For a detailed 
discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements, please refer to Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included 
in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Guarantees and Indemnifications

For a detailed discussion of our guarantees and indemnifications, please refer to Note 16 to the consolidated financial 

statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

68

Government Contracts

For a detailed discussion of our government contracts, including our Medicare, Military, and Medicaid contracts, 
please  refer  to  Note  16  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  included  in  Item 8.  –  Financial  Statements  and 
Supplementary Data.

Other

On February 14, 2017, we and Aetna agreed to mutually terminate the Merger Agreement, as our Board determined 
that an appeal of the Court's ruling would not be in the best interest of our stockholders. On February 16, 2017, under 
the terms of the Merger Agreement, we received a breakup fee of $1 billion. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated 
financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements and accompanying 
notes requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial 
statements and accompanying notes. We continuously evaluate our estimates and those critical accounting policies 
primarily related to benefits expense and revenue recognition as well as accounting for impairments related to our 
investment securities, goodwill, and long-lived assets. These estimates are based on knowledge of current events and 
anticipated future events and, accordingly, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates. We believe the 
following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of 
our consolidated financial statements.

Benefits Expense Recognition

Benefits expense is recognized in the period in which services are provided and includes an estimate of the cost 
of services which have been incurred but not yet reported, or IBNR. IBNR represents a substantial portion of our 
benefits payable as follows:

 
IBNR
Reported claims in process
Other benefits payable

Total benefits payable

December 31,

2017

Percentage

of Total

December 31,

2016

Percentage

of Total

$

$

3,154
614
900
4,668

(dollars in millions)
67.6% $
13.1%
19.3%
100.0% $

3,422
654
487
4,563

75.0%
14.3%
10.7%
100.0%

Our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate within a level of confidence 
required by actuarial standards. For further discussion of our reserving methodology, including our use of completion 
and claims per member per month trend factors to estimate IBNR, refer to Note  2 to the consolidated financial statements 
included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

69

The completion and claims per member per month trend factors are the most significant factors impacting the 
IBNR estimate. The portion of IBNR estimated using completion factors for claims incurred prior to the most recent 
two months is generally less variable than the portion of IBNR estimated using trend factors. The following table 
illustrates the sensitivity of these factors assuming moderately adverse experience and the estimated potential impact 
on our operating results caused by reasonably likely changes in these factors based on December 31, 2017 data:

Completion Factor (a):

Claims Trend Factor (b):

Factor

Change (c)

Decrease in

Benefits Payable

Factor

Change (c)

Decrease in

Benefits Payable

(dollars in millions)

0.60%
0.50%
0.40%
0.30%
0.20%
0.10%
—%

$(182)
$(152)
$(121)
$(91)
$(61)
$(30)
$—

(2.75)%
(2.50)%
(2.25)%
(2.00)%
(1.75)%
(1.50)%
(1.25)%

$(287)
$(261)
$(235)
$(209)
$(183)
$(157)
$(131)

(a)  Reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at December 31, 2017 caused by changes in completion 

factors for incurred months prior to the most recent two months.

(b)  Reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at December 31, 2017 caused by changes in annualized 
claims trend used for the estimation of per member per month incurred claims for the most recent two months.

(c)  The factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.

The following table provides a historical perspective regarding the accrual and payment of our benefits payable, 
excluding military services. Components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current 
year  estimated  benefits  expense  as  well  as  adjustments  to  prior  year  estimated  accruals.  Refer  to  Note  10  to  the 
consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for Retail, Group 
and  Specialty,  and  Individual  Commercial  segment  tables  including  information  about  incurred  and  paid  claims 
development as of December 31, 2017, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of IBNR 
included within the net incurred claims amounts.

 
Balances at January 1
Less: Premium deficiency reserve
Less: Reinsurance recoverables
Balances at January 1, net
Incurred related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total incurred

Paid related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total paid

Premium deficiency reserve
Reinsurance recoverable
Balances at December 31

70

$

2017

4,563
—
(76)
4,487

44,001
(483)
43,518

$

2016

(in millions)
$
4,976
(176)
(85)
4,715

45,318
(582)
44,736

2015

4,475
—
(78)
4,397

44,397
(236)
44,161

(39,496)
(3,911)
(43,407)
—
70
4,668

$

(40,852)
(4,112)
(44,964)
—
76
4,563

$

(39,802)
(4,041)
(43,843)
176
85
4,976

$

The following table summarizes the changes in estimate for incurred claims related to prior years attributable to 
our key assumptions. As previously described, our key assumptions consist of trend and completion factors estimated 
using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. The amounts below represent the difference between our original 
estimates and the actual benefits expense ultimately incurred as determined from subsequent claim payments.

 
 

 
 
Trend factors
Completion factors

Total

Favorable Development by Changes in Key Assumptions

2017

Amount

Factor

Change (a)

2016

Factor

Amount
(dollars in millions)

Change (a)

2015

Amount

Factor

Change (a)

$

$

(279)
(204)
(483)

(2.6)% $
0.7 %

$

(316)
(266)
(582)

(2.9)% $
0.9 %

$

(145)
(91)
(236)

(1.5)%
0.4 %

(a)  The factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.

As previously discussed, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate 
liability for claims. Actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which 
generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. We experienced favorable 
medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of $483 million in 2017, $582 million in 2016, and 
$236 million in 2015. The table below details our favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal 
years by segment for 2017, 2016, and 2015.

 
 
 
Retail Segment
Group and Specialty Segment
Individual Commercial Segment
Other Businesses
Total

Favorable Medical Claims Reserve

Development

2017

2016

2015

(in millions)

$

$

(386) $
(40)
(56)
(1)

(483) $

(429) $
(46)
(106)
(1)

(582) $

(248) $

(7)
20
(1)

(236) $

Change

2017

2016

43
6
50
—
99

$

$

(181)
(39)
(126)
—
(346)

The favorable medical claims reserve development for 2017, 2016, and 2015 primarily reflects the consistent 
application of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. Our 
favorable development for each of the years presented above is discussed further in Note 10 to the consolidated financial 
statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

We continually adjust our historical trend and completion factor experience with our knowledge of recent events 
that may impact current trends and completion factors when establishing our reserves. Because our reserving practice 
is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions as 
required by actuarial standards, there is a reasonable possibility that variances between actual trend and completion 
factors and those assumed in our December 31, 2017 estimates would fall towards the middle of the ranges previously 
presented in our sensitivity table. 

71

Benefits expense excluded from the previous table was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016

and 2015:

 
Premium deficiency reserve for short-duration policies
Military services
Future policy benefits

Total

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

$

— $
—
(22)
(22) $

(176) $

8
439
271

$

176
12
(80)
108

In the fourth quarter of 2015, we recognized a premium deficiency reserve for our individual commercial medical 
business compliant with the Health Care Reform Law associated with the 2016 coverage year as discussed in more 
detail in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data.

Military services benefits expense for each year in the table above reflect expenses associated with our contracts 

with the Veterans Administration. 

The higher benefits expense associated with future policy benefits payable during 2016 primarily relates to reserve 
strengthening for our closed block of long-term care insurance policies acquired in connection with the 2007 KMG 
acquisition as more fully described below and in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. 
– Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Certain health policies sold to individuals prior to 2014 (the first year 
plans compliant with the Health Care Reform Law were effective) are accounted for as long-duration as more fully 
described below.  Benefits expense associated with future policy benefits payable in 2015 primarily reflects the release 
of reserves as individual commercial medical members transitioned to plans compliant with the Health Care Reform 
Law.

Future policy benefits payable of $2.9 billion and $2.8 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, 
represent liabilities for long-duration insurance policies including long-term care insurance, life insurance, annuities, 
and certain health and other supplemental policies sold to individuals for which some of the premium received in the 
earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. At policy issuance, these reserves are 
recognized on a net level premium method based on premium rate increase, interest rate, mortality, morbidity, persistency 
(the percentage of policies remaining in-force), and maintenance expense assumptions. Interest rates are based on our 
expected net investment returns on the investment portfolio supporting the reserves for these blocks of business. 
Mortality, a measure of expected death, and morbidity, a measure of health status, assumptions are based on published 
actuarial tables, modified based upon actual experience. The assumptions used to determine the liability for future 
policy benefits are established and locked in at the time each contract is issued and only change if our expected future 
experience deteriorates to the point that the level of the liability, together with the present value of future gross premiums, 
are not adequate to provide for future expected policy benefits and maintenance costs (i.e. the loss recognition date). 
Because these policies have long-term claim payout periods, there is a greater risk of significant variability in claims 
costs, either positive or negative. We perform loss recognition tests at least annually in the fourth quarter, and more 
frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the level of the liability, together with the present 
value of future gross premiums, may not be adequate to provide for future expected policy benefits and maintenance 
costs.

Future policy benefits payable include $2.3 billion at December 31, 2017 and  $2.2 billion at December 31, 2016
associated with a non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance policies acquired in connection with the 2007 
acquisition of KMG. Approximately 29,800 policies remain in force as of December 31, 2017. No new policies have 
been written since 2005 under this closed block. Future policy benefits payable includes amounts charged to accumulated 
other comprehensive income for an additional liability that would exist on our closed-block of long-term care insurance 
policies if unrealized gains on the sale of the investments backing such products had been realized and the proceeds 
reinvested at then current yields. There was a $168 million additional liability at December 31, 2017 and $77 million
additional liability at December 31, 2016. Amounts charged to accumulated other comprehensive income are net of 
applicable deferred taxes.

72

Long-term care insurance policies provide nursing home and home health coverage for which premiums are 
collected many years in advance of benefits paid, if any. Therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge many 
years after assumptions have been established. The risk of a deviation of the actual interest, morbidity, mortality, and 
maintenance expense assumptions from those assumed in our reserves are particularly significant to our closed block 
of long-term care insurance policies. A prolonged period during which interest rates remain at levels lower than those 
anticipated in our reserving would result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting our obligation under 
long term care policies because the long duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting 
investment  assets.  Further,  we  monitor  the  loss  experience  of  these  long-term  care  insurance  policies  and,  when 
necessary, apply for premium rate increases through a regulatory filing and approval process in the jurisdictions in 
which such products were sold. To the extent premium rate increases, interest rates, and/or loss experience vary from 
our loss recognition date assumptions, future material adjustments to reserves could be required.

During 2016, we recorded a loss for a premium deficiency. The premium deficiency was based on current and 
anticipated experience that had deteriorated from our locked-in assumptions from the previous December 31, 2013 loss 
recognition date, particularly as they related to emerging experience indicating longer claims duration, a prolonged 
lower interest rate environment, and an increase in policyholder life expectancies. Based on this deterioration, we 
determined that our existing future policy benefits payable, together with the present value of future gross premiums, 
associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies were not adequate to provide for future policy 
benefits and maintenance costs under these policies; therefore we unlocked and modified our assumptions based on 
current  expectations. Accordingly,  during  2016  we  recorded  $505  million  of  additional  benefits  expense,  with  a 
corresponding  increase  in  future  policy  benefits  payable  of  $659  million  partially  offset  by  a  related  reinsurance 
recoverable of $154 million included in other long-term assets. 

For our closed block of long-term care policies, actuarial assumptions used to estimate reserves are inherently 
 
uncertain due to the potential changes in trends in mortality, morbidity, persistency and interest rates as well as premium 
rate increases. As a result, our long term care reserves may be subject to material increases if these trends develop 
adversely to our expectations. The estimated increase in reserves and additional benefit expense from hypothetically 
modeling  adverse  variations  in  our  actuarial  assumptions,  in  the  aggregate,  could  be  up  to  $250  million,  net  of 
reinsurance. Although such hypothetical revisions are not currently appropriate, we believe they could occur based on 
past variances in experience and our expectation of the ranges of future experience that could reasonably occur, and 
any such revision could be material. Generally accepted accounting principles do not allow us to unlock our assumptions 
for favorable items. 

In addition, future policy benefits payable includes amounts of $199 million at December 31, 2017, $201 million
at December 31, 2016, and $205 million at December 31, 2015 which are subject to 100% coinsurance agreements as 
more fully described in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data, and as such are offset by a related reinsurance recoverable included in other long-term assets.

Revenue Recognition

We generally establish one-year commercial membership contracts with employer groups, subject to cancellation 
by the employer group on 30-day written notice. Our Medicare contracts with CMS renew annually. Our military 
services contracts with the federal government and our contracts with various state Medicaid programs generally are 
multi-year contracts subject to annual renewal provisions.

Our commercial contracts establish rates on a per employee basis for each month of coverage based on the type 
of coverage purchased (single to family coverage options). Our Medicare and Medicaid contracts also establish monthly 
rates per member. However, our Medicare contracts also have additional provisions as outlined in the following separate 
section.

Premiums revenue and administrative services only, or ASO, fees are estimated by multiplying the membership 
covered under the various contracts by the contractual rates. In addition, we adjust revenues for estimated changes in 
an employer’s enrollment and individuals that ultimately may fail to pay, and for estimated rebates under the minimum 
benefit ratios required under the Health Care Reform Law. Enrollment changes not yet processed or not yet reported 
by an employer group or the government, also known as retroactive membership adjustments, are estimated based on 

73

available data and historical trends. We routinely monitor the collectibility of specific accounts, the aging of receivables, 
historical retroactivity trends, estimated rebates, as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, and reflect 
any required adjustments in the current period’s revenue.

We bill and collect premium from employer groups and members in our Medicare and other individual products 
monthly. We receive monthly premiums from the federal government and various states according to government 
specified payment rates and various contractual terms. Changes in revenues from for our Medicare and commercial 
medical products resulting from the periodic changes in risk-adjustment scores derived from medical diagnoses for our 
membership are recognized when the amounts become determinable and the collectibility is reasonably assured.

Medicare Risk-Adjustment Provisions

CMS utilizes a risk-adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans 
according to health severity. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget 
Act of 1997(BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more for enrollees 
with predictably higher costs. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect and submit the 
necessary diagnosis code information from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, and physician providers to CMS 
within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses this diagnosis data to calculate the risk-adjusted 
premium payment to MA plans. Rates paid to MA plans are established under an actuarial bid model, including a process 
that bases our payments on a comparison of our beneficiaries’ risk scores, derived from medical diagnoses, to those 
enrolled in the government’s Medicare FFS program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in 
our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to 
CMS as the basis for our payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on 
providers to appropriately document all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. CMS is 
phasing-in the process of calculating risk scores using diagnoses data from the Risk Adjustment Processing System, 
or RAPS, to diagnoses data from the Encounter Data System, or EDS. The RAPS process requires MA plans to apply 
a filter logic based on CMS guidelines and only submit claims that satisfy those guidelines. For submissions through 
EDS, CMS requires MA plans to submit all the encounter data and CMS will apply the risk adjustment filtering logic 
to determine the risk scores. For 2016, 10% of the risk score was calculated from claims data submitted through EDS, 
increasing to 25% of the risk score calculated from claims data through EDS for 2017. In April 2017, CMS revised the 
pace of the phase-in. For 2018, 15% of the risk score will be calculated from claims data submitted through EDS. The 
phase-in from RAPS to EDS could result in different risk scores from each dataset as a result of plan processing issues, 
CMS processing issues, or filtering logic differences between RAPS and EDS, and could have a material adverse effect 
on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We estimate risk-adjustment revenues based on medical 
diagnoses for our membership. The risk-adjustment model, including CMS changes to the submission process, is more 
fully described in Item 1. – Business under the section titled “Individual Medicare.”

      

74

 Investment Securities

Investment securities totaled $12.3 billion, or 45% of total assets at December 31, 2017, and $9.8 billion, or 39%
of total assets at December 31, 2016. Debt securities, detailed below, comprised this entire investment portfolio at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The fair value of debt securities were as follows at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

December 31,

2017

Percentage

of Total

December 31,

2016

Percentage

of Total

 
U.S. Treasury and other U.S.
government corporations and agencies:

U.S. Treasury and agency obligations
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

$

$

531
1,610
3,889

26
456
408
5,382
12,302

(dollars in millions)

4.3% $
13.1%
31.6%

0.2%
3.7%
3.3%
43.8%
100.0% $

786
1,637
3,305

9
304
160
3,597
9,798

8.0%
16.7%
33.7%

0.1%
3.1%
1.7%
36.7%
100.0%

Approximately 98% of our debt securities were investment-grade quality, with a weighted average credit rating 
of AA by S&P at December 31, 2017. Most of the debt securities that were below investment-grade were rated BB, the 
higher end of the below investment-grade rating scale. Our investment policy limits investments in a single issuer and 
requires diversification among various asset types.

Tax-exempt municipal securities included pre-refunded bonds of $222 million at December 31, 2017 and $276 
million at December 31, 2016. These pre-refunded bonds were secured by an escrow fund consisting of U.S. government 
obligations sufficient to pay off all amounts outstanding at maturity. The ratings of these pre-refunded bonds generally 
assume the rating of the government obligations at the time the fund is established. Tax-exempt municipal securities 
that were not pre-refunded were diversified among general obligation bonds of U.S. states and local municipalities as 
well as special revenue bonds. General obligation bonds, which are backed by the taxing power and full faith of the 
issuer, accounted for $1.8 billion of these municipals in the portfolio. Special revenue bonds, issued by a municipality 
to finance a specific public works project such as utilities, water and sewer, transportation, or education, and supported 
by the revenues of that project, accounted for $1.9 billion of these municipals. Our general obligation bonds are 
diversified across the U.S. with no individual state exceeding 9%. In addition, certain monoline insurers guarantee the 
timely repayment of bond principal and interest when a bond issuer defaults and generally provide credit enhancement 
for bond issues related to our tax-exempt municipal securities. We have no direct exposure to these monoline insurers. 
We  owned  $94  million  and  $132  million  at  December 31,  2017  and  2016,  respectively,  of  tax-exempt  securities 
guaranteed by monoline insurers. The equivalent weighted average S&P credit rating of these tax-exempt securities 
without the guarantee from the monoline insurer was AA.

Our direct exposure to subprime mortgage lending is limited to investment in residential mortgage-backed securities 
and asset-backed securities backed by home equity loans. The fair value of securities backed by Alt-A and subprime 
loans was less than $1 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31,  2016. There are no collateralized debt obligations 
or structured investment vehicles in our investment portfolio. The percentage of corporate securities associated with 
the financial services industry was 30% at December 31, 2017 and 23% at December 31, 2016.

75

Gross unrealized losses and fair values aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual 

securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position were as follows at December 31, 2017:

 

 
 
December 31, 2017
U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government
    corporations and agencies:
U.S. Treasury and agency
obligations
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

Less than 12 months
Gross

Fair
Value

Unrealized

Losses

12 months or more
Gross

Fair
Value

Unrealized

Losses

Total

Fair
Value

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

(in millions)

$

$

273
581
1,590

20
131
107
1,297
3,999

$

$

(1) $
(2)
(16)

—
(1)
—
(10)
(30) $

130
672
661

3
28
10
804
2,308

$

$

(1) $
(17)
(12)

—
(1)
—
(27)
(58) $

403
1,253
2,251

23
159
117
2,101
6,307

$

$

(2)
(19)
(28)

—
(2)
—
(37)
(88)

Under the other-than-temporary impairment model for debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in 
income in an amount equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value when we have the 
intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery 
of our amortized cost basis. However, if we do not intend to sell the debt security, we evaluate the expected cash flows 
to be received as compared to amortized cost and determine if a credit loss has occurred. In the event of a credit loss, 
only the amount of the impairment associated with the credit loss is recognized currently in income with the remainder 
of the loss recognized in other comprehensive income.

When we do not intend to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential other-than-temporary impairment 
is considered using a variety of factors, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less 
than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or 
underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security by the 
rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance sheet 
date. For debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. For example, with 
respect to mortgage and asset-backed securities, such data includes underlying loan level data and structural features 
such as seniority and other forms of credit enhancements. A decline in fair value is considered other-than-temporary 
when we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. We estimate the amount of the credit 
loss component of a debt security as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of the expected 
cash flows of the security. The present value is determined using the best estimate of future cash flows discounted at 
the implicit interest rate at the date of purchase. The risks inherent in assessing the impairment of an investment include 
the risk that market factors may differ from our expectations, facts and circumstances factored into our assessment may 
change with the passage of time, or we may decide to subsequently sell the investment. The determination of whether 
a decline in the value of an investment is other than temporary requires us to exercise significant diligence and judgment. 
The discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. The status of the 
general economic environment and significant changes in the national securities markets influence the determination 
of fair value and the assessment of investment impairment. There is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may 
occur and additional material realized losses from sales or other-than-temporary impairments may be recorded in future 
periods.

76

The recoverability of our non-agency residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities is supported by 
factors  such  as  seniority,  underlying  collateral  characteristics  and  credit  enhancements.  These  residential  and 
commercial mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 2017 primarily were composed of senior tranches having high 
credit support, with over 99% of the collateral consisting of prime loans. The weighted average credit rating of all 
commercial mortgage-backed securities was AA+ at December 31, 2017.

All issuers of securities we own that were trading at an unrealized loss at December 31, 2017 remain current on 
all contractual payments. After taking into account these and other factors previously described, we believe these 
unrealized losses primarily were caused by an increase in market interest rates in the current markets than when the 
securities were purchased. At December 31, 2017, we did not intend to sell the securities with an unrealized loss position 
in accumulated other comprehensive income, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell these securities before 
recovery of their amortized cost basis. As a result, we believe that the securities with an unrealized loss were not other-
than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2017. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments in 2017, 
2016, or 2015.

Goodwill and Long-lived Assets
At December 31, 2017, goodwill and other long-lived assets represented 19% of total assets and 52% of total 

stockholders’ equity, compared to 20% and 47%, respectively, at December 31, 2016.

We are required to test at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit, and 
more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. A reporting unit 
either is our operating segments or one level below the operating segments, referred to as a component, which comprise 
our reportable segments. A component is considered a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which 
discrete financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by management. We are required to aggregate the 
components of an operating segment into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. Goodwill is 
assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from a specific acquisition. The carrying amount of goodwill 
for our reportable segments has been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the 2017 segment change discussed in Note 
2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

We use the one-step process to review goodwill for impairment to determine both the existence and amount of 
goodwill impairment, if any. Our strategy, long-range business plan, and annual planning process support our goodwill 
impairment tests. These tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter, and are based on an evaluation 
of future discounted cash flows. We rely on this discounted cash flow analysis to determine fair value. However outcomes 
from  the  discounted  cash  flow  analysis  are  compared  to  other  market  approach  valuation  methodologies  for 
reasonableness. We use discount rates that correspond to a market-based weighted-average cost of capital and terminal 
growth  rates  that  correspond  to  long-term  growth  prospects,  consistent  with  the  long-term  inflation  rate.  Key 
assumptions in our cash flow projections, including changes in membership, premium yields, medical and operating 
cost trends, and certain government contract extensions, are consistent with those utilized in our long-range business 
plan and annual planning process. If these assumptions differ from actual, including the impact of the Health Care 
Reform Law or changes in Government rates, the estimates underlying our goodwill impairment tests could be adversely 
affected. Goodwill impairment tests completed in each of the last three years did not result in an impairment loss. The 
fair value of our reporting units with significant goodwill exceeded carrying amounts by a substantial margin. A 100 
basis point increase in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on the amount of margin for any of our 
reporting units with significant goodwill, with the exception of our provider services reporting unit in our Healthcare 
Services segment. The provider services reporting unit, with $590 million of goodwill, would decline to less than 10% 
margin after factoring in a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate.

Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. These assets are 
depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life, and are subject to impairment reviews. We periodically review 
long-lived assets whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not 
be recoverable. In assessing recoverability, we must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other 
factors to determine if an impairment loss may exist, and, if so, estimate fair value. We also must estimate and make 
assumptions regarding the useful life we assign to our long-lived assets. If these estimates or their related assumptions 
change in the future, we may be required to record impairment losses or change the useful life, including accelerating 
depreciation or amortization for these assets. There were no material impairment losses in the last three years.

77

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Our earnings and financial position are exposed to financial market risk, including those resulting from changes 

in interest rates.

The level of our pretax earnings is subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates and the resulting impact 
on investment income and interest expense. Prior to 2009, under interest rate swap agreements, we exchanged the fixed 
interest rate under all of our senior notes for a variable interest rate based on LIBOR using interest rate swap agreements. 
We terminated all of our interest rate swap agreements in 2008. We may re-enter into interest rate swap agreements in 
the future depending on market conditions and other factors. Amounts borrowed under the revolving credit portion of 
our $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement bear interest at either LIBOR plus a spread or the base rate plus 
a spread. There were no borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement at December 31, 2017 or December 31, 
2016.

Interest rate risk also represents a market risk factor affecting our consolidated financial position due to our 
significant investment portfolio, consisting primarily of fixed maturity securities of investment-grade quality with a 
weighted average S&P credit rating of AA at December 31, 2017. Our net unrealized position increased $226 million
from a net unrealized loss position of $28 million at December 31, 2016 to a net unrealized gain position of $198 million
at December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2017, we had gross unrealized losses of $88 million on our investment portfolio 
primarily due to an increase in market interest rates since the time the securities were purchased.  There were no material 
other-than-temporary impairments during 2017. While we believe that these impairments are temporary and we currently 
do not have the intent to sell such securities, given the current market conditions and the significant judgments involved, 
there is a continuing risk that future declines in fair value may occur and material realized losses from sales or other-
than-temporary impairments may be recorded in future periods.

Duration is the time-weighted average of the present value of the bond portfolio’s cash flow. Duration is indicative 
of the relationship between changes in fair value and changes in interest rates, providing a general indication of the 
sensitivity of the fair values of our fixed maturity securities to changes in interest rates. However, actual fair values 
may differ significantly from estimates based on duration. The average duration of our investment portfolio, including 
cash and cash equivalents, was approximately 4.1 years as of December 31, 2017 and 4.4 years as of December 31, 
2016. Based on the duration including cash equivalents, a 1% increase in interest rates would generally decrease the 
fair value of our securities by approximately $697 million.

We have also evaluated the impact on our investment income and interest expense resulting from a hypothetical 
change in interest rates of 100, 200, and 300 basis points over the next twelve-month period, as reflected in the following 
table. The evaluation was based on our investment portfolio and our outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2017
and 2016. Our investment portfolio consists of cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities. The modeling technique 
used  to  calculate  the  pro  forma  net  change  in  pretax  earnings  considered  the  cash  flows  related  to  fixed  income 
investments  and  debt,  which  are  subject  to  interest  rate  changes  during  a  prospective  twelve-month  period. This 
evaluation measures parallel shifts in interest rates and may not account for certain unpredictable events that may affect 
interest income, including unexpected changes of cash flows into and out of the portfolio, changes in the asset allocation, 
including shifts between taxable and tax-exempt securities, and spread changes specific to various investment categories. 
In the past ten years, changes in 3 month LIBOR rates during the year have exceeded 300 basis points once, have not 
changed between 200 and 300 basis points, have changed between 100 and 200 basis points once, and have changed 
by less than 100 basis points eight times.

78

 
 
 
As of December 31, 2017
Investment income (a)
Interest expense (b)

Pretax

As of December 31, 2016
Investment income (a)
Interest expense (b)

Pretax

Increase (decrease) in
pretax earnings given an
interest rate decrease of

X basis points

Increase (decrease) in
pretax earnings given an
interest rate increase of

X basis points

(300)

(200)

(100)

100

200

300

$

$

$

$

(87) $

2

(85) $

(49) $

3

(46) $

(83) $

2

(81) $

(44) $

3

(41) $

(in millions)

(67) $

2

(65) $

(36) $

3

(33) $

67
(2)
65

53
(2)
51

$

$

$

$

134
(3)
131

107
(5)
102

$

$

$

$

202
(5)
197

162
(9)
153

(a)  As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, some of our investments had interest rates below 3% so the assumed 

hypothetical change in pretax earnings does not reflect the full 3% point reduction.

(b)  The interest rate under our senior notes is fixed. There were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement 
at December 31, 2017 or December 31, 2016. There was $150 million outstanding under our commercial paper 
program at December 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2017, our interest rate under our commercial paper program 
was less than 2% so the assumed hypothetical change in pretax earnings does not reflect the full 2% point 
reduction. 

79

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Humana Inc.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

 
 

 

Current assets:

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents
Investment securities
Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts
    of $96 in 2017 and $118 in 2016
Other current assets

Total current assets
Property and equipment, net
Long-term investment securities
Goodwill
Other long-term assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Benefits payable
Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses
Book overdraft
Unearned revenues
Short-term borrowings

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt
Future policy benefits payable
Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16)
Stockholders’ equity:

Preferred stock, $1 par; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued
Common stock, $0.16 2/3 par; 300,000,000 shares authorized;
    198,572,458 shares issued at December 31, 2017 and 198,495,007
    shares issued at December 31, 2016
Capital in excess of par value
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
Treasury stock, at cost, 60,893,762 shares at December 31, 2017
    and 49,189,811 shares at December 31, 2016

December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions, except

share amounts)

$

$

$

$

4,042
9,557

$

$

854
2,949
17,402
1,584
2,745
3,281
2,166
27,178

4,668
4,069
141
378
150
9,406
4,770
2,923
237
17,336

—

33
2,445
13,670
19

(6,325)
9,842
27,178

3,877
7,595

1,280
3,438
16,190
1,505
2,203
3,272
2,226
25,396

4,563
2,467
212
280
300
7,822
3,792
2,834
263
14,711

—

33
2,562
11,454
(66)

(3,298)
10,685
25,396

Total stockholders’ equity
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

$
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

$

80

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

Humana Inc.

 
 
 
Revenues:

Premiums
Services
Investment income
Total revenues

Operating expenses:

Benefits
Operating costs
Merger termination fee and related costs, net
Depreciation and amortization
Total operating expenses

Income from operations
Gain on sale of business
Interest expense
Income before income taxes
Provision for income taxes

Net income

Basic earnings per common share

Diluted earnings per common share

For the year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

(in millions, except per share results)

$

$

$

$

$

52,380
982
405
53,767

43,496
6,567
(936)
378
49,505
4,262
—
242
4,020
1,572

2,448

16.94

16.81

$

$

$

$

53,021
969
389
54,379

45,007
7,173
104
354
52,638
1,741
—
189
1,552
938

614

4.11

4.07

$

$

$

52,409
1,406
474
54,289

44,269
7,295
23
355
51,942
2,347
270
186
2,431
1,155

1,276

8.54

8.44

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

81

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Humana Inc.

 
 
 
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss):

For the year ended December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

2,448

$

614

$

1,276

Change in gross unrealized investment gains/losses
Effect of income taxes

Total change in unrealized investment
    gains/losses, net of tax

Reclassification adjustment for net realized
     gains included in investment income
Effect of income taxes

Total reclassification adjustment, net of tax

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Comprehensive income

$

149
(55)

94

(14)
5
(9)
85
2,533

$

(101)
38

(63)

(96)
35
(61)
(124)
490

$

(114)
42

(72)

(146)
53
(93)
(165)
1,111

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

82

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Humana Inc.

Accumulated

Retained
Earnings

Capital In
Excess of
Par Value
(dollars in millions, share amounts in thousands)
$

Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

Other

2,330

223

$

$

$

9,916
1,276

(165)

Treasury

Stock

Total

Stockholders’

Equity

Common Stock

Issued
Shares

Amount

197,952

$

33

159
261

198,372

13
110

198,495

—
—

33

—
—

33

 

 
 
Balances, January 1, 2015
Net income
Other comprehensive loss
Common stock repurchases
Dividends and dividend
   equivalents
Stock-based compensation
Restricted stock unit vesting
Stock option exercises
Stock option and restricted
   stock tax benefit
Balances, December 31, 2015
Net income
Other comprehensive loss
Common stock repurchases
Dividends and dividend
   equivalents
Stock-based compensation
Restricted stock unit vesting
Stock option exercises
Stock option and restricted
   stock tax benefit
Balances, December 31, 2016
Net income
Other comprehensive income
Common stock repurchases
Dividends and dividend
   equivalents
Stock-based compensation
Restricted stock unit vesting
Stock option exercises
Balances, December 31, 2017

(175)

11,017
614

(177)

11,454
2,448

(232)

100

—
109
(49)
23

17
2,530

—

—
115
(98)
13

2
2,562

(200)

—
157
(138)
64
2,445

(2,856) $

(485)

49

58

(3,292)

(124)

(104)

98

(3,298)

(3,165)

138

(66)

85

9,646
1,276
(165)
(385)

(175)
109
—
23

17
10,346
614
(124)
(104)

(177)
115
—
13

2
10,685
2,448
85
(3,365)

(232)
157
—
64
9,842

—
77
198,572

$

—
—
33

$

$

13,670

$

19

$

(6,325) $

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

83

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Humana Inc.

Cash flows from operating activities

Net income
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
   provided by operating activities:

Gain on sale of business
Depreciation
Amortization
Stock-based compensation
Net realized capital gains
Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes
Provision for doubtful accounts
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of
   effect of businesses acquired and dispositions:

Receivables
Other assets
Benefits payable
Other liabilities
Unearned revenues

Other

    Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
Proceeds from sale of business
Purchases of property and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property and equipment
Purchases of investment securities
Maturities of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities

    Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities

Receipts (withdrawals) from contract deposits, net
Proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net
(Repayments) proceeds from issuance of commercial paper, net
Repayment of long-term debt
Common stock repurchases
Dividends paid
Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation
Change in book overdraft
Proceeds from stock option exercises and other, net

    Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Supplemental cash flow disclosures:

Interest payments
Income tax payments, net

Details of businesses acquired in purchase transactions:

Fair value of assets acquired, net of cash acquired
Less: Fair value of liabilities assumed
Cash paid for acquired businesses, net of cash acquired

For the year ended December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

2,448

$

614

$

1,276

—
410
75
157
(14)
132
20

406
(582)
105
641
98
155
4,051

(31)
—
(526)
2
(6,265)
1,111
2,768
(2,941)

1,823
1,779
(153)
(800)
(3,365)
(220)
—
(71)
62
(945)
165
3,877
4,042

216
1,498

31
—
31

$

$
$

$

$

—
388
77
115
(96)
(71)
39

(158)
426
(413)
937
(84)
162
1,936

(7)
—
(527)
—
(6,566)
1,426
4,312
(1,362)

1,093
—
(2)
—
(104)
(177)
—
(89)
11
732
1,306
2,571
3,877

185
916

7
—
7

$

$
$

$

$

(270)
354
93
109
(146)
(2)
61

(180)
(872)
501
(129)
3
70
868

(38)
1,061
(523)
1
(6,739)
1,065
5,493
320

(296)
—
298
—
(385)
(172)
15
(33)
21
(552)
636
1,935
2,571

187
1,179

38
—
38

$

$
$

$

$

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

84

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Humana Inc.

1. REPORTING ENTITY

Nature of Operations

Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is a leading health and well-being company committed to 
helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. Our successful history in care delivery 
and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and 
well being and lower costs. Our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare, families, 
individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. To accomplish that, we support physicians and other 
health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. Our 
range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools, such as in home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data 
analytics and wellness solutions, combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate 
and  more  effective.  References  throughout  these  notes  to  consolidated  financial  statements  to  “we,”  “us,”  “our,” 
“Company,” and “Humana,” mean Humana Inc. and its subsidiaries. We derived approximately 79% of our total 
premiums and services revenue from contracts with the federal government in 2017, including 15% related to our 
federal government contracts with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, to provide health insurance 
coverage for individual Medicare Advantage members in Florida. CMS is the federal government’s agency responsible 
for administering the Medicare program.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Humana Inc. 
and subsidiaries that the Company controls, including variable interest entities associated with medical practices for 
which we are the primary beneficiary. We do not own many of our medical practices but instead enter into exclusive 
management agreements with the affiliated Professional Associations, or P.A.s, that operate these medical practices. 
Based upon the provisions of these agreements, these affiliated P.A.s are variable interest entities and we are the primary 
beneficiary, and accordingly we consolidated the affiliated P.A.s. All significant intercompany balances and transactions 
have been eliminated.

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United 
States of America requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated 
financial statements and accompanying notes. The areas involving the most significant use of estimates are the estimation 
of benefits payable, future policy benefits payable, the impact of risk adjustment provisions related to our Medicare 
contracts, the valuation and related impairment recognition of investment securities, and the valuation and related 
impairment recognition of long-lived assets, including goodwill. These estimates are based on knowledge of current 
events  and  anticipated  future  events,  and  accordingly,  actual  results  may  ultimately  differ  materially  from  those 
estimates.

 Acquisition of a 40% Minority Interest in Kindred’s Homecare Business  

 On December 19, 2017, we announced that we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a 40% minority 
interest in the Kindred at Home Division (Kindred at Home) of Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (Kindred)(NYSE: KND), the 
nation’s  largest  home  health  provider  and  second  largest  hospice  operator,  for  estimated  cash  consideration  of 
approximately $800 million, including our share of transaction and related expenses, to facilitate a complete separation 
from the Long Term Acute Care and Rehabilitation businesses (the Specialty Hospital company). TPG Capital (TPG) 
and Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe (WCAS), two private equity funds, collectively, the Sponsors, along with us 
are jointly creating a consortium to purchase all of the outstanding and issued securities of Kindred Healthcare, Inc. 
Immediately following the closing of that transaction, Kindred at Home and the Specialty Hospital company will be 
separated, with the result being that the Specialty Hospital Company will be owned by the Sponsors and Kindred at 
Home will be owned by a joint venture owned by the Sponsors and us. We will own 40% of Kindred at Home, with 
the remaining 60% owned by a new entity owned by TPG and WCAS. 

85

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

At the closing of the transaction, we will enter a shareholders agreement with the Sponsors that will provide for 
certain rights and obligations of each party concerning the newly formed joint venture that will own Kindred at Home. 
The shareholders agreement with the Sponsors includes a put option under which they have the right to require us to 
purchase their interest in the joint venture starting at the end of year three and ending at the end of year four following 
the closing. Consideration upon exercise of the put option per the agreement would be valued at an exit multiple of 
10.5 times the preceding twelve months earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, or 
EBITDA, subject to certain adjustments. In addition, the multiple is subject to adjustment up to 11.5 times EBITDA 
based on the achievement of certain pre-defined value-based outcomes tied to clinical metrics. The 11.5 times EBITDA 
exit multiple is comparable to the valuation of our acquired interest in Kindred at Home. Finally, we have a call option 
under which we have the right to require the Sponsors to sell their interest in the joint venture to Humana beginning at 
the end of year four and ending at the end of year five following the closing for cash consideration using the same 
valuation methodology applicable to the previously discussed put option consideration. 

The above transactions, which are anticipated to close in the summer of 2018, are subject to customary state and 
federal regulatory approvals, including approval by the stockholders of Kindred and the expiration of the waiting period 
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended, as well as other customary closing 
conditions. We expect to fund the transaction through the use of parent company cash and will account for the minority 
investment under the equity method. The pending transaction did not have a material impact to earnings in 2017.  

Sale of Closed Block of Commercial Long-Term Care Insurance Business 

On November 6, 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
KMG America Corporation, or KMG, to Continental General Insurance Company, or CGIC, a Texas-based insurance 
company wholly owned by HC2 Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company. KMG’s subsidiary, Kanawha Insurance 
Company, or KIC, includes our closed block of non-strategic commercial long-term care insurance policies. Based on 
the terms of the definitive agreement we expect to record a net loss associated with the sale of KMG of approximately
$365 million. The estimated loss includes a pretax loss of approximately $780 million, offset by the expected tax benefit 
of approximately $415 million. We will fund the transaction with approximately $203 million of parent company cash 
contributed into KMG, subject to customary adjustments, in addition to the transfer of approximately $150 million of 
statutory capital with the sale, which together should be more than offset by the estimated $415 million cash savings 
associated with the expected tax treatment of the sale. The KMG transaction is anticipated to close by the third quarter 
of 2018 subject to customary closing conditions, including South Carolina Department of Insurance approval. There 
can be no assurance we will obtain regulatory approvals needed to sell the business or do so under terms acceptable to 
us. 

Workforce Optimization 

During 2017, we initiated a voluntary early retirement program and an involuntary workforce reduction program. 
These programs impacted approximately 3,600 associates, or 7.8% of our workforce. As a result, we recorded charges 
of $148 million, or $0.64 per diluted common share. These charges are included with operating costs in the consolidated 
statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2017 and are included at the corporate level in the segment 
financial information in Note 17. Payments under these programs are made upon termination during the early retirement 
or severance pay period, beginning in the first quarter of 2018. We expect this liability to be primarily paid within the 
next 12 months and classified it as a current liability, included in our consolidated balance sheet in the trade accounts 
payable and accrued expenses line.  

Aetna Merger

On July 2, 2015, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, which we refer to in this report as the Merger 
Agreement, with Aetna Inc. and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Aetna Inc., which we refer to collectively as 
Aetna, which sets forth the terms and conditions under which we agreed to merge with, and become a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Aetna, a transaction we refer to in this report as the Merger. 

The Merger was subject to customary closing conditions, including, among other things, (i) the expiration or 
termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as 

86

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

amended, and the receipt of necessary approvals under state insurance and healthcare laws and regulations and pursuant 
to certain licenses of certain of Humana’s subsidiaries, and (ii) the absence of legal restraints and prohibitions on the 
consummation of the Merger.

 On December 22, 2016, in order to extend the “End Date” (as defined in the Merger Agreement), Aetna and 
Humana each agreed to waive until 11:59 p.m. (Eastern time) on February 15, 2017 its right to terminate the Merger 
Agreement due to a failure of the Mergers to have been completed on or before December 31, 2016. 

On July 21, 2016, the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, and the attorneys general of certain U.S. jurisdictions 
filed a civil antitrust complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against us and Aetna, alleging 
that the Merger would violate Section 7 of the Clayton Antitrust Act and seeking a permanent injunction to prevent the 
Merger from being completed. On January 23, 2017, the Court ruled in favor of the DOJ and granted a permanent 
injunction of the proposed transaction. On February 14, 2017, we and Aetna agreed to mutually terminate the Merger 
Agreement, as our Board determined that an appeal of the Court's ruling would not be in the best interest of our 
stockholders. On February 16, 2017, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we received a breakup fee of $1 billion
from Aetna, which is included in our consolidated statement of income in the line captioned Merger termination fee 
and related costs, net. Prior period Merger related transaction costs, previously included in operating costs, have been 
reclassified to conform to the 2017 presentation. 

Business Segment Reclassifications

During the first quarter of 2017, we realigned certain of our businesses among our reportable segments to correspond 
with internal management reporting changes corresponding to those used by our chief operating decision maker to 
evaluate results of operations and our previously announced planned exit from the Individual Commercial medical 
business on January 1, 2018. Additionally, we renamed our Group segment to the Group and Specialty segment, and 
began presenting the Individual Commercial business results as a separate segment rather than as part of the Retail 
segment.  Specialty  health  insurance  benefits,  including  dental,  vision,  other  supplemental  health,  and  financial 
protection products, marketed to individuals are now included in the Group and Specialty segment. Specialty health 
insurance benefits marketed to employer groups continue to be included in the Group and Specialty segment. As a 
result of this realignment, our reportable segments now include Retail, Group and Specialty, Healthcare Services, and 
Individual Commercial. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2017 presentation.
See Note 17 for recast segment financial information. 

Health Care Reform

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 
(which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law) enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the 
U.S. health insurance industry. Certain of these reforms became effective January 1, 2014, including an annual insurance 
industry premium-based fee and the establishment of federally-facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with three 
premium stabilization programs, as described more fully below.

The Health Care Reform Law imposes an annual premium-based fee on health insurers for each calendar year 
beginning on or after January 1, 2014 which is not deductible for tax purposes. We are required to estimate a liability 
for the health insurer fee and record it in full once qualifying insurance coverage is provided in the applicable calendar 
year in which the fee is payable with a corresponding deferred cost that is amortized ratably to expense over the same 
calendar year. We record the liability for the health insurer fee in trade accounts payable and accrued expenses and 
record the deferred cost in other current assets in our consolidated financial statements. We pay the health insurer fee 
in September of each year. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, enacted on December 18, 2015, included a 
one-time one year suspension in 2017 of the health insurer fee.  The Continuing Resolution bill, H.R. 195, enacted on 
January 22, 2018, included a one year suspension in 2019 of the health insurer fee, but the fee is scheduled to resume 
in calendar year 2020.  See Note 7 for detail regarding amounts paid for the annual health insurer fee.

The Health Care Reform Law also established risk spreading premium stabilization programs effective January 1, 
2014, with an annual open enrollment period. The risk spreading programs are applicable to certain of our commercial 
medical insurance products. In the aggregate, our commercial medical insurance products represented approximately 

87

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

13% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017, a subset of which is subject 
to these programs. These programs, commonly referred to as the 3Rs, include a permanent risk adjustment program, 
a transitional reinsurance program, and a temporary risk corridors program designed to more evenly spread the financial 
risk borne by issuers and to mitigate the risk that issuers would have mispriced products. The transitional reinsurance 
and temporary risk corridors programs were only applicable for years 2014 through 2016. Policies issued prior to 
March 23, 2010 are considered grandfathered policies and are exempt from the 3Rs. Certain states have allowed non-
grandfathered policies issued prior to January 1, 2014 to extend the date of required transition to policies compliant 
with the Health Care Reform Law to as late as 2017. Accordingly, such policies are exempt from the 3Rs until they 
transition to policies compliant with the Health Care Reform Law.

The permanent risk adjustment program adjusts the premiums that commercial individual and small group health 
insurance issuers receive based on the demographic factors and health status of each member as derived from current 
year medical diagnosis as reported throughout the year. This program transfers funds from lower risk plans to higher 
risk plans within similar plans in the same state. The risk adjustment program is applicable to commercial individual 
and small group health plans (except certain exempt and grandfathered plans as discussed above) operating both inside 
and outside of the health insurance exchanges established under the Health Care Reform Law. Effective January 1, 
2018, we have exited our Individual Commercial medical business. Under the risk adjustment program, a risk score is 
assigned to each covered member to determine an average risk score at the individual and small group level by legal 
entity in a particular market in a state. Additionally, an average risk score is determined for the entire subject population 
for each market in each state. Settlements are determined on a net basis by legal entity and state. Each health insurance 
issuer’s average risk score is compared to the state’s average risk score. Plans with an average risk score below the 
state average will pay into a pool and health insurance issuers with an average risk score that is greater than the state 
average risk score will receive money from that pool. We generally rely on providers, including certain network providers 
who are our employees, to appropriately document all medical data, including the diagnosis codes submitted with 
claims, as the basis for our risk scores under the program. Our estimate of amounts receivable and/or payable under 
the risk adjustment program is based on our estimate of both our own and the state average risk scores. Assumptions 
used in these estimates include but are not limited to published third party studies and other publicly available data 
including regulatory plan filings, geographic considerations including our historical experience in markets we have 
participated in over a long period of time, member demographics (including age and gender for our members and other 
health insurance issuers), our pricing model, sales data for each metal tier (different metal tiers yield different risk 
scores), and the mix of previously underwritten membership as compared to new members in plans compliant with the 
Health Care Reform Law. We refine our estimates as new information becomes available, including additional data 
released by the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, regarding estimates of state average risk scores. 
Risk adjustment is subject to audit by HHS beginning with the 2015 coverage year, however, there were no payments 
associated with these audits for 2015 or 2016, the pilot years for the audits.

The temporary risk corridor program applied to individual and small group Qualified Health Plans (or substantially 
equivalent plans), or QHPs, as defined by HHS, operating both inside and outside of the exchanges. Accordingly, plans 
subject to risk adjustment that are not QHPs, including our small group health plans, were not subject to the risk corridor 
program. The risk corridor provisions were intended to limit issuer gains and losses by comparing allowable medical 
costs to a target amount, each defined/prescribed by HHS, and sharing the risk for allowable costs with the federal 
government. Allowable medical costs are adjusted for risk adjustment settlements, transitional reinsurance recoveries, 
and cost sharing reductions received from HHS. Variances from the target exceeding certain thresholds may result in 
HHS making additional payments to us or require us to refund HHS a portion of the premiums we received.

We estimate and recognize adjustments to premiums revenue for the risk adjustment and risk corridor provisions 
by projecting our ultimate premium for the calendar year separately for individual and group plans by state and legal 
entity. Estimated calendar year settlement amounts are recognized ratably during the year and are revised each period 
to reflect current experience, including changes in risk scores derived from medical diagnoses submitted by providers. 
We record receivables or payables at the individual or group level within each state and legal entity and classify the 
amounts as current or long-term in our consolidated balance sheets based on the timing of expected settlement. On 
November 10, 2016, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims ruled in favor of the government in one of a series of cases filed 
by insurers, unrelated to us, against HHS to collect risk corridor payments, rejecting all of the insurer’s statutory, contract 
and Constitutional claims for payment. On November 18, 2016, HHS issued a memorandum indicating a significant 

88

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

funding shortfall for the 2015 coverage year, the second consecutive year of significant shortfalls. Given the successful 
challenge of the risk corridor provisions in court, Congressional inquiries into the funding of the risk corridor program, 
and significant funding shortfalls under the first two years of the program, during the fourth quarter of 2016 we wrote-
off $583 million in risk corridor receivables outstanding as of September 30, 2016, and ceased recognizing revenues 
under the risk corridor program as discussed further in Note 7. 

The transitional reinsurance program required us to make reinsurance contributions for calendar years 2014 through 
2016 to a state or HHS established reinsurance entity based on a national contribution rate per covered member as 
determined  by  HHS.  While  all  commercial  medical  plans,  including  self-funded  plans,  are  required  to  fund  the 
reinsurance entity, only fully-insured non-grandfathered plans compliant with the Health Care Reform Law in the 
individual commercial market were eligible for recoveries if individual claims exceed a specified threshold. Accordingly, 
we accounted for transitional reinsurance contributions associated with all commercial medical health plans other than 
these non-grandfathered individual plans as an assessment in operating costs in our consolidated statements of income. 
We accounted for contributions made by individual commercial plans compliant with the Health Care Reform Law, 
which were subject to recoveries, as ceded premiums (a reduction of premiums) and similarly we accounted for any 
recoveries as ceded benefits (a reduction of benefits expense) in our consolidated statements of income. 

See Note 7 for detail regarding amounts recorded to the consolidated balance sheets related to the 3Rs.

In addition to the provisions discussed above, beginning in 2014, HHS paid us a portion of the health care costs 
for low-income individual members for which we assume no risk in accordance with the Health Care Reform Law. 
These cost subsidy payments ceased effective October 2017. We accounted for these subsidies as a deposit in our 
consolidated balance sheets and as a financing activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows. We did not recognize 
premiums revenue or benefits expense for these subsidies. Receipt and payment activity was accumulated at the state 
and legal entity level and recorded in our consolidated balance sheet in other current assets or trade accounts payable 
and accrued expenses depending on the state and legal entity balance at the end of the reporting period. We will be 
notified of final settlement amounts by June 30 of the year following the coverage year. For 2017, payments to HHS 
associated with cost sharing subsidies for which we did not assume risk were approximately $76 million, exceeding 
receipts of $32 million by $44 million. For 2016, payments to HHS associated with cost sharing subsidies for which 
we did not assume risk were approximately $373 million, exceeding receipts of $345 million by $28 million. For 2015, 
receipts from HHS associated with cost sharing subsidies for which we did not assume risk were approximately $478 
million, exceeding payments of $409 million by $69 million. 

  Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash, time deposits, money market funds, commercial paper, other money market 
instruments, and certain U.S. Government securities with an original maturity of three months or less. Carrying value 
approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity of the investments.

Investment Securities

Investment securities, which consist entirely of debt securities, have been categorized as available for sale and, as 
a result, are stated at fair value. Investment securities available for current operations are classified as current assets. 
Investment securities available for our long-term insurance products and professional liability funding requirements, 
as well as restricted statutory deposits, are classified as long-term assets. For the purpose of determining gross realized 
gains and losses, which are included as a component of investment income in the consolidated statements of income, 
the cost of investment securities sold is based upon specific identification. Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of 
applicable deferred taxes, are included as a component of stockholders’ equity and comprehensive income until realized 
from a sale or other-than-temporary impairment.

Under the other-than-temporary impairment model for debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in 
income in an amount equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value when we have the 
intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery 
of our amortized cost basis. However, if we do not intend to sell the debt security, we evaluate the expected cash flows 
to be received as compared to amortized cost and determine if a credit loss has occurred. In the event of a credit loss, 

89

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

only the amount of the impairment associated with the credit loss is recognized currently in income with the remainder 
of the loss recognized in other comprehensive income.

When we do not intend to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential other-than-temporary impairment 
is considered using a variety of factors, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less 
than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or 
underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security by the 
rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance sheet 
date. For debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. For example, with 
respect to mortgage and asset-backed securities, such data includes underlying loan level data and structural features 
such as seniority and other forms of credit enhancements. A decline in fair value is considered other-than-temporary 
when we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. We estimate the amount of the credit 
loss component of a debt security as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of the expected 
cash flows of the security. The present value is determined using the best estimate of future cash flows discounted at 
the implicit interest rate at the date of purchase.

Receivables and Revenue Recognition

We generally establish one-year commercial membership contracts with employer groups, subject to cancellation 
by the employer group on 30-day written notice. Our Medicare contracts with CMS renew annually. Our military 
services contracts with the federal government and our contracts with various state Medicaid programs generally are 
multi-year contracts subject to annual renewal provisions. Individual polices are subject to the requirements of the 
Health Care Reform Law as discussed previously.

Premiums Revenue

We bill and collect premium from employer groups and members in our Medicare and other individual products 
monthly. We receive monthly premiums from the federal government and various states according to government 
specified payment rates and various contractual terms. Changes in revenues for our Medicare and individual commercial 
medical products resulting from the periodic changes in risk-adjustment scores derived from medical diagnoses for our 
membership and changes in risk corridor estimates are recognized when the amounts become determinable and the 
collectibility is reasonably assured.

Premiums  revenue  is  estimated  by  multiplying  the  membership  covered  under  the  various  contracts  by  the 
contractual rates. Premiums revenue is recognized as income in the period members are entitled to receive services, 
and is net of estimated uncollectible amounts, retroactive membership adjustments, and adjustments to recognize rebates 
under the minimum benefit ratios required under the Health Care Reform Law. We estimate policyholder rebates by 
projecting calendar year minimum benefit ratios for the individual, small group, and large group markets, as defined 
by the Health Care Reform Law using a methodology prescribed by HHS, separately by state and legal entity. Medicare 
Advantage  products  are  also  subject  to  minimum  benefit  ratio  requirements  under  the  Health  Care  Reform  Law. 
Estimated calendar year rebates recognized ratably during the year are revised each period to reflect current experience. 
Retroactive membership adjustments result from enrollment changes not yet processed, or not yet reported by an 
employer group or the government. We routinely monitor the collectibility of specific accounts, the aging of receivables, 
historical retroactivity trends, estimated rebates, as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, and reflect 
any required adjustments in current operations. Premiums received prior to the service period are recorded as unearned 
revenues.

90

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Medicare Part D

We cover prescription drug benefits in accordance with Medicare Part D under multiple contracts with CMS. The 
payments we receive monthly from CMS and members, which are determined from our annual bid, represent amounts 
for providing prescription drug insurance coverage. We recognize premiums revenue for providing this insurance 
coverage ratably over the term of our annual contract. Our CMS payment is subject to risk sharing through the Medicare 
Part D risk corridor provisions. In addition, receipts for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as receipts 
for certain discounts on brand name prescription drugs in the coverage gap represent payments for prescription drug 
costs for which we are not at risk.

The risk corridor provisions compare costs targeted in our bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual 
costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by CMS. Variances exceeding certain 
thresholds may result in CMS making additional payments to us or require us to refund to CMS a portion of the premiums 
we received. As risk corridor provisions are considered in our overall annual bid process, we estimate and recognize 
an adjustment to premiums revenue related to these provisions based upon pharmacy claims experience. We record a 
receivable or payable at the contract level and classify the amount as current or long-term in our consolidated balance 
sheets based on the timing of expected settlement.

Reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent funding from CMS in connection with the Medicare Part D 
program for which we assume no risk. Reinsurance subsidies represent funding from CMS for its portion of prescription 
drug costs which exceed the member’s out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. Low-income cost 
subsidies represent funding from CMS for all or a portion of the deductible, the coinsurance and co-payment amounts 
above  the  out-of-pocket  threshold  for  low-income  beneficiaries.  Monthly  prospective  payments  from  CMS  for 
reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. A reconciliation 
and related settlement of CMS’s prospective subsidies against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the 
end of the year. The Health Care Reform Law mandates consumer discounts of 50% on brand name prescription drugs 
for Part D plan participants in the coverage gap. These discounts are funded by CMS and pharmaceutical manufacturers 
while we administer the application of these funds. We account for these subsidies and discounts as a deposit in our 
consolidated balance sheets and as a financing activity under receipts (withdrawals) from contract deposits in our 
consolidated statements of cash flows. For 2017, subsidy and discount reimbursements of $12.1 billion exceeded 
payments of $10.2 billion by $1.9 billion. For 2016, subsidy and discount reimbursements of $11.1 billion exceeded 
payments  of  $10.0  billion  by  $1.1  billion.  For  2015,  subsidy  and  discount  payments  of  $8.9  billion  exceeded 
reimbursements of $8.6 billion by $361 million. We do not recognize premiums revenue or benefit expenses for these 
subsidies or discounts. Receipt and payment activity is accumulated at the contract level and recorded in our consolidated 
balance sheets in other current assets or trade accounts payable and accrued expenses depending on the contract balance 
at the end of the reporting period.

Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a 
reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. Settlement with CMS for brand name 
prescription drug discounts is based on a reconciliation made approximately 14 to 18 months after the close of each 
calendar year. We continue to revise our estimates with respect to the risk corridor provisions based on subsequent 
period pharmacy claims data. See Note 6 for detail regarding amounts recorded to our consolidated balance sheets 
related to the risk corridor settlement and subsidies from CMS with respect to the Medicare Part D program.

Services Revenue

Patient services revenue 

Patient services include injury and illness care and related services as well as other healthcare services related to 
employer needs or as required by law. Patient services revenues are recognized in the period services are provided to 
the customer when the sales price is fixed or determinable, and are net of contractual allowances. 

91

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Administrative services fees 

Administrative services fees cover the processing of claims, offering access to our provider networks and clinical 
programs, and responding to customer service inquiries from members of self-funded groups. Revenues from providing 
administration services, also known as administrative services only, or ASO, are recognized in the period services are 
performed and are net of estimated uncollectible amounts. ASO fees are estimated by multiplying the membership 
covered under the various contracts by the contractual rates. Under ASO contracts, self-funded employers retain the 
risk of financing substantially all of the cost of health benefits. However, many ASO customers purchase stop loss 
insurance coverage from us to cover catastrophic claims or to limit aggregate annual costs. Accordingly, we have 
recorded premiums revenue and benefits expense related to these stop loss insurance contracts. We routinely monitor 
the collectibility of specific accounts, the aging of receivables, as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, 
and reflect any required adjustments in current operations. ASO fees received prior to the service period are recorded 
as unearned revenues.

 Under our TRICARE contracts with the Department of Defense we provide administrative services, including 
offering access to our provider networks and clinical programs, claim processing, customer service, enrollment, and 
other services, while the federal government retains all of the risk of the cost of health benefits. We account for revenues 
under our contracts net of estimated health care costs similar to an administrative services fee only agreement. Our 
contracts include fixed administrative services fees and incentive fees and penalties. Administrative services fees are 
recognized as services are performed. 

Our TRICARE members are served by both in-network and out-of-network providers in accordance with our 
contracts. We pay health care costs related to these services to the providers and are subsequently reimbursed by the 
DoD for such payments. We account for the payments of the federal government’s claims and the related reimbursements 
under deposit accounting in our consolidated balance sheets and as a financing activity under receipts (withdrawals) 
from contract deposits in our consolidated statements of cash flows. For 2017, health care cost reimbursements and 
payments were each approximately $3.4 billion, with reimbursements exceeding payments by $11 million for the year. 
For 2016, health care cost reimbursements and payments were each approximately $3.3 billion, with payments exceeding 
reimbursements by $25 million for the year. For 2015, health care cost reimbursements and payments were each 
approximately $3.3 billion with payments exceeding reimbursements by $4 million for the year. 

Receivables

Receivables, including premium receivables, patient services revenue receivables, and ASO fee receivables, are 
shown net of allowances for estimated uncollectible accounts, retroactive membership adjustments, and contractual 
allowances.

Other Current Assets

Other current assets includes amounts associated with Medicare Part D as discussed above and in Note 6, rebates 
due from pharmaceutical manufacturers and other amounts due within one year.  We accrue pharmaceutical rebates as 
they are earned based on contractual terms and usage of the product.  The balance of pharmaceutical rebates receivable 
was $1.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and $889 million at December 31, 2016.

Policy Acquisition Costs

Policy acquisition costs are those costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition of new and renewal insurance 
policies. Such costs include commissions, costs of policy issuance and underwriting, and other costs we incur to acquire 
new business or renew existing business. We expense policy acquisition costs related to our employer-group prepaid 
health services policies as incurred. These short-duration employer-group prepaid health services policies typically 
have a 1-year term and may be canceled upon 30 days notice by the employer group.

Life insurance, annuities, and certain health and other supplemental policies sold to individuals are accounted for 
as long-duration insurance products because they are expected to remain in force for an extended period beyond one 
year and premium received in the earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. As 

92

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

a result, we defer policy acquisition costs, primarily consisting of commissions, and amortize them over the estimated 
life of the policies in proportion to premiums earned. Deferred acquisition costs are reviewed to determine if they are 
recoverable from future income. See Note 18.

Beginning in 2014, health policies sold to individuals that conform to the Health Care Reform Law are accounted 
for under a short-duration model and accordingly policy acquisition costs are expensed as incurred because premiums 
received in the current year are intended to pay anticipated benefits in that year. In addition, as previously underwritten 
members transition to plans compliant with the Health Care Reform Law, it results in policy lapses and the recognition 
of previously deferred acquisition costs. 

Long-Lived Assets

Property and equipment is recorded at cost. Gains and losses on sales or disposals of property and equipment are 
included in operating costs. Certain costs related to the development or purchase of internal-use software are capitalized. 
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from 3 to 10 years for 
equipment, 3 to 5 years for computer software, and 10 to 20 years for buildings. Improvements to leased facilities are 
depreciated over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the anticipated life of the improvement.

We  periodically  review  long-lived  assets,  including  property  and  equipment  and  other  intangible  assets,  for 
impairment whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be 
recoverable. Losses are recognized for a long-lived asset to be held and used in our operations when the undiscounted 
future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset are less than its carrying value. We recognize an impairment 
loss based on the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset. A long-lived asset held for sale is reported 
at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Depreciation expense is not recognized on assets 
held for sale. Losses are recognized for a long-lived asset to be abandoned when the asset ceases to be used. In addition, 
we periodically review the estimated lives of all long-lived assets for reasonableness.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill represents the unamortized excess of cost over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible 
assets acquired. We are required to test at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting 
unit, and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. A 
reporting unit either is our operating segments or one level below the operating segments, referred to as a component, 
which comprise our reportable segments. A component is considered a reporting unit if the component constitutes a 
business for which discrete financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by management. We aggregate 
the components of an operating segment into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. Goodwill 
is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from a specific acquisition.

As discussed further below, we early adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued guidance 
simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment. We use the one-step process to review goodwill for impairment 
to determine both the existence and amount of goodwill impairment, if any. Impairment tests are performed, at a 
minimum, in the fourth quarter of each year supported by our long-range business plan and annual planning process. 
We rely on an evaluation of future discounted cash flows to determine fair value of our reporting units. Impairment 
tests completed for 2017, 2016, and 2015 did not result in an impairment loss.

Other intangible assets primarily relate to acquired customer contracts/relationships and are included with other 
long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Other intangible assets are amortized over the useful life, based 
upon the pattern of future cash flows attributable to the asset. This sometimes results in an accelerated method of 
amortization for customer contracts because the asset tends to dissipate at a more rapid rate in earlier periods. Other 
than customer contracts, other intangible assets generally are amortized using the straight-line method. We review other 
finite-lived intangible assets for impairment under our long-lived asset policy.

Benefits Payable and Benefits Expense Recognition

Benefits expense includes claim payments, capitation payments, pharmacy costs net of rebates, allocations of 
certain centralized expenses and various other costs incurred to provide health insurance coverage to members, as well 

93

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

as estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care and other supplemental benefits provided on 
or prior to the balance sheet date. Capitation payments represent monthly contractual fees disbursed to primary care 
and other providers who are responsible for providing medical care to members. Pharmacy costs represent payments 
for members’ prescription drug benefits, net of rebates from drug manufacturers. Receivables for such pharmacy rebates 
are included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Other supplemental benefits include dental, 
vision, and other supplemental health and financial protection products.

We estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim 
payment patterns, medical cost inflation, historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt 
patterns, and other relevant factors, and record benefit reserves for future payments. We continually review estimates 
of future payments relating to claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary 
adjustments to our reserves.

Benefits expense is recognized in the period in which services are provided and includes an estimate of the cost 
of services which have been incurred but not yet reported, or IBNR. Our reserving practice is to consistently recognize 
the actuarial best point estimate within a level of confidence required by actuarial standards. Actuarial standards of 
practice generally require a level of confidence such that the liabilities established for IBNR have a greater probability 
of being adequate versus being insufficient, or such that the liabilities established for IBNR are sufficient to cover 
obligations under an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. Adverse conditions are situations in which the actual 
claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of the estimate. Therefore, 
in many situations, the claim amounts ultimately settled will be less than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards 
of practice.

We develop our estimate for IBNR using actuarial methodologies and assumptions, primarily based upon historical 
claim experience. Depending on the period for which incurred claims are estimated, we apply a different method in 
determining our estimate. For periods prior to the most recent two months, the key assumption used in estimating our 
IBNR is that the completion factor pattern remains consistent over a rolling 12-month period after adjusting for known 
changes in claim inventory levels and known changes in claim payment processes. Completion factors result from the 
calculation of the percentage of claims incurred during a given period that have historically been adjudicated as of the 
reporting period. For the most recent two months, the incurred claims are estimated primarily from a trend analysis 
based upon per member per month claims trends developed from our historical experience in the preceding months, 
adjusted for known changes in estimates of recent hospital and drug utilization data, provider contracting changes, 
changes in benefit levels, changes in member cost sharing, changes in medical management processes, product mix, 
and weekday seasonality.

The completion factor method is used for the months of incurred claims prior to the most recent two months because 
the historical percentage of claims processed for those months is at a level sufficient to produce a consistently reliable 
result. Conversely, for the most recent two months of incurred claims, the volume of claims processed historically is 
not at a level sufficient to produce a reliable result, which therefore requires us to examine historical trend patterns as 
the primary method of evaluation. Changes in claim processes, including recoveries of overpayments, receipt cycle 
times, claim inventory levels, outsourcing, system conversions, and processing disruptions due to weather or other 
events affect views regarding the reasonable choice of completion factors. Claim payments to providers for services 
rendered  are  often  net  of  overpayment  recoveries  for  claims  paid  previously,  as  contractually  allowed.  Claim 
overpayment recoveries can result from many different factors, including retroactive enrollment activity, audits of 
provider billings, and/or payment errors. Changes in patterns of claim overpayment recoveries can be unpredictable 
and result in completion factor volatility, as they often impact older dates of service. The receipt cycle time measures 
the average length of time between when a medical claim was initially incurred and when the claim form was received. 
Increases in electronic claim submissions from providers decrease the receipt cycle time. If claims are submitted or 
processed on a faster (slower) pace than prior periods, the actual claim may be more (less) complete than originally 
estimated using our completion factors, which may result in reserves that are higher (lower) than required.

Medical cost trends potentially are more volatile than other segments of the economy. The drivers of medical cost 
trends include increases in the utilization of hospital facilities, physician services, new higher priced technologies and 
medical procedures, and new prescription drugs and therapies, as well as the inflationary effect on the cost per unit of 

94

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

each of these expense components. Other external factors such as government-mandated benefits or other regulatory 
changes, the tort liability system, increases in medical services capacity, direct to consumer advertising for prescription 
drugs and medical services, an aging population, lifestyle changes including diet and smoking, catastrophes, and 
epidemics also may impact medical cost trends. Internal factors such as system conversions, claims processing cycle 
times, changes in medical management practices and changes in provider contracts also may impact our ability to 
accurately predict estimates of historical completion factors or medical cost trends. All of these factors are considered 
in estimating IBNR and in estimating the per member per month claims trend for purposes of determining the reserve 
for  the  most  recent  two  months. Additionally,  we  continually  prepare  and  review  follow-up  studies  to  assess  the 
reasonableness of the estimates generated by our process and methods over time. The results of these studies are also 
considered in determining the reserve for the most recent two months. Each of these factors requires significant judgment 
by management.

We reassess the profitability of our contracts for providing insurance coverage to our members when current 
operating results or forecasts indicate probable future losses. We establish a premium deficiency reserve in current 
operations to the extent that the sum of expected future costs, claim adjustment expenses, and maintenance costs exceeds 
related future premiums under contracts without consideration of investment income. For purposes of determining 
premium deficiencies, contracts are grouped in a manner consistent with our method of acquiring, servicing, and 
measuring the profitability of such contracts. Losses recognized as a premium deficiency result in a beneficial effect 
in subsequent periods as operating losses under these contracts are charged to the liability previously established. 
Because the majority of our member contracts renew annually, we would not record a material premium deficiency 
reserve, except when unanticipated adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate otherwise. In the fourth quarter 
of 2015, we recognized a premium deficiency reserve of $176 million for our individual commercial medical business 
compliant with the Health Care Reform Law associated with the 2016 coverage year and recorded a change in estimate 
of $208 million in the second quarter of 2016 associated with the 2016 coverage year as discussed in more detail in 
Note 7. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017, we had no remaining premium deficiency reserve. 

We believe our benefits payable are adequate to cover future claims payments required. However, such estimates 
are based on knowledge of current events and anticipated future events. Therefore, the actual liability could differ 
materially from the amounts provided.

Future policy benefits payable

Future policy benefits payable include liabilities for long-duration insurance policies including long-term care, life 
insurance, annuities, and certain health and other supplemental policies sold to individuals for which some of the 
premium received in the earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. At policy 
issuance, these reserves are recognized on a net level premium method based on interest rates, mortality, morbidity, 
and maintenance expense assumptions. Interest rates are based on our expected net investment returns on the investment 
portfolio supporting the reserves for these blocks of business. Mortality, a measure of expected death, and morbidity, 
a measure of health status, assumptions are based on industry actuarial tables, modified based upon actual experience. 
Changes in estimates of these reserves are recognized as an adjustment to benefits expense in the period the changes 
occur. We perform loss recognition tests at least annually in the fourth quarter, and more frequently if adverse events 
or changes in circumstances indicate that the level of the liability, together with the present value of future gross 
premiums, may not be adequate to provide for future expected policy benefits and maintenance costs. During 2016, 
we recorded a loss for a premium deficiency as discussed further in Note 18. 

We adjust future policy benefits payable for the additional liability that would have been recorded if investment 
securities backing the liability had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current 
yields. We include the impact of this adjustment, if any, net of applicable deferred taxes, with the change in unrealized 
investment gain (loss) in accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders’ equity. As discussed previously, 
beginning in 2014, health policies sold to individuals that conform to the Health Care Reform Law are accounted for 
under a short-duration model under which policy reserves are not established because premiums received in the current 
year are intended to pay anticipated benefits in that year. In addition, as previously underwritten members transition 
to plans compliant with the Health Care Reform Law, it results in policy lapses and the release of reserves for future 
policy benefits. 

95

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Book Overdraft

Under our cash management system, checks issued but not yet presented to banks that would result in negative 
bank balances when presented are classified as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheets. Changes in book 
overdrafts from period to period are reported in the consolidated statement of cash flows as a financing activity.

Income Taxes

We recognize an asset or liability for the deferred tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases 
of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements. These temporary differences 
will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years when the reported amounts of the assets or liabilities are 
recovered or settled. We also recognize the future tax benefits such as net operating and capital loss carryforwards as 
deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is provided against these deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that 
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Future years’ tax expense may be increased or decreased 
by adjustments to the valuation allowance or to the estimated accrual for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and deferred 
tax liabilities are further adjusted for changes in the enacted tax rates. 

We record tax benefits when it is more likely than not that the tax return position taken with respect to a particular 
transaction will be sustained. A liability, if recorded, is not considered resolved until the statute of limitations for the 
relevant taxing authority to examine and challenge the tax position has expired, or the tax position is ultimately settled 
through examination, negotiation, or litigation. We classify interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions 
in our provision for income taxes.

Derivative Financial Instruments

On October 29, 2012, we acquired a noncontrolling equity interest in MCCI Holdings, LLC, or MCCI, a privately 
held Medical Services Organization, or MSO, headquartered in Miami, Florida, that primarily coordinates medical care 
for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries in Florida and Texas. Our agreement with MCCI includes a put option that would 
allow the controlling interest holder to put their interest to us beginning in 2018 as well as a call option that would 
allow us to purchase the controlling interest beginning in 2021. Accordingly, we recorded the effects of the put and call 
option at fair value. Changes in the fair values during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were not 
material to our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

At times, we may use interest-rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to interest rate risk. The differential 
between fixed and variable rates to be paid or received is accrued and recognized over the life of the agreements as 
adjustments to interest expense in the consolidated statements of income. We were not party to any interest-rate swap 
agreements in 2017, 2016, or 2015.

Related Party

As noted above, MCCI is a related party to Humana. In December 2015, we purchased a note receivable directly 
from a third-party bank syndicate related to the financing of MCCI's business and extended the exercise date of the put 
option  to  2018  and  the  call  option  to  2021.  The  note  receivable  balance  was  $349  million  and  $314  million  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and was included with other long-term assets in our consolidated balance 
sheets.  The note receivable bears interest at 10% annually, payable in quarterly installments, and matures in December 
2020. We have also entered into a revolving note agreement providing a line of credit up to $55 million under which 
$18 million was outstanding at December 31, 2017, and we had no balance outstanding at December 31, 2016. The 
2015 note purchase is included with purchases of investment securities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
The related interest income of $35 million and $30 million for 2017 and 2016,  respectively,  is included in investment 
income in our consolidated statements of income. The interest was accrued to the loan balance during 2017 and 2016 
pursuant to the terms of the note. MCCI provides services to Humana Medicare Advantage members under capitation 
contracts with our health plans. Under these capitation agreements with Humana, MCCI assumes the financial risk 
associated with these Medicare Advantage members. We also have an outstanding advance to MCCI of approximately 
$3 million and $6 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, with repayment terms tied to the performance 

96

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

under the capitation agreements. We recognized benefits expense of approximately $1.1 billion in 2017, $1.1 billion
in 2016 and $1.0 billion in 2015 under these capitation agreements with MCCI.  

Stock-Based Compensation

We generally recognize stock-based compensation expense, as determined on the date of grant at fair value, on a 
straight-line basis over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award 
(the vesting period). In addition, for awards with both time and performance-based conditions, we generally recognize 
compensation expense on a straight line basis over the vesting period when it is probable that the performance condition 
will be achieved. However, prior to July 2, 2015, for awards granted to retirement eligible employees, compensation 
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the requisite service period or the period from the date 
of grant to an employee’s eligible retirement date. For awards granted on or after July 2, 2015 to retirement eligible 
employees, we recognize expense on a straight-line basis over the service period (the vesting period). We estimate 
expected forfeitures and recognize compensation expense only for those awards which are expected to vest. We estimate 
the grant-date fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Prior to 2016 we reported 
certain tax effects of stock-based compensation as a financing activity rather than an operating activity in the consolidated 
statement of cash flows. In 2016, we prospectively applied the provisions of new guidance issued by the FASB related 
to the presentation of windfall tax benefits as cash flows from operating activities which resulted in reclassifying $20 
million of cash flows from financing activities to operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2016. We 
estimate forfeitures expected to occur to determine the amount of compensation cost to be recognized in each period. 

 Additional detail regarding our stock-based compensation plans is included in Note 13.

Earnings Per Common Share

We compute basic earnings per common share on the basis of the weighted-average number of unrestricted common 
shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share is computed on the basis of the weighted-average number of 
unrestricted common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of outstanding employee stock options and restricted 
shares, or units, using the treasury stock method.

Fair Value

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are categorized into a fair value hierarchy based on whether the inputs 
to valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent 
sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use. 
The fair value hierarchy includes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value as described below.

Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include 
debt securities that are traded in an active exchange market.

Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets 
or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other 
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of 
the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded 
less frequently than exchange-traded instruments as well as debt securities whose value is determined using 
a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated 
by observable market data.

Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and are significant to the fair 
value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 includes assets and liabilities whose value is determined using pricing 
models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques reflecting our own assumptions about the 
assumptions market participants would use as well as those requiring significant management judgment.

Fair value of actively traded debt securities are based on quoted market prices. Fair value of other debt securities 
are based on quoted market prices of identical or similar securities or based on observable inputs like interest rates 
generally using a market valuation approach, or, less frequently, an income valuation approach and are generally 

97

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

classified as Level 2. We obtain at least one price for each security from a third party pricing service. These prices are 
generally derived from recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, including adjustments through the 
reporting date based upon observable market information. When quoted prices are not available, the third party pricing 
service may use quoted market prices of comparable securities or discounted cash flow analysis, incorporating inputs 
that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. Inputs that are often used in the valuation methodologies 
include benchmark yields, reported trades, credit spreads, broker quotes, default rates, and prepayment speeds. We are 
responsible for the determination of fair value and as such we perform analysis on the prices received from the third 
party pricing service to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. Our analysis includes a 
review of monthly price fluctuations as well as a quarterly comparison of the prices received from the pricing service 
to prices reported by our third party investment advisor. In addition, on a quarterly basis we examine the underlying 
inputs and assumptions for a sample of individual securities across asset classes, credit rating levels, and various 
durations.

Fair value of privately held debt securities, as well as auction rate securities, are estimated using a variety of 
valuation methodologies, including both market and income approaches, where an observable quoted market does not 
exist and are generally classified as Level 3. For privately-held debt securities, such methodologies include reviewing 
the value ascribed to the most recent financing, comparing the security with securities of publicly-traded companies 
in similar lines of business, and reviewing the underlying financial performance including estimating discounted cash 
flows. Auction rate securities are debt instruments with interest rates that reset through periodic short-term auctions. 
From time to time, liquidity issues in the credit markets have led to failed auctions. Given the liquidity issues, fair value 
could not be estimated based on observable market prices, and as such, unobservable inputs were used. For auction 
rate  securities,  valuation  methodologies  include  consideration  of  the  quality  of  the  sector  and  issuer,  underlying 
collateral, underlying final maturity dates, and liquidity.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In January 2017, the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The new 
guidance eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment 
charge. A goodwill impairment charge would be recognized if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the 
estimated fair value of the reporting unit. The new guidance is effective beginning with annual and interim periods in 
2020, with early adoption permitted, and is to be applied prospectively. We early adopted this new guidance in the 
fourth quarter of 2017 and it did not have an impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

Accounting Pronouncements Effective in Future Periods

In March 2017, the FASB issued new guidance that amends the accounting for premium amortization on purchased 
callable debt securities by shortening the amortization period. This amended guidance requires the premium to be 
amortized to the earliest call date instead of maturity date. The new guidance is effective for us beginning with annual 
and interim periods in 2019. We do not expect adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our results of 
operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance introducing a new model for recognizing credit losses on financial 
instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses. The guidance is effective for us beginning January 
1, 2020. The new current expected credit losses (CECL) model generally calls for the immediate recognition of all 
expected credit losses and applies to loans, accounts and trade receivables as well as other financial assets measured 
at amortized cost, loan commitments and off-balance sheet credit exposures, debt securities and other financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, and beneficial interests in securitized financial assets. The 
new guidance replaces the current incurred loss model for measuring expected credit losses, requires expected losses 
on available-for-sale debt securities to be recognized through an allowance for credit losses rather than as reductions 
in the amortized cost of the securities, and provides for additional disclosure requirements. Our investment portfolio 
consists of available-for-sale debt securities. We are currently evaluating the impact on our results of operations, financial 
condition, or cash flows.

98

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to accounting for leases which requires lessees to record 
assets and liabilities reflecting the leased assets and lease obligations, respectively, while following the dual model for 
recognition in statements of income requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance.  Operating leases 
will result in straight-line expense (similar to current operating leases) while finance leases will result in a front-loaded 
expense pattern (similar to current capital leases). The new guidance is effective for us beginning with annual and 
interim periods in 2019, with earlier adoption permitted, and requires retrospective application to previously issued 
annual and interim financial statements. We have begun the process of identifying the population of lease agreements 
and other arrangements that may contain embedded leases for purposes of adopting the new standard. While we expect 
to record significant leased assets and corresponding lease obligations based on our existing population of individual 
leases, we continue to evaluate the impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance that amends the accounting for revenue recognition. The amendments 
are intended to provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability of revenue 
recognition practices, and improve disclosure requirements. Insurance contracts are not included in the scope of this 
new guidance. Accordingly, our premiums revenue and investment income, collectively representing approximately 
98% of our consolidated external revenues for 2017, are not included in the scope of the new guidance. We adopted 
the new standard effective January 1, 2018, as allowed, using the modified retrospective approach. As the majority of 
or revenues are not subject to the new guidance and the remaining revenues’ accounting treatment did not materially 
differ from existing accounting treatment, the adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on our 
consolidated results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and disclosures.

There are no other recently issued accounting standards that apply to us or that are expected to have a material 

impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

3. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES

On June 1, 2015, we completed the sale of our wholly owned subsidiary, Concentra Inc., or Concentra, to MJ 
Acquisition Corporation, a joint venture between Select Medical Holdings Corporation and Welsh, Carson, Anderson 
& Stowe, a private equity fund, for approximately $1,055 million in cash, excluding approximately $22 million of 
transaction costs. In connection with the sale, we recognized a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs, of $270 million
which is reported as gain on sale of business in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended 
December 31, 2015. The accompanying consolidated statements of income include revenues related to Concentra of 
$411 million in 2015. 

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, we acquired health and wellness related businesses which, individually or in the 
aggregate, have not had a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.  The results 
of operations and financial condition of these businesses have been included in our consolidated statements of income 
and consolidated balance sheets from the respective acquisition dates.  Acquisition-related costs recognized in each of 
2017, 2016, and 2015 were not material to our results of operations. The pro forma financial information assuming the 
acquisitions had occurred as of the beginning of the calendar year prior to the year of acquisition, as well as the revenues 
and earnings generated during the year of acquisition, were not material for disclosure purposes.

99

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES

Investment  securities  classified  as  current  and  long-term  were  as  follows  at  December 31,  2017  and  2016, 

respectively:

Gross

Unrealized

Gains

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

(in millions)

1
4
33

—
3
1
244
286

1
6
15

—
1
—
145
168

$

$

$

$

(2) $
(19)
(28)

—
(2)
—
(37)
(88) $

(15) $
(31)
(68)

—
(4)
—
(78)
(196) $

Fair
Value

531
1,610
3,889

26
456
408
5,382
12,302

786
1,637
3,305

9
304
160
3,597
9,798

 
December 31, 2017
U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government
    corporations and agencies:

U.S. Treasury and agency obligations
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

December 31, 2016
U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government
    corporations and agencies:

U.S. Treasury and agency obligations
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

$

$

$

$

Amortized

Cost

532
1,625
3,884

26
455
407
5,175
12,104

800
1,662
3,358

9
307
160
3,530
9,826

$

$

$

$

100

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Gross unrealized losses and fair values aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual 
securities  have  been  in  a  continuous  unrealized  loss  position  were  as  follows  at  December 31,  2017  and  2016, 
respectively:

 

 
 

December 31, 2017
U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government
    corporations and agencies:

U.S. Treasury and agency obligations $
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

$

December 31, 2016
U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government
    corporations and agencies:

U.S. Treasury and agency obligations $
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

$

Less than 12 months
Gross

Fair
Value

Unrealized

Losses

12 months or more
Gross

Fair
Value

Unrealized

Losses

Total

Fair
Value

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

(in millions)

273
581
1,590

20
131
107
1,297
3,999

697
1,528
2,756

—
182
51
1,544
6,758

$

$

$

$

(1) $
(2)
(16)

—
(1)
—
(10)
(30) $

130
672
661

3
28
10
804
2,308

(15) $
(31)
(67)

—
(3)
—
(71)
(187) $

3
3
43

4
24
63
69
209

$

$

$

$

(1) $
(17)
(12)

—
(1)
—
(27)
(58) $

— $
—
(1)

—
(1)
—
(7)
(9) $

403
1,253
2,251

23
159
117
2,101
6,307

700
1,531
2,799

4
206
114
1,613
6,967

$

$

$

$

(2)
(19)
(28)

—
(2)
—
(37)
(88)

(15)
(31)
(68)

—
(4)
—
(78)
(196)

Approximately 98% of our debt securities were investment-grade quality, with a weighted average credit rating 
of AA by S&P at December 31, 2017. Most of the debt securities that were below investment-grade were rated BB, the 
higher end of the below investment-grade rating scale. At December 31, 2017, 6% of our tax-exempt municipal securities 
were pre-refunded, generally with U.S. government and agency securities. Tax-exempt municipal securities that were 
not pre-refunded were diversified among general obligation bonds of U.S. states and local municipalities as well as 
special revenue bonds. General obligation bonds, which are backed by the taxing power and full faith of the issuer, 
accounted for 49% of the tax-exempt municipals that were not pre-refunded in the portfolio. Special revenue bonds, 
issued by a municipality to finance a specific public works project such as utilities, water and sewer, transportation, or 
education, and supported by the revenues of that project, accounted for the remaining 51% of these municipals. Our 
general obligation bonds are diversified across the United States with no individual state exceeding 9%. In addition, 
2% of our tax-exempt securities were insured by bond insurers and had an equivalent weighted average S&P credit 
rating of AA exclusive of the bond insurers’ guarantee. Our investment policy limits investments in a single issuer and 
requires diversification among various asset types.

101

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Residential mortgage back securities comprised approximately 93% of our agency mortgage-backed securities at 

December 31, 2017 and 99% at December 31, 2016.

The recoverability of our non-agency residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities is supported by 
factors  such  as  seniority,  underlying  collateral  characteristics  and  credit  enhancements.  These  residential  and 
commercial mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 2017 primarily were composed of senior tranches having high 
credit support, with over 99% of the collateral consisting of prime loans. The weighted average credit rating of all 
commercial mortgage-backed securities was AA+ at December 31, 2017.

The percentage of corporate securities associated with the financial services industry was 30% at December 31, 

2017 and 23% at December 31, 2016.

Our  unrealized  loss  from  all  securities  was  generated  from  approximately  900  positions  out  of  a  total  of 
approximately 2,410 positions at December 31, 2017. All issuers of securities we own that were trading at an unrealized 
loss at December 31, 2017 remain current on all contractual payments. After taking into account these and other factors 
previously described, we believe these unrealized losses primarily were caused by an increase in market interest rates 
in the current markets than when the securities were purchased. At December 31, 2017, we did not intend to sell the 
securities with an unrealized loss position in accumulated other comprehensive income, and it is not likely that we will 
be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. As a result, we believe that the securities 
with an unrealized loss were not other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2017.

The detail of realized gains (losses) related to investment securities and included within investment income was 

as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015:

 
Gross realized gains
Gross realized losses

Net realized capital gains

2017

2016

2015

$

$

(in millions)
120
(24)
96

$

$

$

$

35
(21)
14

179
(33)
146

There were no material other-than-temporary impairments in 2017, 2016, or 2015.

The contractual maturities of debt securities available for sale at December 31, 2017, regardless of their balance 
sheet classification, are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers 
may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.

Amortized

Cost

Fair
Value

$

(in millions)
712
2,872
2,661
3,346
2,513
12,104

$

711
2,867
2,657
3,567
2,500
12,302

 
Due within one year
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
Due after ten years
Mortgage and asset-backed securities

Total debt securities

$

$

102

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

5. FAIR VALUE

Financial Assets

The following table summarizes our fair value measurements at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, for 

financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis:

 

 
 

December 31, 2017
Cash equivalents
Debt securities:

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government
corporations and agencies:

U.S. Treasury and agency obligations
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

Total invested assets

December 31, 2016
Cash equivalents
Debt securities:

U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government
corporations and agencies:

U.S. Treasury and agency obligations
Mortgage-backed securities
Tax-exempt municipal securities
Mortgage-backed securities:

Residential
Commercial

Asset-backed securities
Corporate debt securities

Total debt securities

Total invested assets

 

Fair Value Measurements Using

Quoted Prices

in Active
Markets
(Level 1)

Fair Value

Other

Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

(in millions)

$

4,564

$

4,564

$

— $

531
1,610
3,889

26
456
408
5,382
12,302
16,866

3,654

786
1,637
3,305

9
304
160
3,597
9,798
13,452

$

$

$

$

$

$

—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
4,564

3,654

—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
3,654

$

$

$

531
1,610
3,889

26
456
408
5,381
12,301
12,301

$

— $

786
1,637
3,302

9
304
160
3,593
9,791
9,791

$

—

—
—
—

—
—
—
1
1
1

—

—
—
3

—
—
—
4
7
7

There were no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during 2017 or 2016.

103

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Our Level 3 assets had a fair value of $1 million at December 31, 2017, or less than 0.1% of our total invested 
assets. During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, the changes in the fair value of the assets measured 
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) were comprised of the following:

 
 

For the years ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

 
 
Beginning balance at January 1 $

Private

Placements

Auction

Rate

Securities

Total

Private

Placements

4

$

3

$

7

$

Auction

Rate

Securities
(in millions)
6
5

$

Total

Private

Placements

Auction

Rate

Securities

Total

$ 11

$

24

$

8

$ 32

Total gains or losses:
Realized in earnings
Unrealized in other
   comprehensive income
Purchases
Sales
Settlements

—

—
—
(3)
—

—

—
—
—
(3)

—

—
—
(3)
(3)

—

—
—
—
(2)

—

—
—
—
(2)

—

—
—
—
(4)

(1)

—
—
(17)
—

—

—
—
(3)
—

(1)

—
—
(20)
—

Balance at December 31

$

1

$ — $

1

$

4

$

3

$

7

$

6

$

5

$ 11

Financial Liabilities

Our  long-term  debt,  recorded  at  carrying  value  in  our  consolidated  balance  sheets,  was  $4,770  million  at 
December 31, 2017 and $3,792 million at December 31, 2016. The fair value of our long-term debt was $5,191 million
at December 31, 2017 and $4,004 million at December 31, 2016. The fair value of our long-term debt is determined 
based on Level 2 inputs, including quoted market prices for the same or similar debt, or if no quoted market prices are 
available, on the current prices estimated to be available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities.

Due to the short-term nature, carrying value approximates fair value for our commercial paper borrowings. There 
were outstanding commercial paper borrowings of $150 million outstanding at December 31, 2017, compared to $300 
million outstanding at December 31, 2016.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

As disclosed in Note 3, we completed our acquisitions of certain health and wellness related businesses during 
2017, 2016, and 2015. The values of net tangible assets acquired and the resulting goodwill and other intangible assets 
were recorded at fair value using Level 3 inputs. The majority of the related tangible assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed were recorded at their carrying values as of the respective dates of acquisition, as their carrying values 
approximated their fair values due to their short-term nature. The fair values of goodwill and other intangible assets 
acquired in these acquisitions were internally estimated primarily based on the income approach. The income approach 
estimates fair value based on the present value of the cash flows that the assets are expected to generate in the future. 
We developed internal estimates for the expected cash flows and discount rates in the present value calculations. Other 
than assets acquired and liabilities assumed in these acquisitions, there were no material assets or liabilities measured 
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during 2017, 2016, or 2015.

104

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

6. MEDICARE PART D

As discussed in Note 2, we cover prescription drug benefits in accordance with Medicare Part D under multiple 
contracts with CMS. The accompanying consolidated balance sheets include the following amounts associated with 
Medicare Part D as of December 31, 2017 and 2016.  CMS subsidies/discounts in the table below include the reinsurance 
and low-income cost subsidies funded by CMS for which we assume no risk as well as brand name prescription drug 
discounts for Part D plan participants in the coverage gap funded by CMS and pharmaceutical manufacturers.  

 

 
 
Other current assets
Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net current (liability) asset

Other long-term liabilities
       Total net (liability) asset

2017

2016

Risk

Corridor
Settlement

CMS

Subsidies/
Discounts

Risk

Corridor
Settlement

CMS

Subsidies/
Discounts

$

$

$

4
(255)
(251)
(28)
(279) $

$

(in millions)
101
(1,085)
(984)
—

$

8
(158)
(150) $

—

(984) $

(150) $

1,001
(128)
873
—
873

7. HEALTH CARE REFORM

We have exited our individual commercial medical business effective January 1, 2018. Operating results for our 
individual commercial medical business compliant with the Health Care Reform Law were challenged primarily due 
to unanticipated modifications in the program subsequent to the passing of the Health Care Reform Law, resulting in 
higher  covered  population  morbidity  and  the  ensuing  enrollment  and  claims  issues  causing  volatility  in  claims 
experience.  We took a number of actions in 2015 that we believed would improve the profitability of our individual 
commercial  medical  business  in  2016.  Despite  these  actions,  the  deterioration  in  the  second  half  of  2015  claims 
experience together with 2016 open enrollment results that included the retention of many high-utilizing members for 
2016 resulted in a probable future loss. As a result of our assessment in the fourth quarter of 2015 of the profitability 
of our individual commercial medical policies compliant with the Health Care Reform Law, we recorded in that quarter 
a provision for probable future losses (premium deficiency reserve) for the 2016 coverage year of $176 million in 
benefits payable in our consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding increase in benefits expense in our consolidated 
statement of income. In the second quarter of 2016, we increased the premium deficiency reserve for the 2016 coverage 
year and recorded a change in estimate of $208 million with a corresponding increase in benefits expense in our 
consolidated statement of income. During 2016, $384 million current period losses were applied to the premium 
deficiency reserve liability for the 2016 coverage year. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had no premium deficiency 
reserve.

On November 10, 2016, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims ruled in favor of the government in one of a series of 
cases filed by insurers, unrelated to us, against HHS to collect risk corridor payments, rejecting all of the insurer’s 
statutory,  contract  and  Constitutional  claims  for  payment.  On  November  18,  2016,  HHS  issued  a  memorandum 
indicating a significant funding shortfall for the 2015 coverage year, the second consecutive year of significant shortfalls. 
Given the successful challenge of the risk corridor provisions in court, Congressional inquiries into the funding of the 
risk corridor program, and significant funding shortfalls under the first two years of the program, during the fourth 
quarter of 2016 we wrote-off $583 million in risk corridor receivables outstanding as of September 30, 2016, including
$415 million associated with the 2014 and 2015 coverage years. From inception of the risk corridor program through 
December 31, 2017, we collected approximately $39 million from CMS for risk corridor receivables associated with 
the 2014 coverage year funded by HHS in accordance with previous guidance, utilizing funds HHS collected from us 
and other carriers under the 2014 and 2015 risk corridor program.  On November 2, 2017, we filed suit against the 
United States of America in the United States Court of Federal Claims, on behalf of our health plans seeking recovery 
from the federal government of approximately $611 million in payments under the risk corridor premium stabilization 
program established under the Health Care Reform Law, for years 2014, 2015 and 2016. 

105

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

The  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  include  the  following  amounts  associated  with  the  3Rs  at 

December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. 

 

 

Prior Coverage Years
Premiums receivable
Other current assets
Trade accounts payable and
   accrued expenses

Net current asset
Other long-term assets

Total prior coverage years'
net asset

Current Coverage Year
Premiums receivable
Trade accounts payable and
   accrued expenses

Net current liability
Other long-term assets

2017

2016

Risk 

Adjustment 
Settlement

Reinsurance
Recoverables

Risk

Corridor
Settlement

Risk 

Adjustment 
Settlement

Reinsurance
Recoverables

Risk

Corridor
Settlement

(in millions)

$

— $
—

— $
44

— $
—

$

307
—

— $
260

—
—
—

—

62

(80)
(18)
5

—
44
—

44

—

—
—
—

—
44

—
—
—

—

—

—
—
—

(117)
190
6

196

—

—
—
—

—
260
—

260

—

—
—
—

—
— $

—
196

$

—
260

$

$

—
—

—
—
—

—

—

—
—
—

—
—

Total prior coverage years'
net liability

Total net (liability) asset

$

(13)
(13) $

Net collections under the 3Rs associated with prior coverage years were $440 million during 2017 and were $383 
million during 2016. We expect to collect the remaining $44 million of reinsurance recoverables related to prior coverage 
years in 2018.

The annual health insurance industry fee was suspended for calendar year 2017, but has resumed for calendar year 
2018. In 2016, we paid the federal government $916 million for the annual health insurance industry fee attributed to 
calendar year 2016, compared to $867 million in 2015, in accordance with the Health Care Reform Law. This fee is 
not deductible for tax purposes. The annual health insurance industry fee was also suspended for the calendar year 2019 
and is scheduled to resume in calendar year 2020.  

106

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

8. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET

Property and equipment was comprised of the following at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

2017

2016

 
Land
Buildings and leasehold improvements
Equipment
Computer software

Accumulated depreciation

Property and equipment, net

$

$

$

(in millions)
20
713
824
2,003
3,560
(1,976)
1,584

$

20
681
750
1,744
3,195
(1,690)
1,505

Depreciation expense was $410 million in 2017, $388 million in 2016, and $354 million in 2015, including 
amortization expense for capitalized internally developed and purchased software of $287 million in 2017, $255 million
in 2016, and $220 million in 2015.

9. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

The carrying amount of goodwill for our reportable segments has been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the 
2017 segment reclassification as discussed in Note 1. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for our reportable 
segments for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:

Retail

Group and 
Specialty

Healthcare
Services

Total

 
Balance at January 1, 2016

Acquisitions

Balance at December 31, 2016

Acquisitions

Balance at December 31, 2017

$

$

1,059
—
1,059
—
1,059

$

$

$

(in millions)
261
—
261
—
261

$

1,945
7
1,952
9
1,961

$

$

3,265
7
3,272
9
3,281

The  following  table  presents  details  of  our  other  intangible  assets  included  in  other  long-term  assets  in  the 

accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

 

 
 
Other intangible assets:

Weighted
Average

Life

 

2017

Accumulated
Amortization

Cost

Cost

Net
(in millions)

2016

Accumulated
Amortization

Net

Customer contracts/relationships
Trade names and technology
Provider contracts
Noncompetes and other

Total other intangible assets

9.8 years $ 566
104
8.2 years
68
11.9 years
8.1 years
32
9.7 years $ 770

$

$

401
84
30
29
544

$ 165
20
38
3
$ 226

$ 566
104
51
32
$ 753

$

$

347
69
29
28
473

$ 219
35
22
4
$ 280

107

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Amortization expense for other intangible assets was approximately $75 million in 2017, $77 million in 2016, and 
$93 million in 2015. The following table presents our estimate of amortization expense for each of the five next 
succeeding fiscal years:

 
For the years ending December 31,

(in millions)

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022

$

64
54
52
19
16

108

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

10. BENEFITS PAYABLE

On a consolidated basis, activity in benefits payable, excluding military services, was as follows for the years 

ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 
Balances at January 1
Less: Premium deficiency reserve
Less: Reinsurance recoverables
Balances at January 1, net
Incurred related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total incurred

Paid related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total paid

Premium deficiency reserve
Reinsurance recoverable
Balances at December 31

$

$

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

4,563
—
(76)
4,487

44,001
(483)
43,518

(39,496)
(3,911)
(43,407)
—
70
4,668

$

$

4,976
(176)
(85)
4,715

45,318
(582)
44,736

(40,852)
(4,112)
(44,964)
—
76
4,563

$

4,475
—
(78)
4,397

44,397
(236)
44,161

(39,802)
(4,041)
(43,843)
176
85
4,976

 
Amounts incurred related to prior years vary from previously estimated liabilities as the claims ultimately are 
settled. Negative amounts reported for incurred related to prior years result from claims being ultimately settled for 
amounts less than originally estimated (favorable development).

As previously discussed, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate 
liability for claims. Actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which 
generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. We experienced favorable 
medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of $483 million in 2017, $582 million in 2016, and 
$236 million in 2015. The table below details our favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal 
years by segment for 2017, 2016, and 2015.

 
 
 
Retail Segment
Group and Specialty Segment
Individual Commercial Segment
Other Businesses
Total

$

$

Favorable Medical Claims Reserve

Development

2017

2016

2015

(386) $
(40)
(56)
(1)

(483) $

(429) $
(46)
(106)
(1)

(582) $

(248)
(7)
20
(1)
(236)

The favorable medical claims reserve development for 2017, 2016, and 2015 primarily reflects the consistent 
application of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. Favorable 
prior period development in 2017 and 2016 primarily resulted from our Medicare Advantage and individual commercial 
medical businesses. The favorable prior period development in 2015 was impacted primarily by lower financial claim 
recoveries due in part to our gradual implementation during 2014 of inpatient authorization review prior to admission 

109

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

as opposed to post adjudication, as well as higher than expected flu associated claims from the fourth quarter of 2014 
and continued volatility in claims associated with individual commercial medical products.

Benefits expense excluded from the previous table was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016

and 2015:

 
Premium deficiency reserve for short-duration policies
Military services
Future policy benefits

Total

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

— $
—
(22)
(22) $

(176) $

8
439
271

$

176
12
(80)
108

$

$

In the fourth quarter of 2015, we recognized a premium deficiency reserve for our individual commercial medical 
business compliant with the Health Care Reform Law associated with the 2016 coverage year as discussed in more 
detail in Note 7.

Military services benefits expense for each year in the table above reflect expenses associated with our contracts 

with the Veterans Administration.  

The higher benefits expense associated with future policy benefits payable during 2016 primarily relates to reserve 
strengthening for our closed block of long-term care insurance policies acquired in connection with the 2007 KMG 
acquisition as more fully described in Note 18. Benefits expense associated with future policy benefits payable in 2015 
primarily reflects the release of reserves as individual commercial medical members transitioned to plans compliant 
with the Health Care Reform Law. 

Incurred and Paid Claims Development

  The following discussion provides information about incurred and paid claims development for our segments as of 
December 31, 2017, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of IBNR included within 
the net incurred claims amounts. The information about incurred and paid claims development for the years ended 
December 31, 2015 and 2016 is presented as supplementary information.

  Claims frequency is measured as medical fee-for-service claims for each service encounter with a unique provider 
identification number. Our claims frequency measure includes claims covered by deductibles as well as claims under 
capitated arrangements. Claim counts may vary based on product mix and the percentage of delegated capitation 
arrangements.

110

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

  Retail Segment

  Activity in benefits payable for our Retail segment was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015:

 
Balances at January 1
Less: Reinsurance recoverables
Balances at January 1, net
Incurred related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total incurred

Paid related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total paid

Reinsurance recoverable
Balances at December 31

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

3,506
(76)
3,430

$

3,600
(85)
3,515

38,604
(386)
38,218

(34,781)
(2,974)
(37,755)
70
3,963

$

37,212
(429)
36,783

(33,784)
(3,084)
(36,868)
76
3,506

$

3,428
(78)
3,350

36,299
(248)
36,051

(32,874)
(3,012)
(35,886)
85
3,600

$

$

  At December 31, 2017, benefits payable for our Retail segment included IBNR of approximately $2.5 billion, 
primarily associated with claims incurred in 2017. The cumulative number of reported claims as of December 31, 2017
was approximately 97.8 million for claims incurred in 2017, 96.0 million for claims incurred in 2016, and 93.9 million
for claims incurred in 2015.

  The following tables provide information about incurred and paid claims development for the Retail segment as of 
December 31, 2017, net of reinsurance.

Incurred Claims, Net of Reinsurance
For the Years Ended December 31,

Claims Incurred Year

2015

Unaudited

$

36,299

$

2015
2016
2017
 Total

2016

Unaudited
(in millions)

35,928
37,212

2017

35,877
36,891
38,604
111,372

$

$

111

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Cumulative Paid Claims, Net of Reinsurance

For the Years Ended December 31,

Claims Incurred Year

2015 

Unaudited

$

32,874

$

2015
2016
2017
 Total

2016

Unaudited
(in millions)

35,918
33,784

All outstanding benefit liabilities before 2015, net of reinsurance
Benefits payable, net of reinsurance

2017

35,857
36,841
34,781
107,479
N/A
3,893

$

$

$

  Group and Specialty Segment

  Activity in benefits payable for our Group and Specialty segment, excluding military services, was as follows for 
the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 
Balances at January 1
Less: Reinsurance recoverables
Balances at January 1, net
Incurred related to:

$

Current year
Prior years

Total incurred

Paid related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total paid

Balances at December 31

$

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

579
—
579

5,403
(40)
5,363

(4,843)
(531)
(5,374)
568

$

$

616
—
616

5,271
(46)
5,225

(4,700)
(562)
(5,262)
579

$

603
—
603

5,377
(7)
5,370

(4,774)
(583)
(5,357)
616

  At December 31, 2017, benefits payable for our Group and Specialty segment included IBNR of approximately 
$500 million, primarily associated with claims incurred in 2017. The cumulative number of reported claims as of 
December 31, 2017 was approximately 10.6 million for claims incurred in 2017, 12.8 million for claims incurred in 
2016, and 13.4 million for claims incurred in 2015.

 

112

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

  The following tables provide information about incurred and paid claims development for the Group and Specialty 
segment as of December 31, 2017, net of reinsurance.

Incurred Claims, Net of Reinsurance
For the Years Ended December 31,

Claims Incurred Year

2015

Unaudited

$

5,377

$

2015
2016
2017
 Total

2016

Unaudited
(in millions)

5,333
5,271

2017

5,333
5,234
5,403
15,970

$

$

Cumulative Paid Claims, Net of Reinsurance

For the Years Ended December 31,

Claims Incurred Year

2015

Unaudited

$

4,774

$

2015
2016
2017
Total

2016

Unaudited
(in millions)

5,327
4,700

All outstanding benefit liabilities before 2015, net of reinsurance
Benefits payable, net of reinsurance

2017

5,333
5,226
4,843
15,402
N/A
568

$

$

$

      

113

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

      Individual Commercial Segment 

  Activity in benefits payable for our Individual Commercial segment, was as follows for the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016 and 2015:

Balances at January 1
Less: Premium deficiency reserve
Balances at January 1, net
Incurred related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total incurred

Paid related to:

Current year
Prior years

Total paid

Premium deficiency reserve
Balances at December 31

$

$

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

454
—
454

669
(56)
613

(583)
(383)
(966)
—
101

$

$

$

741
(176)
565

3,677
(106)
3,571

(3,233)
(449)
(3,682)
—
454

$

424
—
424

3,512
20
3,532

(2,966)
(425)
(3,391)
176
741

     At December 31, 2017, benefits payable for our Individual Commercial segment included IBNR of approximately 
$85  million,  primarily  associated  with  claims  incurred  in  2017. The  cumulative  number  of  reported  claims  as  of 
December 31, 2017 was approximately 2.2 million for claims incurred in 2017, 9.5 million for claims incurred in 2016, 
and 11.0 million for claims incurred in 2015.

     The following tables provide information about incurred and paid claims development for the Individual Commercial 
segment as of December 31, 2017, net of reinsurance.

Incurred Claims, Net of Reinsurance
For the Years Ended December 31,

Claims Incurred Year

2015

Unaudited

2016

Unaudited

2017

2015
2016
2017
 Total

$

3,512

$

3,412
3,677

$

$

3,412
3,621
669
7,702

114

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Cumulative Paid Claims, Net of Reinsurance

For the Years Ended December 31,

Claims Incurred Year

2015

Unaudited

$

2,966

$

2015
2016
2017
Total

2016

Unaudited
(in millions)

3,400
3,233

All outstanding benefit liabilities before 2015, net of reinsurance
Benefits payable, net of reinsurance

2017

3,412
3,606
583
7,601

N/A

101

$

$

$

  Reconciliation to Consolidated

The reconciliation of the net incurred and paid claims development tables to benefits payable in the consolidated 

statement of financial position is as follows: 

Net outstanding liabilities
Retail
Group and Specialty
Individual Commercial
Other insurance lines
    Benefits payable, net of reinsurance
Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims
Retail
Group and Specialty
Individual Commercial
Other insurance lines
     Total reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims
     Total benefits payable, gross

December 31,

2017

$

$

3,893
568
101
36
4,598

70
—
—
—
70
4,668

115

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

11. INCOME TAXES 

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 
Current provision:

Federal
States and Puerto Rico

Total current provision

Deferred expense (benefit)

Provision for income taxes

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

$

1,324
116
1,440
132
1,572

$

$

921
88
1,009
(71)
938

$

$

1,067
90
1,157
(2)
1,155

The provision for income taxes was different from the amount computed using the federal statutory rate for the 

years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 due to the following:

 
Income tax provision at federal statutory rate
States, net of federal benefit, and Puerto Rico
Tax exempt investment income
Health insurer fee
Nondeductible executive compensation
Tax reform
Concentra sale
Other, net

Provision for income taxes

$

$

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

1,407
80
(22)
—
36
133
—
(62)
1,572

$

$

543
41
(20)
336
30
—
—
8
938

$

$

851
44
(24)
314
18
—
(67)
19
1,155

The tax reform law enacted on December 22, 2017 (the "Tax Reform Law") reduced the statutory federal corporate 
income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent, beginning in 2018, and required a mandatory deemed repatriation of 
undistributed foreign earnings. The rate reduction required a remeasurement of our net deferred tax asset. These items  
resulted in an estimated increase in our 2017 tax provision of approximately $133 million, including approximately 
$10 million for the deemed repatriation tax imposed on the undistributed earnings of our Puerto Rico operations. 

The provision for income taxes for 2017, 2016, and 2015 reflects a $36 million, $30 million, and $18 million, 
respectively, estimated impact from limitations on the deductibility of annual compensation in excess of $500,000 per 
employee as mandated by the Health Care Reform Law.  We do not have material uncertain tax positions reflected in 
our consolidated balance sheets.

Deferred income tax balances reflect the impact of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities 
and their reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements, and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be 
in effect when the reported amounts are actually recovered or settled. 

116

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Principal components of our net deferred tax balances at December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:

Humana Inc.

 
 
 
Future policy benefits payable
Benefits payable
Compensation and other accrued expenses
Net operating loss carryforward
Deferred acquisition costs
Unearned revenues
Investment securities
Other

Total deferred income tax assets
Valuation allowance
Total deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowance

Depreciable property and intangible assets
Prepaid expenses
Investment securities

Total deferred income tax liabilities

Total net deferred income tax assets

Assets (Liabilities)

2017

2016

$

(in millions)
231
113
138
53
48
12
—
1
596
(49)
547
(237)
(44)
(49)
(330)
217

$

355
196
153
52
72
18
12
6
864
(49)
815
(363)
(53)
—
(416)
399

$

$

In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance related to accounting for income taxes which changes the 
balance sheet classification of deferred taxes, requiring deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in 
a classified statement of financial position effective for us beginning with annual and interim periods in 2017. We 
elected to early adopt the guidance in 2015. All deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as noncurrent in other 
long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 to simplify their presentation. 

At December 31, 2017, we had approximately $168 million of net operating losses to carry forward related to prior 
acquisitions and our Puerto Rico subsidiaries. These net operating loss carryforwards, if not used to offset future taxable 
income, will expire from 2018 through 2033. Due to limitations and uncertainty regarding our ability to use some of 
the loss carryforwards and certain other deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance of $49 million was established. For 
the remainder of the net operating loss carryforwards and other cumulative temporary differences, based on our historical 
record of producing taxable income and profitability, we have concluded that future operating income will be sufficient 
to give rise to tax expense to recover all deferred tax assets. 

We file income tax returns in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service, 
or IRS, has completed its examinations of our consolidated income tax returns for 2015 and prior years. Our 2016 tax 
return is in the post-filing review period under the Compliance Assurance Process, or CAP. Our 2017 tax return is under 
advance review by the IRS under CAP. With a few exceptions, which are immaterial in the aggregate, we no longer 
are  subject  to  state,  local  and  foreign  tax  examinations  for  years  before  2014. We  are  not  aware  of  any  material 
adjustments that may be proposed.

117

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

12. DEBT

The carrying value of long-term debt outstanding was as follows at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

 
Long-term debt:
Senior notes:

$500 million, 7.20% due June 15, 2018
$300 million, 6.30% due August 1, 2018
$400 million, 2.625% due October 1, 2019
$400 million, 2.50% due December 15, 2020
$400 million, 2.90% due December 15, 2022
$600 million, 3.15% due December 1, 2022
$600 million, 3.85% due October 1, 2024
$600 million, 3.95% due March 15, 2027
$250 million, 8.15% due June 15, 2038
$400 million, 4.625% due December 1, 2042
$750 million, 4.95% due October 1, 2044
$400 million, 4.80% due March 15, 2047

Total long-term debt

Senior Notes

2017

2016

(in millions)

$

$

— $
—
399
397
396
595
595
594
263
396
739
396
4,770

$

501
304
398
—
—
595
595
—
264
396
739
—
3,792

In December 2017, we issued $400 million of 2.50% senior notes due December 15, 2020 and $400 million of
2.90% senior notes due December 15, 2022. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discount and commission 
and offering expenses paid as of December 31, 2017, were $794 million. We used the net proceeds, together with 
available cash, to fund the redemption of our $300 million aggregate principal amount of 6.30% senior notes maturing 
in August 2018 and our $500 million aggregate principal amount of 7.20% senior notes maturing in June 2018 at 100%
of the principal amount plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption 
date, for cash totaling approximately $829 million. We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately
$17 million in December 2017 for the redemption of these senior notes, which is included in interest expense in the 
consolidated statements of income.   

In March 2017, we issued $600 million of 3.95% senior notes due March 15, 2027 and $400 million of 4.80%
senior notes due March 15, 2047. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discount and commission and offering 
expenses paid as of March 31, 2017, were $991 million. The net proceeds from these issuances are being used for 
general corporate purposes.

Our senior notes, which are unsecured, may be redeemed at our option at any time at 100% of the principal amount 
plus  accrued  interest  and  a  specified  make-whole  amount. The  8.15%  senior  notes  are  subject  to  an  interest  rate 
adjustment if the debt ratings assigned to the notes are downgraded (or subsequently upgraded). In addition, our senior 
notes contain a change of control provision that may require us to purchase the notes under certain circumstances. 

118

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Credit Agreement

In May 2017 we amended and restated our previous 5-year $1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement 
expiring July 2018 with a 5-year $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement which expires May 2022. Under 
the credit agreement, at our option, we can borrow on either a competitive advance basis or a revolving credit basis. 
The revolving credit portion bears interest at either LIBOR plus a spread or the base rate plus a spread. The LIBOR 
spread, currently 110 basis points, varies depending on our credit ratings ranging from 91 to 150 basis points. We also 
pay an annual facility fee regardless of utilization. This facility fee, currently 15 basis points, may fluctuate between
9 and 25 basis points, depending upon our credit ratings. The competitive advance portion of any borrowings will bear 
interest at market rates prevailing at the time of borrowing on either a fixed rate or a floating rate based on LIBOR, at 
our option. 

The terms of the credit agreement include standard provisions related to conditions of borrowing, including a 
customary material adverse effect clause which could limit our ability to borrow additional funds. In addition, the credit 
agreement contains customary restrictive and financial covenants as well as customary events of default, including 
financial covenants regarding the maintenance of a minimum level of net worth of $9.2 billion at December 31, 2017
and a maximum leverage ratio of 3.0:1. We are in compliance with the financial covenants, with actual net worth of
$9.8 billion and an actual leverage ratio of 1.0:1, as measured in accordance with the credit agreement as of December 31, 
2017.  Upon our agreement with one or more financial institutions, we may expand the aggregate commitments under 
the credit agreement to a maximum of $2.5 billion, through a $500 million incremental loan facility. 

At December 31, 2017, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement and no letters of credit  
outstanding  under  the  credit  agreement. Accordingly,  as  of  December 31,  2017,  we  had  $2  billion  of  remaining 
borrowing capacity (which excludes the uncommitted $500 million incremental loan facility under the credit agreement), 
none of which would be restricted by our financial covenant compliance requirement. We have other customary, arms-
length relationships, including financial advisory and banking, with some parties to the credit agreement. 

Commercial Paper

       We previously entered into a commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue short-term, unsecured 
commercial paper notes privately placed on a discount basis through certain broker dealers. On June 15, 2017, we 
increased the size of the commercial paper program to permit the issuance of the commercial notes with the aggregate 
face or principal amount outstanding under the program at any time not to exceed $2 billion. Amounts available under 
the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. The net proceeds of issuances have been and 
are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time 
during the year ended December 31, 2017 was $500 million, with $150 million outstanding at December 31, 2017, 
compared to $300 million outstanding at December 31, 2016.

13. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

Employee Savings Plan

We  have  defined  contribution  retirement  savings  plans  covering  eligible  employees  which  include  matching 
contributions based on the amount of our employees’ contributions to the plans. The cost of these plans amounted to 
approximately $217 million in 2017, $196 million in 2016, and $188 million in 2015. The Company’s cash match is 
invested pursuant to the participant’s contribution direction. Based on the closing price of our common stock of $248.07
on December 29, 2017, approximately 11% of the retirement and savings plan’s assets were invested in our common 
stock, or approximately 2.0 million shares, representing 2% of the shares outstanding as of December 31, 2017. At 
December 31, 2017, approximately 2.4 million shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance under our 
defined contribution retirement savings plans.

119

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Stock-Based Compensation

We have plans under which options to purchase our common stock and restricted stock units have been granted to 
executive officers, directors and key employees. For awards granted prior to July 2, 2015, our equity award agreements 
generally contain provisions whereby the awards automatically accelerate and vest upon change in control, including 
those granted to retirement-eligible participants described below.  Awards granted on or after July 2, 2015 would 
generally require both a change in control and termination of employment within 2 years of the date of the change in 
control to accelerate the vesting, including those granted to retirement-eligible participants. 

The terms and vesting schedules for stock-based awards vary by type of grant. Generally, the awards vest upon 
time-based conditions. We have also granted awards to certain employees that vest upon a combination of time and 
performance-based  conditions. The  stock  awards  of  retirement-eligible  participants  granted  prior  to  July  2,  2015 
generally will continue to fully vest on the originally scheduled vest date upon retirement from the Company. For stock 
awards of retirement-eligible employees granted on or after July 2, 2015, awards are generally earned ratably over the 
service period for each tranche. Accordingly, upon retirement the earned portion of the current tranche will continue 
to vest on the originally scheduled vest date and any remaining unearned portion of the award will be forfeited. Our 
equity award program includes a retirement provision that generally treats employees with a combination of age and 
years of services with the Company totaling 65 or greater, with a minimum required age of 55 and a minimum requirement 
of 5 years of service, as retirement-eligible. Upon exercise, stock-based compensation awards are settled with authorized 
but unissued company stock or treasury stock. 

The compensation expense that has been charged against income for these plans was as follows for the years ended 

December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015:

 
Stock-based compensation expense by type:
Restricted stock
Stock options

Total stock-based compensation expense
Tax benefit recognized

$

Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax $

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

145
12
157
(32)
125

$

$

106
9
115
(20)
95

$

$

99
10
109
(26)
83

Stock-based compensation expense for certain restricted stock in 2017 included a $29 million modification expense 

for certain awards. 

The tax benefit recognized in our consolidated financial statements is based on the amount of compensation expense 
recorded for book purposes, subject to limitations on the deductibility of annual compensation in excess of $500,000
per employee as mandated by the Health Care Reform Law. The actual tax benefit realized in our tax return is based 
on the intrinsic value, or the excess of the market value over the exercise or purchase price, of stock options exercised 
and restricted stock vested during the period, subject to limitations on the deductibility of annual compensation in 
excess of $500,000 per employee as mandated by the Health Care Reform Law. The actual tax benefit realized for the 
deductions taken on our tax returns from option exercises and restricted stock vesting totaled $68 million in 2017, $53 
million in 2016, and $34 million in 2015. There was no capitalized stock-based compensation expense during these 
years.

At December 31, 2017, there were 14.6 million shares reserved for stock award plans. These reserved shares 
included giving effect to, under the 2011 Plan, 5.4 million shares of common stock available for future grants assuming 
all stock options were granted or 2.4 million shares available for future grants assuming all restricted stock were 
granted. Shares may be issued from authorized but unissued company stock or treasury stock.

120

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Restricted Stock

Restricted stock is granted with a fair value equal to the market price of our common stock on the date of grant 
and generally vests three years from the date of grant. Restricted stock granted on or after July 2, 2015, generally vests 
in equal annual tranches over a three year period from the date of grant. Certain of our restricted stock grants also 
include performance-based conditions generally associated with return on invested capital and strategic membership 
growth. Restricted stock units have forfeitable dividend equivalent rights equal to the dividend paid on common stock. 
The weighted-average grant date fair value of our restricted stock was $222.35 in 2017, $168.12 in 2016, and $165.26
in 2015. Activity for our restricted stock was as follows for the year ended December 31, 2017:

 
Nonvested restricted stock at December 31, 2016

Granted
Vested
Forfeited

Nonvested restricted stock at December 31, 2017

Weighted-
Average

Grant-Date
Fair Value

Shares

(shares in thousands)

2,492
731
(1,386)
(184)
1,653

$

$

121.94
222.35
128.08
138.99
171.68

Approximately  19%  of  the  nonvested  restricted  stock  at  December  31,  2017  included  performance-based 

conditions.

The fair value of shares vested was $306 million during 2017, $253 million during 2016, and $153 million during 
2015.  Total  compensation  expense  not  yet  recognized  related  to  nonvested  restricted  stock  was  $133  million  at 
December 31,  2017.  We  expect  to  recognize  this  compensation  expense  over  a  weighted-average  period  of 
approximately 1.8 years. There are no other contractual terms covering restricted stock once vested.

Stock Options

Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying common stock 
on the date of grant. Our stock plans, as approved by the Board of Directors and stockholders, define fair market value 
as the average of the highest and lowest stock prices reported on the composite tape by the New York Stock Exchange 
on a given date. Exercise provisions vary, but most options vest in whole or in part 1 to 3 years after grant and expire 
7 years after grant.

The weighted-average fair value of each option granted during 2017, 2016, and 2015 is provided below. The fair 
value was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the weighted-average assumptions 
indicated below:

Weighted-average fair value at grant date
Expected option life (years)
Expected volatility
Risk-free interest rate at grant date
Dividend yield

$

$

2017

49.81
4.1 years
27.1%
2.0%
0.7%

$

2016

37.12
4.2 years
27.6%
1.1%
0.7%

2015

36.91
4.2 years
27.4%
1.4%
0.7%

When valuing employee stock options, we stratify the employee population into three homogeneous groups that 
historically have exhibited similar exercise behaviors. These groups are executive officers, directors, and all other 
employees. We value the stock options based on the unique assumptions for each of these employee groups.

121

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

We calculate the expected term for our employee stock options based on historical employee exercise behavior 
and base the risk-free interest rate on a traded zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond with a term substantially equal to the 
option’s expected term.

The volatility used to value employee stock options is based on historical volatility. We calculate historical volatility 
using a simple-average calculation methodology based on daily price intervals as measured over the expected term of 
the option.

Activity for our option plans was as follows for the year ended December 31, 2017:

 
Options outstanding at December 31, 2016

Granted
Exercised
Forfeited

Options outstanding at December 31, 2017
Options exercisable at December 31, 2017

Shares  Under

Option

Weighted-
Average

Exercise Price

(shares in thousands)

1,022
358
(492)
(25)
863
182

$

$
$

143.04
218.06
128.34
182.46
181.44
137.54

As of December 31, 2017, outstanding stock options, substantially all of which are expected to vest, had an aggregate 
intrinsic value of $57 million, and a weighted-average remaining contractual term of 5.0 years. As of December 31, 
2017, exercisable stock options had an aggregate intrinsic value of $20 million, and a weighted-average remaining 
contractual term of 3.5 years. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2017 was $44 million, compared 
with $18 million during 2016 and $28 million during 2015. Cash received from stock option exercises totaled $63 
million in 2017, $14 million in 2016, and $23 million in 2015.

Total compensation expense not yet recognized related to nonvested options was $18 million at December 31, 
2017. We expect to recognize this compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.8 years.

14. EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE COMPUTATION

Detail supporting the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share was as follows for the years 

ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

2017

2016

2015

 
Net income available for common stockholders
Weighted-average outstanding shares of common stock used to
    compute basic earnings per common share
Dilutive effect of:

Employee stock options
Restricted stock

Shares used to compute diluted earnings per common share
Basic earnings per common share
Diluted earnings per common share
Number of antidilutive stock options and restricted stock awards
    excluded from computation

$

$
$

122

(dollars in millions, except per
common share results, number of

shares/options in thousands)
$

614

$

2,448

144,493

149,375

172
920
145,585
16.94
16.81

539

$
$

219
1,323
150,917
4.11
4.07

748

$
$

1,276

149,455

192
1,495
151,142
8.54
8.44

415

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

15. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Dividends

The following table provides details of dividend payments, excluding dividend equivalent rights, in 2015, 2016, 

and 2017 under our Board approved quarterly cash dividend policy:

Payment

Date

2015
2016
2017

Amount
per Share

$1.14
$1.16
$1.49

Total
Amount

(in millions)

$170
$172
$216

On November 2, 2017, the Board declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share that was paid on January 26, 2018
to stockholders of record on December 29, 2017, for an aggregate amount of $55 million. Declaration and payment of 
future quarterly dividends is at the discretion of our Board and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions 
change. 

Stock Repurchases

In September 2014, our Board of Directors replaced a previous share repurchase authorization of up to $1 billion
(of which $816 million remained unused) with an authorization for repurchases of up to $2 billion of our common 
shares exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, which expired on December 31, 2016. 
Under the share repurchase authorization, shares may have been purchased from time to time at prevailing prices in 
the open market, by block purchases, through plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended, or in privately-negotiated transactions (including pursuant to accelerated share repurchase 
agreements with investment banks), subject to certain regulatory restrictions on volume, pricing, and timing. Pursuant 
to the Merger Agreement, after July 2, 2015, we were prohibited from repurchasing any of our outstanding securities 
without the prior written consent of Aetna, other than repurchases of shares of our common stock in connection with 
the exercise of outstanding stock options or the vesting or settlement of outstanding restricted stock awards. Accordingly, 
as announced on July 3, 2015, we suspended our share repurchase program.  

On February 14, 2017, we and Aetna agreed to mutually terminate the Merger Agreement. We also announced that 
the Board had approved a new authorization for share repurchases of up to $2.25 billion of our common stock exclusive 
of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, expiring on December 31, 2017.  

On February 16, 2017, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement, the February 2017 ASR, with 
Goldman, Sachs & Co. LLC, or Goldman Sachs, to repurchase $1.5 billion of our common stock as part of the $2.25 
billion share repurchase program referred to above. On February 22, 2017, we made a payment of $1.5 billion to 
Goldman Sachs from available cash on hand and received an initial delivery of 5.83 million shares of our common 
stock from Goldman Sachs based on the then current market price of Humana common stock. The payment to Goldman 
Sachs was recorded as a reduction to stockholders’ equity, consisting of a $1.2 billion increase in treasury stock, which 
reflected the value of the initial 5.83 million shares received upon initial settlement, and a $300 million decrease in 
capital in excess of par value, which reflected the value of stock held back by Goldman Sachs pending final settlement 
of the February 2017 ASR. Upon settlement of the February 2017 ASR on August 28, 2017, we received an additional 
0.84 million shares as determined by the average daily volume weighted-average share price of our common stock 
during the term of the agreement of $224.81, bringing the total shares received under this program to 6.67 million. In 
addition, upon settlement we reclassified the $300 million value of stock initially held back by Goldman Sachs from 
capital in excess of par value to treasury stock.  Subsequent to settlement of the February 2017 ASR, we repurchased 
an  additional  3.04  million  shares  in  the  open  market,  utilizing  the  remaining  $750  million  of  the  $2.25  billion
authorization prior to expiration.

123

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

On December 14, 2017, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our common 
shares expiring on December 31, 2020, exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans.
Under the share repurchase authorization, shares may be purchased from time to time at prevailing prices in the open 
market, by block purchases, through plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, or in privately-negotiated transactions, including pursuant to accelerated share repurchase agreements 
with investment banks, subject to certain regulatory restrictions on volume, pricing, and timing.

On December 21, 2017, we entered into an accelerated stock repurchase agreement, the December 2017 ASR, with 
Bank of America, N.A., or BofA, to repurchase $1.0 billion of our common stock as part of the $3.0 billion share 
repurchase program authorized on December 14, 2017. On December 22, 2017, we made a payment of $1.0 billion to 
BofA from available cash on hand and received an initial delivery of 3.28 million shares of our common stock from 
BofA based on the then current market price of Humana common stock. The payment to BofA was recorded as a 
reduction to stockholders’ equity, consisting of an $800 million increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of 
the initial 3.28 million shares received upon initial settlement, and a $200 million decrease in capital in excess of par 
value, which reflected the value of stock held back by BofA pending final settlement of the December 2017 ASR. The 
final number of shares that we may receive, or be required to remit, under the agreement will be determined based on 
the daily volume-weighted average share price of our common stock over the term of the agreement, less a discount 
and subject to adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement. Final settlement under the December 
2017 ASR is expected to occur by the end of the first quarter of 2018. The agreement contains provisions customary 
for agreements of this type, including provisions for adjustments to the transaction terms upon certain specified events, 
the circumstances generally under which final settlement may be accelerated or extended or the agreement may be 
terminated early by BofA or Humana, and various acknowledgements and representations made by the parties to each 
other. At final settlement, under certain circumstances, we may be entitled to receive additional shares of our common 
stock from BofA or we may be required to make a payment. If we are obligated to make payment, we may elect to 
satisfy such obligation in cash or shares of our common stock. 

Our remaining repurchase authorization was approximately $2.0 billion as of February 16, 2018, excluding the 

$200 million pending final settlement of our December 22, 2017 ASR.

Excluding shares acquired in connection with employee stock plans as well as 0.36 million shares received in 
March 2015 upon final settlement of our 2014 accelerated share repurchase agreement, for which no cash was paid 
during the period, share repurchases were as follows during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. 
Excluding shares acquired in connection with employee stock plans, there were no share repurchases in 2016.

Authorization Date

Purchase Not 

to Exceed

Shares

Cost

Shares

Cost

Shares

Cost

2017

2016

2015

(in millions)

September 2014
February 2017
December 2017
Total repurchases

$

2,000
2,250
3,000

— $ —
2,250
800
$3,050

9.71
3.28
12.99

— $ —
—
—
—
—
— $ —

1.85
—
—
1.85

$ 329
—
—
$ 329

In connection with employee stock plans, we acquired 0.5 million common shares for $115 million in 2017, 0.6 

million common shares for $104 million in 2016, and 0.3 million common shares for $56 million in 2015.

124

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Regulatory Requirements

Certain of our subsidiaries operate in states that regulate the payment of dividends, loans, or other cash transfers 
to Humana Inc., our parent company, and require minimum levels of equity as well as limit investments to approved 
securities. The amount of dividends that may be paid to Humana Inc. by these subsidiaries, without prior approval by 
state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity’s level of statutory income and statutory 
capital and surplus. In most states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend even if approval is not required.

Although minimum required levels of equity are largely based on premium volume, product mix, and the quality 
of assets held, minimum requirements vary significantly at the state level. Our state regulated insurances subsidiaries 
had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of approximately $8.0 billion and $7.7 billion as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively, which exceeded aggregate minimum regulatory requirements of $4.8 billion in both years. Subsidiary 
dividends are subject to state regulatory approval, the amount and timing of which could be reduced or delayed. 
Excluding Puerto Rico subsidiaries, the amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2018
is approximately $1.1 billion in the aggregate. This compares to dividends that were paid to our parent company in
2017 of approximately $1.4 billion. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital 
and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix.

16. COMMITMENTS, GUARANTEES AND CONTINGENCIES

Leases

We lease facilities, computer hardware, and other furniture and equipment under long-term operating leases that 
are noncancelable and expire on various dates through 2046. We sublease facilities or partial facilities to third party 
tenants for space not used in our operations. Rent with scheduled escalation terms are accounted for on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term. Rent expense and sublease rental income, which are recorded net as an operating cost, for 
all operating leases were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 
Rent expense
Sublease rental income

Net rent expense

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

$

204
(33)
171

$

$

179
(26)
153

$

$

201
(25)
176

Future annual minimum payments due subsequent to December 31, 2017 under all of our noncancelable operating 

leases with initial terms in excess of one year are as follows:

 
For the years ending December 31,:
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total

 

Minimum

Lease

Payments

Sublease
Rental
Receipts

(in millions)

Net  Lease

Commitments

152
129
89
58
39
52
519

$

$

(14) $
(13)
(10)
(8)
(7)
(51)
(103) $

138
116
79
50
32
1
416

$

$

125

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Purchase Obligations

We  have  agreements  to  purchase  services,  primarily  information  technology  related  services,  or  to  make 
improvements to real estate, in each case that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant 
terms, including: fixed or minimum levels of service to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; 
and the appropriate timing of the transaction. We have purchase obligation commitments of $226 million in 2018, $150 
million in 2019, $38 million in 2020, $8 million in 2021, and $7 million thereafter. Purchase obligations exclude 
agreements that are cancelable without penalty.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate or knowingly seek to participate in transactions that generate 
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance 
or special purpose entities, or SPEs, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet 
arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of December 31, 2017, we were not involved in 
any SPE transactions.

Guarantees and Indemnifications

Through indemnity agreements approved by the state regulatory authorities, certain of our regulated subsidiaries 
generally are guaranteed by Humana Inc., our parent company, in the event of insolvency for (1) member coverage for 
which premium payment has been made prior to insolvency; (2) benefits for members then hospitalized until discharged; 
and (3) payment to providers for services rendered prior to insolvency. Our parent also has guaranteed the obligations 
of our military services subsidiaries.

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into contractual arrangements under which we may agree to indemnify 
a third party to such arrangement from any losses incurred relating to the services they perform on behalf of us, or for 
losses arising from certain events as defined within the particular contract, which may include, for example, litigation 
or claims relating to past performance. Such indemnification obligations may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. 
Historically, payments made related to these indemnifications have been immaterial.

Government Contracts

Our Medicare products, which accounted for approximately 78% of our total premiums and services revenue for 
the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily consisted of products covered under the Medicare Advantage and Medicare 
Part D Prescription Drug Plan contracts with the federal government. These contracts are renewed generally for a 
calendar year term unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which the 
contract would end, or we notify CMS of our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar year 
in which the contract would end. All material contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare products 
have been renewed for 2018, and all of our product offerings filed with CMS for 2018 have been approved.

CMS uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according 
to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced 
Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more 
where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially 
determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing 
standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount 
is adjusted to reflect the health status of our enrolled membership. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA 
plans must collect and submit the necessary diagnosis code information from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, 
and physician providers to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data 
to calculate the risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS adjusts for coding pattern differences between 
the health plans and the government fee-for-service program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers 
in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to 
CMS as the basis for our payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these 
providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, 

126

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately 
reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. These compliance efforts include the internal contract 
level audits described in more detail below, as well as ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes. 

CMS is phasing-in the process of calculating risk scores using diagnoses data from the Risk Adjustment Processing 
System, or RAPS, to diagnoses data from the Encounter Data System, or EDS. The RAPS process requires MA plans 
to apply a filter logic based on CMS guidelines and only submit claims that satisfy those guidelines. For submissions 
through EDS, CMS requires MA plans to submit all the encounter data and CMS will apply the risk adjustment filtering 
logic to determine the risk scores. For 2016, 10% of the risk score was calculated from claims data submitted through 
EDS, increasing to 25% of the risk score calculated from claims data through EDS for 2017. In April 2017, CMS revised 
the pace of the phase-in. For 2018, 15% of the risk score will be calculated from claims data submitted through EDS. 
The phase-in from RAPS to EDS could result in different risk scores from each dataset as a result of plan processing 
issues, CMS processing issues, or filtering logic differences between RAPS and EDS, and could have a material adverse 
effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

CMS is continuing to perform audits of various companies’ selected MA contracts related to this risk adjustment 
diagnosis data. We refer to these audits as Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits, or RADV audits. RADV audits 
review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices which 
influence the calculation of premium payments to MA plans. 

In 2012, CMS released a “Notice of Final Payment Error Calculation Methodology for Part C Medicare Advantage 
Risk Adjustment  Data  Validation  (RADV)  Contract-Level Audits.”  The  payment  error  calculation  methodology 
provides that, in calculating the economic impact of audit results for an MA contract, if any, the results of the RADV 
audit sample will be extrapolated to the entire MA contract after a comparison of the audit results to a similar audit of 
Medicare FFS (we refer to the process of accounting for errors in FFS claims as the "FFS Adjuster"). This comparison 
of RADV audit results to the FFS error rate is necessary to determine the economic impact, if any, of RADV audit 
results because the government used the Medicare FFS program data set, including any attendant errors that are present 
in that data set, to estimate the costs of various health status conditions and to set the resulting adjustments to MA plans’ 
payment rates. CMS already makes other adjustments to payment rates based on a comparison of coding pattern 
differences between MA plans and Medicare FFS data (such as for frequency of coding for certain diagnoses in MA 
plan data versus the Medicare FFS program dataset). 

The final RADV extrapolation methodology, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to determine 
audit settlements, is expected to be applied to RADV contract level audits conducted for contract year 2011 and 
subsequent years. CMS is currently conducting RADV contract level audits for contract years 2011, 2012, and 2013 
in which two, five and five of our Medicare Advantage plans are being audited, respectively. Per CMS guidance, selected 
MA contracts will be notified of an audit at some point after the close of the final reconciliation for the payment year 
being audited.

Estimated audit settlements are recorded as a reduction of premiums revenue in our consolidated statements of 
income,  based  upon  available  information.  We  perform  internal  contract  level  audits  based  on  the  RADV  audit 
methodology prescribed by CMS. Included in these internal contract level audits is an audit of our Private Fee-For 
Service business which we used to represent a proxy of the FFS Adjuster which has not yet been released. We based 
our accrual of estimated audit settlements for each contract year on the results of these internal contract level audits 
and update our estimates as each audit is completed. Estimates derived from these results were not material to our 
results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We report the results of these internal contract level audits to 
CMS, including identified overpayments, if any. However, as indicated, we are awaiting additional guidance from CMS 
regarding the FFS Adjuster. Accordingly, we cannot determine whether such RADV audits will have a material adverse 
effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

In addition, as part of our internal compliance efforts, we routinely perform ordinary course reviews of our internal 
business processes related to, among other things, our risk coding and data submissions in connection with the risk-
adjustment model.  These reviews may also result in the identification of errors and the submission of corrections to 
CMS, that may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material.  As such, these ordinary course reviews may have 
a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

127

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

In  addition,  CMS'  comments  in  formalized  guidance  regarding  “overpayments”  to  MA  plans  appear  to  be 
inconsistent with CMS' prior RADV audit guidance. These statements, contained in the preamble to CMS’ final rule 
release regarding Medicare Advantage and Part D prescription drug benefit program regulations for Contract Year 2015, 
appear to equate each Medicare Advantage risk adjustment data error with an “overpayment” without reconciliation 
to the principles underlying the FFS Adjuster referenced above. We will continue to work with CMS to ensure that MA 
plans are paid accurately and that payment model principles are in accordance with the requirements of the Social 
Security Act, which, if not implemented correctly could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, 
financial position, or cash flows. 

Our military services business, which accounted for approximately 1% of our total premiums and services revenue 
for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily consisted of the T3 TRICARE South Region contract. The 5-year T3 
South Region contract expired on December 31, 2017. On July 21, 2016, we were notified by the Defense Health 
Agency, or DHA, that we were awarded the contract for the new TRICARE T2017 East Region. The T2017 East Region 
contract is a consolidation of the former T3 North and South Regions, comprising thirty-two states and approximately 
six million TRICARE beneficiaries, with delivery of health care services commencing on January 1, 2018. The T2017 
East contract is a 5-year contract set to expire on December 31, 2022 and is subject to renewals on January 1 of each 
year during its term at the government's option.  

Our state-based Medicaid business accounted for approximately 5% of our total premiums and services revenue 
for the year ended December 31, 2017. In addition to our state-based Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, or 
TANF, Medicaid contracts in Florida and Kentucky, we have contracts in Florida for Long Term Support Services 
(LTSS), and in Illinois for stand-alone dual eligible demonstration programs serving individuals dually eligible for both 
the federal Medicare program and the applicable state-based Medicaid program. We previously had an Integrated Care 
Program Medicaid contract in Illinois, and a stand-alone dual eligible demonstration program in Virginia, both of which 
terminated at December 31, 2017.

The loss of any of the contracts above or significant changes in these programs as a result of legislative or regulatory 
action, including reductions in premium payments to us, regulatory restrictions on profitability, including by comparison 
of our Medicare Advantage profitability to our non-Medicare Advantage business profitability and a requirement that 
they remain within certain ranges of each other, or increases in member benefits without corresponding increases in 
premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash 
flows.

Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters

Florida Matters

On January 6, 2012, the Civil Division of the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida 
advised us that it is seeking documents and information from us and several of our affiliates relating to several matters 
including the coding of medical claims by one or more South Florida medical providers, and loans to physician practices. 
On May 1, 2014, the U.S. Attorney's Office filed a Notice of Non-Intervention in connection with a civil qui tam suit 
related to one of these matters captioned United States of America ex rel. Olivia Graves v. Plaza Medical Centers, et 
al., and the Court ordered the complaint unsealed. All parties to the lawsuit and the United States have executed a 
settlement agreement to settle the plaintiff’s claims for damages and penalties, with Humana paying an amount that is 
not material to our results of operations, and the court has closed the case. 

As  previously  disclosed,  the  Civil  Division  of  the  United  States  Department  of  Justice  provided  us  with  an 
information request in December 2014, separate from but related to the Plaza Medical matter, concerning our Medicare 
Part C risk adjustment practices. The request relates to our oversight and submission of risk adjustment data generated 
by providers in our Medicare Advantage network, including the providers identified in the now settled Plaza Medical 
matter, as well as to our business and compliance practices related to risk adjustment data generated by our providers 
and by us, including medical record reviews conducted as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, 
the use of health and well-being assessments, and our fraud detection efforts. We believe that this request for information 
is in connection with a wider review of Medicare Risk Adjustment generally that includes a number of Medicare 
Advantage plans, providers and vendors. We continue to cooperate with and voluntarily respond to the information 

128

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

requests from the Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney’s Office. These matters are expected to result in additional 
qui tam litigation.

On January 19, 2016, an individual filed a qui tam suit captioned United States of America ex rel. Steven Scott v. 
Humana, Inc., in United States District Court, Central District of California, Western Division. The complaint alleges 
certain civil violations by us in connection with the actuarial equivalence of the plan benefits under Humana’s Basic 
PDP plan, a prescription drug plan offered by us under Medicare Part D, as compared to required benefit levels under 
applicable bid rules. The action seeks damages and penalties on behalf of the United States under the False Claims Act. 
The court ordered the qui tam action unsealed on September 13, 2017, so that the relator can proceed, following notice 
from the U.S. Government that it is not intervening at this time. We take seriously our obligations to comply with 
applicable CMS requirements and actuarial best principles, and we intend to vigorously defend against these allegations.

On November 2, 2017, we filed suit against the United States of America in the United States Court of Federal 
Claims, on behalf of our health plans seeking recovery from the federal government of approximately $611 million in 
payments under the risk corridor premium stabilization program established under the Health Care Reform Law, for 
years 2014, 2015 and 2016. We have not recognized revenue, nor have we recorded a receivable, for any amount due 
from the federal government for unpaid risk corridor payments as of December 31, 2017. We have fully recognized all 
liabilities due to the federal government that we have incurred under the risk corridor program, and have paid all amounts 
due to the federal government as required. There is no assurance that we will prevail in the lawsuit.

Other Lawsuits and Regulatory Matters

 
Our current and past business practices are subject to review or other investigations by various state insurance and 
health care regulatory authorities and other state and federal regulatory authorities. These authorities regularly scrutinize 
the business practices of health insurance, health care delivery and benefits companies. These reviews focus on numerous 
facets of our business, including claims payment practices, statutory capital requirements, provider contracting, risk 
adjustment, competitive practices, commission payments, privacy issues, utilization management practices, pharmacy 
benefits, access to care, and sales practices, among others. Some of these reviews have historically resulted in fines 
imposed on us and some have required changes to some of our practices. We continue to be subject to these reviews, 
which could result in additional fines or other sanctions being imposed on us or additional changes in some of our 
practices.

We also are involved in various other lawsuits that arise, for the most part, in the ordinary course of our business
operations, certain of which may be styled as class-action lawsuits. Among other matters, this litigation may include 
employment  matters,  claims  of  medical  malpractice,  bad  faith,  nonacceptance  or  termination  of  providers, 
anticompetitive practices, improper rate setting, provider contract rate and payment disputes, including disputes over 
reimbursement rates required by statute, general contractual matters, intellectual property matters, and challenges to 
subrogation practices. For example, a number of hospitals and other providers have asserted that, under their network 
provider contracts, we are not entitled to reduce Medicare Advantage payments to these providers in connection with 
changes in Medicare payment systems and in accordance with the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control 
Act of 1985, as amended (commonly referred to as “sequestration”). Those challenges have led and could lead to 
arbitration demands or other litigation. Also, under state guaranty assessment laws, including those related to state 
cooperative  failures  in  the  industry,  we  may  be  assessed  (up  to  prescribed  limits)  for  certain  obligations  to  the 
policyholders and claimants of insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or lines of business as we do. 

As a government contractor, we may also be subject to qui tam litigation brought by individuals who seek to sue 
on behalf of the government, alleging that the government contractor submitted false claims to the government including, 
among other allegations, those resulting from coding and review practices under the Medicare risk adjustment model. 
Qui tam litigation is filed under seal to allow the government an opportunity to investigate and to decide if it wishes 
to intervene and assume control of the litigation. If the government does not intervene, the lawsuit is unsealed, and the
individual may continue to prosecute the action on his or her own, on behalf of the government. We also are subject to 
other allegations of non-performance of contractual obligations to providers, members, and others, including failure 
to  properly  pay  claims,  improper  policy  terminations,  challenges  to  our  implementation  of  the  Medicare  Part  D 
prescription drug program and other litigation.

129

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

A limited number of the claims asserted against us are subject to insurance coverage. Personal injury claims, claims 
for extra contractual damages, care delivery malpractice, and claims arising from medical benefit denials are covered 
by insurance from our wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary and excess carriers, except to the extent that claimants 
seek punitive damages, which may not be covered by insurance in certain states in which insurance coverage for punitive 
damages is not permitted. In addition, insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability has become increasingly 
costly and may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.

We record accruals for the contingencies discussed in the sections above to the extent that we conclude it is probable 
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. No estimate of the possible 
loss or range of loss in excess of amounts accrued, if any, can be made at this time regarding the matters specifically 
described above because of the inherently unpredictable nature of legal proceedings, which also may be exacerbated 
by  various  factors,  including:  (i) the  damages  sought  in  the  proceedings  are  unsubstantiated  or  indeterminate; 
(ii) discovery is not complete; (iii) the proceeding is in its early stages; (iv) the matters present legal uncertainties; 
(v) there are significant facts in dispute; (vi) there are a large number of parties (including where it is uncertain how 
liability, if any, will be shared among multiple defendants); or (vii) there is a wide range of potential outcomes.

The outcome of any current or future litigation or governmental or internal investigations, including the matters 
described above  and other ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes, cannot be accurately predicted, 
nor can we predict any resulting judgments, penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed at the discretion 
of federal or state regulatory authorities or as a result of actions by third parties. Nevertheless, it is reasonably possible 
that any such outcome of litigation, investigations, internal reviews, judgments, penalties, fines or other sanctions could 
be substantial, and the outcome of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial 
position, and cash flows, and may also affect our reputation.

17. SEGMENT INFORMATION

During the first quarter of 2017, we realigned certain of our businesses among our reportable segments to correspond 
with internal management reporting changes corresponding to those used by our chief operating decision maker to 
evaluate results of operations and our previously announced planned exit from the Individual Commercial medical 
business on January 1, 2018. Additionally, we renamed our Group segment to the Group and Specialty segment, and 
began presenting the Individual Commercial business results as a separate segment rather than as part of the Retail 
segment.  Specialty  health  insurance  benefits,  including  dental,  vision,  other  supplemental  health,  and  financial 
protection products, marketed to individuals are now included in the Group and Specialty segment. Specialty health 
insurance benefits marketed to employer groups continue to be included in the Group and Specialty segment. As a 
result of this realignment, our reportable segments now include Retail, Group and Specialty, Healthcare Services, and 
Individual Commercial. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2017 presentation.

We manage our business with four reportable segments: Retail, Group and Specialty, Healthcare Services, and 
Individual  Commercial.  In  addition,  the  Other  Businesses  category  includes  businesses  that  are  not  individually 
reportable because they do not meet the quantitative thresholds required by generally accepted accounting principles. 
These segments are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on 
well-being  solutions  for  our  health  plans  and  other  customers,  as  described  below. These  segment  groupings  are 
consistent with information used by our Chief Executive Officer to assess performance and allocate resources. 

The Retail segment consists of Medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group accounts. In 
addition, the Retail segment also includes our contract with CMS to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible 
Transition, or LI-NET, prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual 
eligible, and Long-Term Support Services benefits, which we refer to collectively as our state-based contracts. The 
Group  and  Specialty  segment  consists  of  employer  group  commercial  fully-insured  medical  and  specialty  health 
insurance benefits marketed to individuals and employer groups, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health 
and voluntary insurance benefits, and financial protection products, as well as administrative services only, or ASO 
products. In addition, our Group and Specialty segment includes military services business, primarily our TRICARE 
contract. The Healthcare Services segment includes services offered to our health plan members as well as to third 
parties, including pharmacy solutions, provider services, and clinical care service, such as home health and other services 

130

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

and capabilities to promote wellness and advance population health. The Individual Commercial segment consists of 
our individual commercial fully-insured medical health insurance benefits. We report under the category of Other 
Businesses those businesses that do not align with the reportable segments described above, primarily our closed-block 
long-term care insurance policies.  

Our  Healthcare  Services  intersegment  revenues  primarily  relate  to  managing  prescription  drug  coverage  for 
members of our other segments through Humana Pharmacy Solutions®, or HPS, and includes the operations of Humana 
Pharmacy, Inc., our mail order pharmacy business. These revenues consist of the prescription price (ingredient cost 
plus dispensing fee), including the portion to be settled with the member (co-share) or with the government (subsidies), 
plus any associated administrative fees. Services revenues related to the distribution of prescriptions by third party 
retail pharmacies in our networks are recognized when the claim is processed and product revenues from dispensing 
prescriptions from our mail order pharmacies are recorded when the prescription or product is shipped. Our pharmacy 
operations, which are responsible for designing pharmacy benefits, including defining member co-share responsibilities, 
determining formulary listings, contracting with retail pharmacies, confirming member eligibility, reviewing drug 
utilization, and processing claims, act as a principal in the arrangement on behalf of members in our other segments. 
As principal, our Healthcare Services segment reports revenues on a gross basis, including co-share amounts from 
members collected by third party retail pharmacies at the point of service.

In addition, our Healthcare Services intersegment revenues include revenues earned by certain owned providers 
derived  from  risk-based  and  non-risk-based  managed  care  agreements  with  our  health  plans.  Under  risk  based 
agreements, the provider receives a monthly capitated fee that varies depending on the demographics and health status 
of the member, for each member assigned to these owned providers by our health plans. The owned provider assumes 
the economic risk of funding the assigned members’ healthcare services. Under non risk-based agreements, our health 
plans retain the economic risk of funding the assigned members' healthcare services. Our Healthcare Services segment 
reports provider services revenues associated with risk-based agreements on a gross basis, whereby capitation fee 
revenue is recognized in the period in which the assigned members are entitled to receive healthcare services. Provider 
services revenues associated with non-risk-based agreements are presented net of associated healthcare costs.

We present our consolidated results of operations from the perspective of the health plans. As a result, the cost of 
providing benefits to our members, whether provided via a third party provider or internally through a stand-alone 
subsidiary, is classified as benefits expense and excludes the portion of the cost for which the health plans do not bear 
responsibility, including member co-share amounts and government subsidies of $13.5 billion in 2017, $13.4 billion
in 2016, and $12.3 billion in 2015. In addition, depreciation and amortization expense associated with certain businesses 
in our Healthcare Services segment delivering benefits to our members, primarily associated with our provider services 
and pharmacy operations, are included with benefits expense. The amount of this expense was $107 million in 2017, 
$111 million in 2016, and $92 million in 2015. 

Other than those described previously, the accounting policies of each segment are the same and are described in 
Note 2. Transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our Healthcare 
Services segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and clinical care services, to our Retail, Group and Specialty, and 
Individual Commercial segment customers. Intersegment sales and expenses are recorded at fair value and eliminated 
in consolidation. Members served by our segments often use the same provider networks, enabling us in some instances 
to obtain more favorable contract terms with providers. Our segments also share indirect costs and assets. As a result, 
the profitability of each segment is interdependent. We allocate most operating expenses to our segments. Assets and 
certain corporate income and expenses are not allocated to the segments, including the portion of investment income 
not supporting segment operations, interest expense on corporate debt, and certain other corporate expenses. These 
items are managed at a corporate level. These corporate amounts are reported separately from our reportable segments 
and are included with intersegment eliminations in the tables presenting segment results below.

131

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
Our segment results were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015:

Humana Inc.

Retail

Group and 
Specialty

Healthcare
Services

Individual
Commercial

Other

Businesses

Eliminations/
Corporate

Consolidated

(in millions)

 
2017
Revenues—external customers

Premiums:

Individual Medicare
Advantage
Group Medicare
Advantage
Medicare stand-alone
PDP

Total Medicare

Fully-insured
Specialty
Medicaid and other
Total premiums

Services revenue:

Provider
ASO and other
Pharmacy

Total services
revenue

Total revenues—external
customers
Intersegment revenues

Services
Products

Total intersegment revenues
Investment income
Total revenues

Operating expenses:

Benefits
Operating costs
Merger termination fee
and related costs, net
Depreciation and
amortization

Total operating
expenses
Income (loss) from
operations
Interest expense
Income (loss) before income
taxes

$32,720

$

— $

— $

— $

— $

— $

32,720

5,155

3,702
41,577
478
—
2,571
44,626

—
10
—

10

—

—
—
5,462
1,310
—
6,772

—
626
—

626

44,636

7,398

—
—
—
90
44,726

38,218
4,292

—

238

20
—
20
31
7,449

5,363
1,590

—

84

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

258
—
80

338

338

17,293
6,292
23,585
35
23,958

—
22,848

—

143

42,748

7,037

22,991

1,978
—

$ 1,978

$

412
—

412

$

967
—

967

$

—

—
—
947
—
—
947

—
—
—

—

947

—
—
—
4
951

544
201

—

13

758

193
—

193

—

—
—
—
—
35
35

—
8
—

8

43

—
—
—
87
130

131
12

—

—

143

(13)
—

$

(13) $

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—

—

—

(17,313)
(6,292)
(23,605)
158
(23,447)

(760)
(22,376)

(936)

(100)

5,155

3,702
41,577
6,887
1,310
2,606
52,380

258
644
80

982

53,362

—
—
—
405
53,767

43,496
6,567

(936)

378

(24,172)

49,505

725
242

483

$

4,262
242

4,020

Premium and services revenues derived from our contracts with the federal government, as a percentage of our 
total premium and services revenues, was approximately 79% for 2017, compared to 75% for 2016, and 73% for 2015.

132

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Retail

Group and 
Specialty

Healthcare
Services

Individual
Commercial

Other

Businesses

Eliminations/
Corporate

Consolidated

(in millions)

 
2016
Revenues—external customers

Premiums:

$31,863

$

— $

— $

— $

— $

— $

31,863

Individual Medicare
Advantage
Group Medicare
Advantage
Medicare stand-alone
PDP

Total Medicare

Fully-insured
Specialty
Medicaid and other

Total premiums

Services revenue:

Provider
ASO and other
Pharmacy

Total services
revenue

Total revenues—external
customers
Intersegment revenues

Services
Products

Total intersegment revenues
Investment income
Total revenues

Operating expenses:

Benefits
Operating costs
Merger termination fee
and related costs, net
Depreciation and
amortization

Total operating
expenses

Income (loss) from
operations
Interest expense
Income (loss) before income
taxes

4,283

4,009
40,155
428
—
2,640
43,223

—
6
—

6

—

—
—
5,405
1,279
12
6,696

—
643
—

643

43,229

7,339

—
—
—
90
43,319

36,783
4,650

—

196

22
—
22
25
7,386

5,233
1,727

—

82

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

278
1
31

310

310

18,979
5,993
24,972
30
25,312

—
24,073

—

143

41,629

7,042

24,216

1,690
—

$ 1,690

$

344
—

344

1,096
—

—

—
—
3,064
—
—
3,064

—
—
—

—

3,064

—
—
—
5
3,069

3,301
601

—

36

3,938

(869)
—

—

—
—
—
—
38
38

—
10
—

10

48

—
—
—
66
114

617
16

—

1

634

(520)
—

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—

—

—

(19,001)
(5,993)
(24,994)
173
(24,821)

(927)
(23,894)

104

(104)

4,283

4,009
40,155
8,897
1,279
2,690
53,021

278
660
31

969

53,990

—
—
—
389
54,379

45,007
7,173

104

354

(24,821)

52,638

—
189

1,741
189

1,552

$

1,096

$

(869) $

(520) $

(189) $

Premiums revenue for our Individual Commercial segment for 2016 includes a reduction of $583 million associated 

with the write-off of commercial risk corridor receivables as discussed more fully in Note 7.

Benefits expense for Other Businesses for 2016 includes $505 million for reserve strengthening associated with 

our closed block of long-term care insurance policies as discussed more fully in Note 18.

133

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Retail

Group and 
Specialty

Healthcare
Services

Individual
Commercial

Other

Businesses

Eliminations/
Corporate

Consolidated

(in millions)

 
2015
Revenues—external customers

Premiums:

Individual Medicare
Advantage
Group Medicare
Advantage
Medicare stand-alone
PDP

Total Medicare

Fully-insured
Specialty
Medicaid and other

Total premiums

Services revenue:

Provider
ASO and other
Pharmacy

Total services
revenue

Total revenues—external
customers
Intersegment revenues

Services
Products

Total intersegment revenues
Investment income
Total revenues

Operating expenses:

Benefits
Operating costs
Merger termination fee
and related costs, net
Depreciation and
amortization

Total operating
expenses

Income (loss) from
operations
Gain on sale of business
Interest expense
Income (loss) before income
taxes

$29,526

$

— $

— $

— $

— $

— $

29,526

5,588

3,846
38,960
304
—
2,341
41,605

—
8
—

8

—

—
—
5,493
1,316
21
6,830

—
658
—

658

41,613

7,488

—
—
—
122
41,735

36,052
4,267

—

157

20
—
20
34
7,542

5,382
1,755

—

84

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

695
1
30

726

726

18,127
4,923
23,050
—
23,776

—
22,598

—

156

—

—
—
3,939
—
—
3,939

—
—
—

—

3,939

—
—
—
4
3,943

3,589
756

—

31

—

—
—
—
—
35
35

—
14
—

14

49

—
—
—
76
125

87
14

—

—

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—

—

—

(18,147)
(4,923)
(23,070)
238
(22,832)

(841)
(22,095)

23

(73)

5,588

3,846
38,960
9,736
1,316
2,397
52,409

695
681
30

1,406

53,815

—
—
—
474
54,289

44,269
7,295

23

355

40,476

7,221

22,754

4,376

101

(22,986)

51,942

1,259
—
—

$ 1,259

$

321
—
—

321

1,022
—
—

(433)
—
—

$

1,022

$

(433) $

24
—
—

24

$

154
270
186

238

$

2,347
270
186

2,431

Benefits expense for the Individual Commercial segment for 2015 includes $176 million for a provision for probable 
future losses (premium deficiency) for individual commercial medical business compliant with the Health Care Reform 
Law for the 2016 coverage year as discussed more fully in Note 7.

134

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

18. EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH LONG-DURATION INSURANCE PRODUCTS

Humana Inc.

Premiums associated with our long-duration insurance products accounted for less than 1% of our consolidated 
premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017. We use long-duration accounting for products 
such as long-term care, life insurance, annuities, and certain health and other supplemental policies sold to individuals 
because they are expected to remain in force for an extended period beyond one year and because premium received 
in the earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. As a result, we defer policy 
acquisition costs, primarily consisting of commissions, and amortize them over the estimated life of the policies in 
proportion to premiums earned.

In addition, we establish reserves for future policy benefits in recognition of the fact that some of the premium 
received in the earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. At policy issuance, 
these reserves are recognized on a net level premium method based on premium rate increase, interest rate, mortality, 
morbidity, persistency (the percentage of policies remaining in-force), and maintenance expense assumptions. The 
assumptions used to determine the liability for future policy benefits are established and locked in at the time each 
contract is issued and only change if our expected future experience deteriorates to the point that the level of the liability, 
together with the present value of future gross premiums, are not adequate to provide for future expected policy benefits 
and maintenance costs (i.e. the loss recognition date). As discussed in Note 2, beginning in 2014, health policies sold 
to individuals that conform to the Health Care Reform Law are accounted for under a short-duration model because 
premiums received in the current year are intended to pay anticipated benefits in that year.

The table below presents deferred acquisition costs and future policy benefits payable associated with our long-

duration insurance products for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.

 

 
 
Other long-term assets
Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses
Long-term liabilities

Total asset (liability)

$

$

2017

2016

Deferred
acquisition

costs

Future policy

benefits
payable

Deferred
acquisition

costs

Future policy

benefits
payable

103
—
—
103

$

$

(in millions)
— $
(56)
(2,923)
(2,979) $

119
—
—
119

$

$

—
(62)
(2,834)
(2,896)

In addition, future policy benefits payable include amounts of $199 million at December 31, 2017 and $201 million 

at December 31, 2016 which are subject to 100% coinsurance agreements as more fully described in Note 19.

Benefit expense reflects a net reduction of $22 million in 2017, a net increase of $439 million in 2016 and a net 
reduction of $80 million in 2015. All three years include the effect of the release of reserves as Individual Commercial 
medical members transitioned to plans compliant with the Health Care Reform Law. In addition, 2016 reflects the net 
change of $505 million associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies discussed further below. 
Amortization of deferred acquisition costs included in operating costs was $71 million in 2017, $67 million in 2016, 
and $63 million in 2015, which includes the effect of accelerating deferred acquisition amortization costs of existing 
previously underwritten members transitioning to policies compliant with the Health Care Reform Law with us and 
other carriers.

Future policy benefits payable include $2.3 billion at December 31, 2017 and  $2.2 billion at December 31, 2016
associated with a non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance policies acquired in connection with the 2007 
acquisition of KMG. Future policy benefits payable includes amounts charged to accumulated other comprehensive 
income for an additional liability that would exist on our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies if unrealized 
gains on the sale of the investments backing such products had been realized and the proceeds reinvested at then current 
yields. There was a $168 million additional liability at December 31, 2017 and $77 million additional liability at 
December 31, 2016. Amounts charged to accumulated other comprehensive income are net of applicable deferred taxes.

135

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

Long-term care insurance policies provide nursing home and home health coverage for which premiums are 
collected many years in advance of benefits paid, if any. Therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge many 
years after assumptions have been established. The risk of a deviation of the actual premium rate increase, interest, 
morbidity,  mortality,  persistency,  and  maintenance  expense  assumptions  from  those  assumed  in  our  reserves  are 
particularly significant to our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. We monitor the loss experience of 
these long-term care insurance policies and, when necessary, apply for premium rate increases through a regulatory 
filing and approval process in the jurisdictions in which such products were sold. To the extent premium rate increases, 
interest rates, and/or loss experience vary from our loss recognition date assumptions, material future adjustments to 
reserves could be required.

During 2016, we recorded a loss for a premium deficiency. The premium deficiency was based on current and 
anticipated experience that had deteriorated from our locked-in assumptions from the previous December 31, 2013 loss 
recognition date, particularly as they related to emerging experience indicating longer claims duration, a prolonged 
lower interest rate environment, and an increase in policyholder life expectancies. Based on this deterioration, we 
determined that our existing future policy benefits payable, together with the present value of future gross premiums, 
associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies were not adequate to provide for future policy 
benefits and maintenance costs under these policies; therefore we unlocked and modified our assumptions based on 
current  expectations. Accordingly,  during  2016  we  recorded  $505  million  of  additional  benefits  expense,  with  a 
corresponding  increase  in  future  policy  benefits  payable  of  $659  million  partially  offset  by  a  related  reinsurance 
recoverable of $154 million included in other long-term assets. During 2017, we performed loss recognition testing 
comparing our existing future policy benefits payable with the present value of future gross premiums associated with 
our closed block of long-term care insurance policies and determined that no premium deficiency existed at December 
31, 2017.

Deferred acquisition costs included $3 million and $16 million associated with our individual commercial medical 
policies at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. Future policy benefits payable associated with 
our individual commercial medical policies were $19 million at December 31, 2017 and $86 million at December 31, 
2016. The decline in deferred acquisition costs and future policy benefits payable primarily reflects the effect of existing 
previously underwritten members transitioning to policies compliant with the Health Care Reform Law with us and 
other carriers.

On November 6, 2017, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the stock of our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
KMG to CGIC, a Texas-based insurance company wholly owned by HC2 Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company. 
KMG’s subsidiary, KIC, includes our closed block of non-strategic commercial long-term care insurance policies. For 
a detailed discussion refer to Note 2. 

19. REINSURANCE 

Certain blocks of insurance assumed in acquisitions, primarily life, long-term care, and annuities in run-off status, 
are subject to reinsurance where some or all of the underwriting risk related to these policies has been ceded to a third 
party. In addition, a large portion of our reinsurance takes the form of 100% coinsurance agreements where, in addition 
to all of the underwriting risk, all administrative responsibilities, including premium collections and claim payment, 
have also been ceded to a third party. We acquired these policies and related reinsurance agreements with the purchase 
of stock of companies in which the policies were originally written. We acquired these companies for business reasons 
unrelated to these particular policies, including the companies’ other products and licenses necessary to fulfill strategic 
plans. 

A reinsurance agreement between two entities transfers the underwriting risk of policyholder liabilities to a reinsurer 
while the primary insurer retains the contractual relationship with the ultimate insured. As such, these reinsurance 
agreements do not completely relieve us of our potential liability to the ultimate insured. However, given the transfer 
of underwriting risk, our potential liability is limited to the credit exposure which exists should the reinsurer be unable 
to meet its obligations assumed under these reinsurance agreements.

Reinsurance recoverables represent the portion of future policy benefits payable and benefits payable that are 
covered by reinsurance. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with the methods 

136

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Humana Inc.

used to determine future policy benefits payable as detailed in Note 2. Excluding reinsurance associated with the Health 
Care Reform Law discussed in Note 2, reinsurance recoverables, included in other current and long-term assets, were 
$824 million at December 31, 2017 and $822 million at December 31, 2016. The percentage of these reinsurance 
recoverables  resulting  from  100%  coinsurance  agreements  was  approximately  33%  at  December 31,  2017  and 
approximately 34% at December 31, 2016. Premiums ceded were $969 million in 2017, $842 million in 2016 and $821 
million in 2015. Benefits ceded were $844 million in 2017, $767 million in 2016, and $666 million in 2015. Ceded 
premium and benefits reflect a July 1, 2014 amendment ceding all risk under a Medicaid contract to a third party 
reinsurer.

We evaluate the financial condition of these reinsurers on a regular basis. These reinsurers are well-known and 

well-established, as evidenced by the strong financial ratings at December 31, 2017 presented below:

Reinsurer
 
Munich American Reassurance Company
Protective Life Insurance Company
Westport Insurance Corporation, a Swiss
Re Corporation subsidiary
General Re Life Corporation, a Berkshire
Hathaway subsidiary
All others

Total

Recoverable
(in millions)

 

A.M. Best Rating

at December 31, 2017

$

$

259
181

134

133
117
824

A+ (superior)
A+ (superior)
A+ (superior)

A++ (superior)
A+ to  A- (superior to excellent)

The all other category represents 18 reinsurers with individual balances less than $71 million. Three of these 
reinsurers with recoverables of $87 million are subject to trust or funds withheld accounts, requiring amounts at least 
equal to the total recoverable from each of these reinsurers.

137

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Humana Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Humana Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 
31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity 
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, including the related notes and 
financial  statement  schedules  listed  in  the  index  appearing  under  Item  15(a)(2)  (collectively  referred  to  as  the 
“consolidated financial statements”).  We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as 
of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for 
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, 
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal 
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal 
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, 
included  in  Management's  Report  on  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting  appearing  under  Item  9A.  Our 
responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal 
control over financial reporting based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company 
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material 
misstatement,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud,  and  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was 
maintained in all material respects.  

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used 
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing 
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable 
basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions 
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations 

138

of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on 
the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (signed)
Louisville, Kentucky
February 16, 2018 

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1968. 

139

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Humana Inc.

(Unaudited)

A summary of our quarterly unaudited results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 

follows:

 
 
Total revenues
Income before income taxes
Net income
Basic earnings per common share (1)
Diluted earnings per common share (1)

 
 
Total revenues
Income (loss) before income taxes
Net income (loss)
Basic earnings (loss) per common share
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share (1)

2017

First

Second

Third

Fourth

(in millions, except per share results)

13,762
1,689
1,115
7.54
7.49

$

$
$

13,534
1,042
650
4.49
4.46

$

$
$

2016

13,282
799
499
3.46
3.44

$

$
$

13,189
490
184
1.30
1.29

First

Second

Third

Fourth (2)(3)

(in millions, except per share results)

13,800
500
254
1.70
1.68

$

$
$

14,007
636
311
2.08
2.06

$

$
$

13,694
902
450
3.01
2.98

$

$
$

12,878
(486)
(401)
(2.68)
(2.68)

$

$
$

$

$
$

(1)  The calculation of earnings per common share is based on the weighted average shares outstanding during each 
quarter and, accordingly, the sum may not equal the total for the year.  For 2017, the sum of quarterly amounts do 
not equal full year results due to share repurchases throughout the year including two different accelerated share 
repurchase programs. In addition, for 2016, the sum of quarterly amounts do not equal full year results due to the 
anti-dilutive impact of a loss in the fourth quarter. The loss position in the fourth quarter required the use of basic 
weighted-average common shares outstanding in the calculation of diluted loss per share. 

(2)  The fourth quarter of 2016 includes an expense of $505 million ($318 million after tax, or $2.11 per diluted common 

share) for reserve strengthening associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. 

(3)  Total  revenue for 2016 includes a reduction of $583 million ($367 million after-tax, or $2.43 per diluted common 

share) in premiums associated with the write-off of risk corridor receivables. 

140

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Management’s Responsibility for Financial Statements and Other Information

We are responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements appearing in our 
Annual Report. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States and include amounts based on our estimates and judgments. All other financial information 
in this report has been presented on a basis consistent with the information included in the financial statements.

Our control environment is the foundation for our system of internal control over financial reporting and is embodied 
in our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which we currently refer to as the Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day. It sets 
the tone of our organization and includes factors such as integrity and ethical values. Our internal control over financial 
reporting is supported by formal policies and procedures which are reviewed, modified and improved as changes occur 
in business conditions and operations.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent outside directors, meets 
periodically with members of management, the internal auditors and our independent registered public accounting firm 
to review and discuss internal controls over financial reporting and accounting and financial reporting matters. Our 
independent registered public accounting firm and internal auditors report to the Audit Committee and accordingly 
have full and free access to the Audit Committee at any time.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company, 
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to members of senior management and the Board of Directors.

Based on our evaluation as of December 31, 2017, we as the principal executive officer and the principal financial 
officer and the principal accounting officer of the Company have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls 
and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required 
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is 
recorded, processed, summarized and reported as specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined 
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting 
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation 
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s 
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the 
company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the 
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
(iii) provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

141

We assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017. 
In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we determined 
that, as of December 31, 2017, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those 
criteria.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 has been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, who also audited the Company’s 
consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as stated in their report which appears 
on page 138.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended 
December 31, 2017 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal 
control over financial reporting.

Bruce D. Broussard
President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

Brian A. Kane
Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

Cynthia H. Zipperle
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

142

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

PART III

Directors

The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018 appearing under the caption “Proposal One: Election 
of Directors” in such Proxy Statement.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

Set forth below are names and ages of all of our current executive officers as of February 1, 2018, their positions, 

and the date first elected an officer:

Name
Bruce D. Broussard

Age
55

Position
President and Chief Executive Officer, Director

Roy A. Beveridge, M.D.

Beth Bierbower

Jody L. Bilney
Sam Deshpande

William Fleming,
PharmD

Christopher H. Hunter

Timothy S. Huval

Brian A. Kane

Brian P. LeClaire

Heidi S. Margulis

Christopher M. Todoroff

Alan Wheatley

Cynthia H. Zipperle

60

59

56
54

50

49

51

45

57

64

55

50

55

Chief Medical Officer

Segment President, Group Business

Chief Consumer Officer
Chief Risk Officer

Segment President, Healthcare Services

Chief Strategy Officer

Chief Human Resources Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Information Officer

Chief Corporate Affairs Officer

Chief Legal Counsel

Segment President, Retail

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer

First
Elected
Officer

 

12/11 (1)

06/13

03/17

04/13
07/17

03/17

01/14

12/12

06/14

(2)

(3)

(4)
(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

08/11 (10)

12/95

(11)

08/08

03/17

(12)

(13)

12/14

(14)

(1)  Mr. Broussard currently serves as Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), 
having  held  these  positions  since  January  1,  2013.  Mr.  Broussard  was  elected  President  upon  joining  the 
Company in December 2011 and served in that capacity through December 2012. Prior to joining the Company, 
Mr. Broussard was Chief Executive Officer of McKesson Specialty/US Oncology, Inc. US Oncology was 
purchased by McKesson in December 2010. At US Oncology, Mr. Broussard served in a number of senior 
executive roles, including Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board.

(2)  Dr. Beveridge currently serves as Chief Medical Officer, having held this position since joining the Company 
in June 2013. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Beveridge served as Chief Medical Officer for McKesson 
Specialty Health from December 2010 until June 2013. Prior to McKesson’s acquisition of US Oncology, Dr. 
Beveridge served as the Executive Vice President and Medical Director at US Oncology from September 2009 
through December 2010.

143

(3)  Ms. Bierbower currently serves as Segment President, Group Business, having held this position since March 
2017.  Prior to that, she served as the Segment President, Employer Group, and also previously led the Company’s 
Specialty  Benefits  area,  including  dental,  vision,  life,  disability  and  workplace  voluntary  benefits.    Ms. 
Bierbower joined the Company in 2001.

(4)  Ms. Bilney currently serves as Chief Consumer Officer, having held this position since joining the Company 
in April 2013. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Bilney served as Executive Vice President and Chief Brand 
Officer for Bloomin’ Brands, Inc. from 2006 until April 2013.

(5)  Mr. Deshpande currently serves as Chief Risk Officer, having held this position since joining the Company in 
July 2017.  Before joining Humana, Mr. Deshpande spent 17 years at Capital One in key leadership positions, 
most recently as Business Chief Risk Officer for the U.S. and international card business. He previously served 
as  the  Business  Chief  Risk  Officer  and  Head  of  Enterprise  Services  for  the  Financial  Services  Division, 
responsible for Business Risk, Data Science, Data Quality, Process Excellence and Project Management. He 
also  led  marketing  and  analysis  for  the  Home  Loans, Auto  Finance,  and  Credit  Card  businesses,  with 
responsibilities for business strategy, credit, product and marketing.

(6)  Mr. Fleming currently serves as Segment President, Healthcare Services, where he is responsible for Humana’s 
clinical and pharmacy businesses that service all Humana segments, having held this position since March of 
2017.  Prior to that, he served as President of the Company’s pharmacy business.  Mr. Fleming joined the 
Company in 1994.

(7)  Mr. Hunter currently serves as Chief Strategy Officer, having held this position since joining the Company in 
January 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hunter served as President of Provider Markets at The TriZetto 
Group, Inc. from July 2012 until December 2013, and as Senior Vice President, Emerging Markets at BlueCross 
BlueShield of Tennessee from 2009 through July 2012. While at BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee, Mr. Hunter 
was simultaneously President and Chief Executive Officer of Onlife Health, a national health and wellness 
subsidiary of BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee.

(8)  Mr. Huval currently serves as Chief Human Resources Officer, having been elected to this position in December 
2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Huval spent 10 years at Bank of America in multiple senior-level roles, 
including  Human  Resources  executive  and  Chief  Information  Officer  for  Global  Wealth  &  Investment 
Management, as well as Human Resources executive for both Global Treasury Services and Technology & 
Global Operations.

(9)  Mr. Kane currently serves as Chief Financial Officer, having been elected to this position in June 2014.  Prior 
to joining the Company, Mr. Kane spent nearly 17 years at Goldman, Sachs & Co. As a managing director, he 
was responsible for client relationships as well as for leading strategic and financing transactions for a number 
of companies in multiple industries.

(10) Mr. LeClaire currently serves as Chief Information Officer, having held this position since January 2014. Prior 
to that, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Service and Information Officer from August 2011 to 
January 2014, and as Chief Technology Officer from 2002 to August 2011. Mr. LeClaire joined the Company 
in August 1999.

(11) Ms. Margulis currently serves as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer, leading strategy development and execution 
for Humana's state and federal government relations, advocacy and public policy initiatives, including strategic 
alliance relationships in national and key local markets.  Ms. Margulis joined the Company in November 1985, 
and has held her current position since December 2014.

(12) Mr. Todoroff currently serves as Chief Legal Officer, having held this position since August 2008. Prior to 
joining the Company, Mr. Todoroff served as Vice President, Senior Corporate Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
for Aetna Inc. from 2006 through July 2008. Mr. Todoroff joined Aetna’s Legal Department in 1995 and held 
various positions of increasing responsibility.

144

(13) Mr. Wheatley currently serves as Segment President, Retail, having held this position since March 2017.  During 
his 25-year career with the Company, Mr. Wheatley has served in a number of key leadership roles, including 
Vice President of Medicare Service Operations and President of the East Region, one of the Company’s key 
Medicare geographies.

(14) Mrs. Zipperle currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, having held this position 
since December 2014.  Mrs. Zipperle previously served as the Vice President - Finance from January 2013 until 
her election to her current role, and as the Assistant Controller from January 1998 until January 2013.

Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors and serve until their successors are elected or 

until resignation or removal. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018 appearing under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial 
Ownership Reporting Compliance” of such Proxy Statement.

Code of Conduct for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers

We have adopted a Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, violations of 
which should be reported to the Audit Committee. The code may be viewed through the Investor Relations section of 
our web site at www.humana.com. Any amendment to or waiver of the application of the Code of Conduct for the Chief 
Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers will be promptly disclosed through the Investor Relations section of 
our web site at www.humana.com.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Since 1995, we have operated under an omnibus Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, currently known as the 
Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day. All employees and directors are required to annually affirm in writing their acceptance 
of the code. The Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day was adopted by our Board of Directors in June 2014, replacing a 
previous iteration of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct – the Humana Inc. Principles of Business Ethics – as 
the document to comply with the New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Standard 303A.10. The Humana 
Inc. Ethics Every Day is available on our web site at www.humana.com. Any waiver of the application of the Humana 
Inc. Principles of Business Ethics to directors or executive officers must be made by the Board of Directors and will 
be promptly disclosed on our web site at www.humana.com.

Corporate Governance Items

We  have  made  available  free  of  charge  on  or  through  the  Investor  Relations  section  of  our  web  site  at 
www.humana.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, and all of our 
other reports, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange 
Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also 
available on our Internet web site is information about our corporate governance, including:

• 
• 
• 

• 

• 
• 
• 

a determination of independence for each member of our Board of Directors;
the name, membership, role, and charter of each of the various committees of our Board of Directors;
the name(s) of the directors designated as a financial expert under rules and regulations promulgated by the 
SEC;
the responsibility of the Company’s Lead Independent Director, if applicable, to convene, set the agenda 
for, and lead executive sessions of the non-management directors;
the pre-approval process of non-audit services provided by our independent accountants;
our by-laws and Certificate of Incorporation;
our Majority Vote policy;

145

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

our Related Persons Transaction Policy;
the process by which interested parties can communicate with directors;
the process by which stockholders can make director nominations (pursuant to our By-laws);
our Corporate Governance Guidelines;
our Policy Regarding Transactions in Company Securities, Inside Information and Confidentiality;
Stock Ownership Guidelines for directors and for executive officers;
the Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day and any waivers thereto; and
the Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers and any waivers thereto.

Additional information about these items can be found in, and is incorporated by reference to, our Proxy Statement 

for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018.

Material Changes to the Procedures by which Security Holders May Recommend Nominees to the Registrant’s 
Board of Directors

None.

Audit Committee Financial Expert

The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018 appearing under the caption “Corporate Governance 
– Audit Committee” of such Proxy Statement.

Audit Committee Composition and Independence

The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018 appearing under the caption “Corporate Governance 
– Committee Membership and Attendance” of such Proxy Statement.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Additional information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement for the 
Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018 appearing under the captions “Corporate 
Governance  –  Organization &  Compensation  Committee  –  Compensation  Committee  Interlocks  and  Insider 
Participation,” “Director Compensation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Organization & Compensation 
Committee Report,” and “Executive Compensation” of such Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Equity compensation plan information

We maintain plans under which options to purchase our common stock and awards of restricted stock may be made 
to officers, directors, key employees, and consultants. Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair 
market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Our stock plans, as approved by the Board of 
Directors and stockholders, define fair market value as the average of the highest and lowest stock prices reported on 
the composite tape by the New York Stock Exchange on a given date. Exercise provisions vary, but most options vest 
in whole or in part 1 to 3 years after grant and expire up to 7 years after grant.

146

Information concerning stock option awards and the number of securities remaining available for future issuance 

under our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2017 follows:

Plan category
Equity compensation plans approved by 
    security holders (1)
Equity compensation plans not approved 
    by security holders

Total

(a)

Number of  securities

to be issued upon

exercise of outstanding

options, warrants

and rights

(b)

Weighted-average
exercise price of

outstanding

options, warrants

and rights

(c)

Number of  securities
remaining available for
future issuance under

equity compensation plans

(excluding securities
reflected in column(a))

 

863,128

—
863,128

$

$

181.436

—
181.436

5,467,598

(2)(3) 

—  
 

5,467,598

(1)  The above table does not include awards of shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units. For information 

concerning these awards, see Note 13.

(2)  The Humana Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by stockholders at the Annual Meeting held on 
April 21,  2011.  On  July 5,  2011,  18.5 million  shares  were  registered  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange 
Commission on Form S-8.

(3)  Of the number listed above, 2,387,597 can be issued as restricted stock at December 31, 2017 (giving effect to 

the provision that one restricted share is equivalent to 2.29 stock options in the 2011 Plan).

The information under the captions “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners of Company Common 
Stock” and “Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting 
of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018, is herein incorporated by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018 appearing under the captions “Certain Transactions 
with Management and Others” and “Corporate Governance – Independent Directors” of such Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 19, 2018 appearing under the caption “Audit Committee Report” 
of such Proxy Statement.

147

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

PART IV

(a)

(1)

(2)

(3) 

2.1

2.2

2.3

3(a)

(b)

4(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

The financial statements, financial statement schedules and exhibits set forth below are filed as part 
of this report.

Financial Statements – The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as Item 8 of Part II of 
this report.

The following Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules are included herein:

Schedule I

Schedule II

  

  

Parent Company Condensed Financial
Information at December 31, 2017 and 2016
and for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years 
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable.
Exhibits:

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 2, 2015 among Aetna Inc., Echo Merger Sub, Inc., Echo 
Merger Sub, LLC and Humana Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Humana Inc.’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2015). 

Letter Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2016, between Aetna Inc., Echo Merger Sub, Inc., Echo Merger 
Sub, LLC and Humana Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc.’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2016).

Termination letter dated as of February 14, 2017, by and among Humana Inc., Aetna Inc., Echo Merger Sub, 
Inc. and Echo Merger Sub LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc.'s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2017).

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Humana Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on 
November 9, 1989, as restated to incorporate the amendment of January 9, 1992, and the correction of March 
23, 1992 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(i) to Humana Inc.’s Post-Effective Amendment No.
1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 33-49305) filed February 2, 1994).

Humana  Inc. Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws  of  Humana  Inc.,  effective  as  of  December  14,  2017 
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 
December 14, 2017).

Indenture, dates as of August 5, 2003, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee 
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Humana Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended September 30, 2003, File No. 001-05975). 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2003, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of 
New York, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc.’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003, File No. 001-05975).

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 31, 2006, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of 
New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Humana Inc.’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2006, File No.001-05975).

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 5, 2008, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New 
York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Humana Inc.’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2008).

148

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(i)

(j)

(k)

(l)

(m)

(n)

(o)

(p)

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 5, 2008, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of 
New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Humana Inc.’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2008).

Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2006, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Trust 
Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc.’s Registration 
Statement on Form S-3 filed on March 31, 2006, Req. No. 333-132878).

There are no instruments defining the rights of holders with respect to long-term debt in excess of 10 percent 
of the total assets of Humana Inc. on a consolidated basis. Other long-term indebtedness of Humana Inc. is 
described herein in Note 12 to Consolidated Financial Statements. Humana Inc. agrees to furnish copies of 
all such instruments defining the rights of the holders of such indebtedness not otherwise filed as an Exhibit 
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Commission upon request.

Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2012, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank 
of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012).

Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2012, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank 
of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to 
Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012).

Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and between Humana Inc. and The 
Bank of New York,  Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014).

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and between Humana Inc. and The 
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 
to Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014).

Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank 
of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to 
Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014).

Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 16, 2017, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York 
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc.’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2017.

Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated March 16, 2017, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York 
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Humana Inc.’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2017.

Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 21, 2017, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New 
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana 
Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2017.

Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 21, 2017, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New 
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Humana 
Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2017.

10(a)*

Form of Company’s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the 
2011 Stock Incentive Plan (with retirement provisions) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) 
to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015).

(b)*

(c)*

Form of Company’s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the 
2011 Stock Incentive Plan (without retirement provisions) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(b) 
to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015).

Humana Inc. Executive Management Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated February 21, 
2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Humana Inc.’s Proxy Statement with respect to 
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 24, 2008).

149

(d)*

(e)*

(f)*

(g)*

(h)*

(i)*

(j)*

(k)*

(l)*

Form of Change of Control Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Humana Inc.’s 
current report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2014).

Trust under Humana Inc. Deferred Compensation Plans (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(p) 
to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, File No. 
001-05975).

The Humana Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (as amended on October 18, 
2012) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012).

Humana Inc. Executive Severance Policy (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Humana Inc.'s 
current report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2017).

Humana Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s 
Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 333-171616), filed on January 7, 2011).

Humana Retirement Equalization Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2011 (incorporated herein 
by reference to Exhibit 10(p) to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2011).

Letter agreement with Humana Inc. officers concerning health insurance availability (incorporated herein 
by reference to Exhibit 10(mm) to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 1994, File No. 001-05975).

Executive Long-Term Disability Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Humana 
Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004).

Indemnity Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to Humana Inc.’s Proxy Statement 
with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on January 8, 1987).

(m)* ** Form of Company’s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Time/Performance Vesting and Agreement not 
to Compete or Solicit, under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
10(t) to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on January 30, 2014).

(n)*

(o)*

(p)*

(q)

(r)

(s)

Form of Company’s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Solicit under the 2011 Stock 
Incentive Plan (with retirement provisions) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(o) to Humana 
Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015).

Summary of the Company’s Financial Planning Program for our executive officers (incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10(v) to Humana’s Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2013.

Form of Company’s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Solicit under the 2011 Stock 
Incentive Plan (without retirement provisions) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(q) to Humana 
Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015).

Five-Year $2 Billion Amended and Restated Credit Agreement , dated as of May 22, 2017, among Humana 
Inc.,  and  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.  as Agent  and  as  CAF  Loan Agent,  Bank  of America,  N.A.  as 
Syndication Agent, Citibank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, and 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents, and J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., PNC Capital Markets 
LLC, U.S. Bank National Association, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint-Lead Arrangers and Joint 
Bookrunners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-
K filed on May 22, 2017).

Form of CMS Coordinated Care Plan Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana 
Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975).

Form of CMS Private Fee for Service Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Humana 
Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975).

150

(t)

(u)

(v)

(w)

(x)

(y)*

(z)*

(aa)*

(bb)*

(cc)*

(dd)*

(ee)*

(ff)**

(gg)*

(hh)*

(ii)

Addendum to Agreement Providing for the Operation of a Medicare Voluntary Prescription Drug Plan 
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Humana Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975).

Addendum  to  Agreement  Providing  for  the  Operation  of  an  Employer/Union-only  Group  Medicare 
Advantage  Prescription  Drug  Plan  (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  to  Humana  Inc.’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975).

Addendum  to  Agreement  Providing  for  the  Operation  of  an  Employer/Union-only  Group  Medicare 
Advantage-Only Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Humana Inc.’s Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975).

Addendum to Agreement Providing for the Operation of a Medicare Advantage Regional Coordinated Care 
Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Humana Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975).

Explanatory  Note  regarding  Medicare  Prescription  Drug  Plan  Contracts  between  Humana  and  CMS 
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, File No. 001-05975).

Humana Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Humana Inc.’s 
Proxy Statement with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 21, 2011).

Form of Company’s Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Qualified Stock 
Options with Non-Compete/Non-Solicit) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to Humana 
Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2012).

Form of Company’s Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Incentive Stock Options 
with  Non-Compete/Non-Solicit)  (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit 10(pp)  to  Humana  Inc.’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2012).

Form of Company’s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the 
2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(rr) to Humana Inc.’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2012).

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2014, by and between Humana 
Inc. and Bruce D. Broussard (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc.’s current 
report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2014).

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Humana Inc. and Bruce D. 
Broussard, dated July 2, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc.’s current 
report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2015).

Agreement between the United States Department of Defense and Humana Military Healthcare Services, 
Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Humana Inc., dated as March 3, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10(mm) to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2012).

Form of Amendment to Change of Control Agreement between Humana Inc. and various executive officers 
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc.’s current report on Form 8-K filed on 
February 24, 2014).

Humana Inc. Change in Control Policy (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana
Inc.’s current report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2017).

Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Humana Inc., as Issuer, and the Dealer party thereto 
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc.’s current report on Form 8-K filed on 
October 7, 2014).

Master Confirmation by and between Humana Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co., dated February 22, 2017 
(incorporated herein by reference to Humana Inc.’s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2017).

151

(jj)

(kk)

(ll)*

Master Confirmation by and between Humana Inc. and Bank of America, N.A., dated December 21, 2017
(incorporated herein by reference to Humana Inc.’s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 22,
2017).
Form of Company's Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Incentive Stock Options) 
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015).

Form of Company's Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Qualified Stock 
Options with Non-Compete/Non-Solicit) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(kk) to Humana 
Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015).

(mm)* Voluntary Release and Separation Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2017, by and between Humana Inc. and 
James E. Murray (incorporated herein by reference to Humana Inc.’s current report on Form 8-K filed on 
April 3, 2017).

(nn)†

Form of Company's Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Performance Vesting and Agreement not to 
Compete or Solicit under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) 
to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2018).

12 †

14

21 †

23 †

Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges.

Code of Conduct for Chief Executive Officer & Senior Financial Officers (incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 14 to Humana Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003).

List of subsidiaries.

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

31.1 † CEO certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).

31.2 † CFO certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a).

32 †

101 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes – 
Oxley Act of 2002.

The following materials from Humana Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in XBRL (Extensible 
Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016; (ii) the 
Consolidated  Statements  of  Income  for  the years  ended  December 31,  2017,  2016  and  2015;  (iii) the 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015; 
(iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity as of December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015; (v) the 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015; and (vi) Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements.

*Exhibits 10(a) through and including 10(p), and Exhibits 10(y) through and including 10(dd), as well as 10(ff),10(gg), 
10(kk), 10(ll) and 10(mm) are compensatory plans or management contracts.
**Pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, confidential portions of this exhibit 
have  been  omitted  and  filed  separately  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  pursuant  to  a  request  for 
confidential treatment.
†Submitted electronically with this report.

152

Humana Inc.

SCHEDULE I—PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS

 
 

 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents
Investment securities
Receivable from operating subsidiaries
Other current assets

Total current assets
Property and equipment, net
Investments in subsidiaries
Other long-term assets

Total assets
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Payable to operating subsidiaries
Current portion of notes payable to operating subsidiaries
Book overdraft
Short-term borrowings
Other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt
Notes payable to operating subsidiaries
Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders’ equity:

Preferred stock, $1 par; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued
Common stock, $0.16 2/3 par; 300,000,000 shares authorized;
    198,572,458 shares issued at December 31, 2017 and 198,495,007
    shares issued at December 31, 2016
Capital in excess of par value
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
Treasury stock, at cost, 60,893,762 shares at December 31, 2017
    and 49,189,811 shares at December 31, 2016

Total stockholders’ equity
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions, except share

amounts)

$

$

$

383
305
1,042
245
1,975
1,091
16,810
426
20,302

4,311
28
41
150
896
5,426
4,770
9
255
10,460

—

33
2,445
13,670
19

(6,325)
9,842
20,302

$

1,710
300
1,136
122
3,268
1,086
15,276
374
20,004

4,107
28
38
300
708
5,181
3,792
9
337
9,319

—

33
2,562
11,454
(66)

(3,298)
10,685
20,004

$

$

$

$

See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements.

153

Humana Inc.

SCHEDULE I—PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

 

 
 
 
Revenues:

Management fees charged to operating subsidiaries
Investment and other income, net

Expenses:

Operating costs
Merger termination fee and related costs, net
Depreciation
Interest

Income (loss) before gain on sale of business, income taxes and
equity in net earnings of subsidiaries
Gain on sale of business
Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in net earnings of
subsidiaries
Provision (benefit) for income taxes
Income (loss) before equity in net earnings of subsidiaries

Equity in net earnings of subsidiaries

Net income

For the year ended December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

1,864
57
1,921

1,801
(936)
332
243
1,440

481
—

481
61
420
2,028
2,448

$

$

1,683
42
1,725

1,519
104
302
189
2,114

(389)
—

(389)
(107)
(282)
896
614

$

$

1,469
5
1,474

1,347
23
252
186
1,808

(334)
270

(64)
(70)
6
1,270
1,276

$

$

See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements.

154

Humana Inc.

SCHEDULE I—PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

 
 
 
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss):

For the year ended December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

2,448

$

614

$

1,276

Change in gross unrealized investment gains/losses
Effect of income taxes

Total change in unrealized investment
    gains/losses, net of tax

Reclassification adjustment for net realized
     gains included in investment income
Effect of income taxes

Total reclassification adjustment, net of tax

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Comprehensive income

$

149
(55)

94

(14)
5
(9)
85
2,533

$

(101)
38

(63)

(96)
35
(61)
(124)
490

$

(114)
42

(72)

(146)
53
(93)
(165)
1,111

See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements.

155

Humana Inc.

SCHEDULE I—PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended December 31,

2017

2016

(in millions)

2015

$

2,423

$

1,848

$

 
 
 
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from sale of business
Capital contributions to operating subsidiaries
Purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities
Maturities of investment securities
Purchases of property and equipment, net
Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net
(Repayments) proceeds from issuance of commercial
paper, net
Repayment of long-term debt
Change in book overdraft
Common stock repurchases
Dividends paid
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation
Proceeds from stock option exercises and other

Net cash used in financing activities

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

$

—
(695)
(53)
—
51
(359)
(1,056)

1,779

(153)
(800)
3
(3,365)
(220)
—
62
(2,694)
(1,327)
1,710
383

$

—
(895)
(151)
25
143
(382)
(1,260)

—

(2)
—
5
(104)
(177)
—
11
(267)
321
1,389
1,710

$

953

1,055
(833)
(507)
18
108
(378)
(537)

—

298
—
(16)
(385)
(172)
15
22
(238)
178
1,211
1,389

See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements.

156

Humana Inc.

SCHEDULE I—PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Parent company financial information has been derived from our consolidated financial statements and excludes 
the accounts of all operating subsidiaries. This information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial 
statements.

Related Party
Refer to Note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description 
of our related party transactions.  A related party note receivable is included with other long-term assets in our condensed 
balance sheet at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 in the amount of $349 million and $314 million, respectively. 
We have also entered into a revolving note agreement providing a line of credit up to $55 million under which $18 
million was outstanding at December 31, 2017, and we had no balance outstanding at December 31, 2016. The related 
interest income of $35 million and $30 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively, is included in investment and other 
income in our condensed statements of income.   

 2. TRANSACTIONS WITH SUBSIDIARIES

Management Fee
Through intercompany service agreements approved, if required, by state regulatory authorities, Humana Inc., our 
parent company, charges a management fee for reimbursement of certain centralized services provided to its subsidiaries 
including  information  systems,  disbursement,  investment  and  cash  administration,  marketing,  legal,  finance,  and 
medical and executive management oversight.

Dividends
Cash dividends received from subsidiaries and included as a component of net cash provided by operating activities 

were $1.4 billion in 2017, $763 million in 2016, and $493 million in 2015.

Guarantee
Through indemnity agreements approved by state regulatory authorities, certain of our regulated subsidiaries 
generally are guaranteed by our parent company in the event of insolvency for: (1) member coverage for which premium 
payment has been made prior to insolvency; (2) benefits for members then hospitalized until discharged; and (3) payment 
to providers for services rendered prior to insolvency. Our parent has also guaranteed the obligations of our military 
services subsidiaries.

Notes Receivables from Operating Subsidiaries
We funded certain subsidiaries with surplus note agreements. These notes are generally non-interest bearing and 
may not be entered into or repaid without the prior approval of the applicable Departments of Insurance or other state 
regulatory authorities.

Notes Payable to Operating Subsidiaries
We borrowed funds from certain subsidiaries with notes generally collateralized by real estate. These notes, which 
have various payment and maturity terms, bear interest ranging from 2.14% to 6.65% and are payable in 2018 and 
2019. We recorded interest expense of $1 million related to these notes for each of the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016 and 2015.

157

Humana Inc.

SCHEDULE I—PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

  3. REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

Certain of our subsidiaries operate in states that regulate the payment of dividends, loans, or other cash transfers 
to Humana Inc., our parent company, and require minimum levels of equity as well as limit investments to approved 
securities. The amount of dividends that may be paid to Humana Inc. by these subsidiaries, without prior approval by 
state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity’s level of statutory income and statutory 
capital and surplus. In most states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend even if approval is not required.

  Although minimum required levels of equity are largely based on premium volume, product mix, and the quality 
of assets held, minimum requirements vary significantly at the state level. Our state regulated insurances subsidiaries 
had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of approximately $8.0 billion and $7.7 billion as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively, which exceeded aggregate minimum regulatory requirements of $4.8 billion in both years.  Subsidiary 
dividends are subject to state regulatory approval, the amount and timing of which could be reduced or delayed. 
Excluding Puerto Rico subsidiaries, the amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2018
is approximately $1.1 billion in the aggregate. This compares to dividends that were paid to our parent company in
2017 of approximately $1.4 billion. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital 
and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix.

Our parent company funded a subsidiary capital contribution of approximately $535 million in the first quarter of 
2017 for reserve strengthening associated with our closed block of long-term care insurance policies discussed further 
in Note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our use of operating cash flows derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as in our Healthcare Services 

segment, is generally not restricted by state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators).
4. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES

Refer to Note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description 
of certain acquisitions and divestitures. On June 1, 2015, we completed the sale of our wholly owned subsidiary, 
Concentra Inc.  During 2017, 2016 and 2015, we funded certain non-regulated subsidiary acquisitions with contributions 
from Humana Inc., our parent company, included in capital contributions in the condensed statement of cash flows.  

5. INCOME TAXES

Refer to Note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

for a description of income taxes.

6. DEBT

Refer to Note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

for a description of debt.

7. STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY

Refer to Note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

for a description of stockholders’ equity, including stock repurchases and stockholder dividends.

158

SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

For the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 

Humana Inc.

(in millions)

 

 
Allowance for loss on
receivables:
2017
2016
2015

 

$

 

Balance  at
Beginning
of Period

$

118
101
137

Additions

 

 

Acquired/
(Disposed)
Balances

Charged
(Credited) 

to

Costs and
Expenses

Charged  to

Other

Accounts (1)

Deductions

or

Write-offs

Balance at

End  of
Period

— $
—
(39)

$

20
39
61

(10) $
19
(7)

(32) $
(41)
(51)

96
118
101

Deferred tax asset valuation
allowance:
2017
2016
2015

(49)
(49)
(42)
(1)  Represents changes in retroactive membership adjustments to premiums revenue and contractual allowances 

(49)
(42)
(48)

—
(7)
6

—
—
—

—
—
—

—
—
—

adjustments to services revenue as more fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements 
included in this annual report on Form 10-K.

159

Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has 

duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

SIGNATURES

HUMANA INC.
By:

 
 

 

 

Date:

/s/    BRIAN A. KANE

Brian A. Kane

Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial Officer)

February 16, 2018

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the 

following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signature

  

Title

/s/    BRIAN A. KANE

Brian A. Kane

Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

/s/    CYNTHIA H. ZIPPERLE

Cynthia H. Zipperle

/s/    BRUCE D. BROUSSARD

Bruce D. Broussard

/s/    KURT J. HILZINGER

Kurt J. Hilzinger

/s/    FRANK BISIGNANO

Frank Bisignano

/s/    KAREN DESALVO MD, MPH,

MSc

Karen DeSalvo, MD, MPH, MSc

/s/    FRANK A. D’AMELIO

Frank A. D’Amelio

/s/    W. ROY DUNBAR

W. Roy Dunbar

/s/    DAVID A. JONES, JR.

David A. Jones, Jr.

/s/    WILLIAM J. MCDONALD

William J. McDonald

/s/    WILLIAM E. MITCHELL

William E. Mitchell

/s/    DAVID B. NASH, M.D.

David B. Nash, M.D.

/s/    JAMES J. O’BRIEN

James J. O’Brien

/s/    MARISSA T. PETERSON

Marissa T. Peterson

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting
Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)

   President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Director (Principal Executive Officer)
  
   Chairman of the Board
  

Director

Director

   Director
  
   Director
  
   Director
  
   Director
  
   Director
  
   Director
  
   Director
  
   Director
  

160

Date

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

February 16, 2018

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Corporate Headquarters
The Humana Building  |  500 West Main Street  |  Louisville, KY 40202  |  502.580.1000  |  Humana.com

More Information About Humana Inc.
Copies of the Company’s ﬁlings with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be obtained without 
charge via the Investor Relations page of the Company’s internet site at Humana.com or by writing:

Amy K. Smith
Director – Investor Relations
Post Ofﬁce Box 1438
Louisville, Kentucky 40202

Transfer Agent and Registrar
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC
Shareholder Services - ATTN: Operations Center
6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn, New York 11219
800.937.5449
Shareholder Services Direct Dial: 718.921.8124
www.amstock.com
Email: info@amstock.com
 

GCHK5HCEN  0218

