P U R S U I N G   O U R  
V I S I O N  T O   B E  
A M O N G  T H E   M O S T
S U C C E S S F U L ,  
S U S TA I N A B L E  A N D  
R E S P O N S I B L E  
C O M P A N I E S   I N  
T H E   W O R L D

To our shareowners,

As one of the world’s leading producers of renewable fiber-
based packaging, pulp and paper products, we know it’s our 
responsibility to create long-term value for all stakeholders 
in the most responsible and sustainable manner.

I’m confident in the future of International Paper. By investing 
in attractive, fiber-based markets, controlling costs, managing 
capital spending and focusing on deliberate improvement 
efforts to increase productivity and efficiency, we have 
generated strong sustainable free cash flow despite 
challenging economic conditions.

In 2016, we developed The IP Way Forward to drive the 
next wave of improvements and continue to meet our 
commitments to our shareowners, customers, employees 
and communities. The IP Way Forward consists of five 
Strategic Drivers critical to our success: sustaining forests, 
investing in people, improving our planet, creating innovative 
products and delivering inspired performance.

Mark Sutton 
Chairman 
and CEO

Sustaining FORESTS

Our entire business depends on the sustainability of forests. 
By providing a dependable market for responsibly grown fiber, 
we provide an economic incentive for landowners to grow, 
harvest and regenerate forests for continuous, sustainable use.

NCE
A
M
R
O
F
R
E
P

d

e

r

i

p

s

n

I

e s t

i ng in PEOPLE

v

I n

Sustaining 
FORESTS

Innovative PRO D U C

S

T

I
m

p

r

o

v

i

n
g
o
u
r
P
L
A
N
ET

The IP Way Forward is our 
strategic framework for 
achieving our vision to be
among the most successful, 
sustainable and responsible 
companies in the world.

2016 Annual Performance Summary         1

ADDITIONAL 
$10 MILLION 
TO NFWF
FOR FOREST ECOSYSTEM 
PROTECTION

ALMOST 50% 
REDUCTION IN 
SERIOUS SAFETY 
INCIDENTS
SINCE 2012

“We protect and
improve the lives 
of our employees.”

We will continue to lead the world in responsible forest stewardship 
to ensure healthy and productive forest ecosystems for generations 
to come. Our investments in forest restoration and sustainable 
forest management help increase forest carbon stocks and mitigate 
climate change.

Since 2013, we have invested more than $7.5 million in the Forestland 
Stewards Initiative, a partnership with the National Fish and Wildlife 
Foundation (NFWF) aimed at protecting and enhancing ecologically 
significant forestlands in the United States. Our investment generated 
more than $24.5 million in matching funds for a total conservation 
impact of $32 million. In 2016, we renewed our commitment to this 
partnership and pledged to increase our contribution to $10 million over 
the next five years.

Investing in PEOPLE

Our most important measure of success is ensuring all employees, 
contractors and visitors arrive home safely every day. In 2016, 
we expanded our focus on prevention with Safety Leading Indicators 
to identify hazards and unsafe actions before accidents occur.

Engaged employees drive sustainable results, and good leaders engage, 
align and inspire colleagues. Building our capability means not only 
improving our assets, but also developing our employees, retaining
our top talent and creating a culture of inclusion, where individuals feel 
respected, are treated fairly and have opportunities to do their best 
every day.

We continue to be a force for good in our communities. By mobilizing 
our people, products and resources we can help address critical 
community needs where our employees live and work. In 2016, 
we increased our charitable contributions and focused our community 
engagement strategy on four signature people causes: education, 
hunger, health and wellness and disaster relief.

SERIOUS SAFETY INCIDENTS

68

50

38

36

35

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2         International Paper

*This data includes the 2016 acquisitions.

$14 MILLION
INVESTED TO
ADDRESS CRITICAL
COMMUNITY NEEDS
AND TO IMPROVE
THE PLANET

Improving our PLANET

Our sustainability story is embedded in the renewability and
recyclability of our products, and in the way we operate.

More than 70 percent of the energy used in our global mill system 
is generated from renewable, carbon-neutral biomass. We set our 
Vision 2020 Goals using a 2010 baseline; since then, we’ve reduced
our energy use and greenhouse gas and other air emissions, resulting
in a reduced environmental footprint and lower energy costs.

“We are committed to reducing
our environmental footprint.”

6.4% ENERGY
EFFICIENCY
IMPROVEMENT
SINCE 2010

19%
REDUCTION
IN GHG
EMISSIONS SINCE 2010

2016 Annual Performance Summary         3

Innovative PRODUCTS

We transform renewable resources into recyclable
products people depend on every day. Our packaging
products protect and promote goods, enable
worldwide commerce and keep consumers safe.
Our pulp for diapers, tissue and other personal
hygiene products promote health and wellness. 
Our papers facilitate education and communication,
and our food service products provide convenience
and portability for on-the-go consumers.

In December 2016, we acquired Weyerhaeuser’s
pulp business and integrated it with our existing
business to create our Global Cellulose Fibers

business, the world’s premier manufacturer of fluff
and specialty pulp. This acquisition gave us best-
in-class manufacturing assets and capabilities, 
a valuable patent portfolio and an expanded
innovation team that will help us improve and grow
our entire pulp business. We also gained additional
mills in key coastal locations, which allows us to
expand our exports of fluff pulp around the world.

We continue to focus on creating innovative,
sustainable and recyclable products that help our
customers achieve their objectives and satisfy
changing global consumer demand.

M E E T I N G   C O N S U M E R   D E M A N D S

$160 million
Madrid mill acquisition
and planned conversion
Our acquisition and planned conversion 
of the Madrid mill represents a strategic
opportunity to grow our corrugated
packaging business in EMEA by further
enhancing our value proposition and
offering our customers even more choices
in terms of innovative, tailored and 
high-performance packaging solutions.

$2.2 billion
Weyerhaeuser Pulp acquisition

This 2016 acquisition positions
International Paper as the premier global
supplier of fluff pulp and enhances our
ability to generate additional cash flow. 
In this transaction, International Paper
acquired five pulp mills and two converting
facilities that produce fluff pulp, softwood
pulp and specialty pulp products for
consumer applications including diapers,
other hygiene products, tissue and textiles.

$170 million
strategic capital investments
in our containerboard mills

We invested in our containerboard 
mills in Prattville, Ala., and Springfield,
Ore., in 2016 to expand capacity and
improve efficiency.

4         International Paper

RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

8.3%
9.3%
9.2%
11%
9.9%

7TH
CONSECUTIVE
YEAR ABOVE
COST-OF-
CAPITAL
RETURNS

Inspired PERFORMANCE

We deliver long-term value for our stakeholders by establishing
advantaged positions in attractive, fiber-based market segments with
safe, efficient manufacturing operations near sustainable fiber sources.

Challenging market conditions and increasing costs for fiber and
energy caused us to fall short of our 2016 earnings goal. However,
we remain focused on generating strong free cash flow, creating
value with returns greater than our cost of capital, returning cash
to shareowners, maintaining a strong balance sheet and making
investments for future growth.

FIVE-YEAR AVERAGE:
9.6% RETURN ON
INVESTED CAPITAL

FIVE-YEAR AVERAGE:
$ 1.8B FREE
CASH FLOW

5TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR OF
DIVIDEND INCREASE

FREE CASH FLOW

ANNUALIZED DIVIDEND

$2.1B

$1.8B

$1.9B

$1.8B

$1.6B

$1.76

$1.85

$1.60

$1.40

$1.20

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2016 Annual Performance Summary         5

We value strong leadership and continue to work actively to maintain a strong bench of leaders.

L E A D E R S H I P

Farewell to Our Colleagues

Bill Hoel, former Senior Vice President,
Container the Americas, retired effective
March 31, 2017. Bill joined Masonite
Corporation, an International Paper
subsidiary, in 1983. For 34 years he led
several businesses including Decorative
Products and Wood Products. In 2004, Bill
was elected Senior Vice President, Corporate
Sales and Marketing. For more than a decade,
Bill led our corrugated packaging businesses
in North America and Latin America;
he directed the integrations of Box USA,
Weyerhaeuser Packaging and Temple-Inland,
helping to develop one of the world’s premier
corrugated packaging businesses.

Carol Roberts, former Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer,
retired effective March 31, 2017. For more
than 35 years, Carol was a key contributor
to our company’s success. She joined
International Paper in 1981 as an associate
engineer at the Mobile mill and was named
mill manager at Oswego in 1991. Carol
became an officer in 1997, serving as Vice
President, People Development. In 2005,
Carol was elected Senior Vice President,
Industrial Packaging, and in 2011 was
appointed Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. We will continue to benefit
from the world-class financial organization
that Carol helped build.

Tom Kadien, Senior Vice President,
Human Resources, Government Relations
and Global Citizenship, has announced his
retirement effective June 30, 2017. Tom joined
International Paper in 1978 and was named an
officer in 1999 while leading the Fine Papers
business. In April 2003, he was appointed
President of IP Europe and was elected as
Senior Vice President in 2004.

Tom led xpedx from 2006 to 2010 and then
served as Senior Vice President, Consumer
Packaging, IP Asia and IP India. In 2014,
Tom was named Senior Vice President,
Human Resources and Government Relations
with continuing responsibility for IP India
and Supply Chain Operations. In 2015,
Tom added leadership of Global Citizenship
to his responsibilities. We appreciate his
many contributions over nearly four decades.

6         International Paper

Congratulations to Our Newly
Elected Senior Vice Presidents

John Sims was elected Senior Vice
President and President, Europe, the Middle
East, Africa and IP Russia, effective July 1,
2016. John joined International Paper in 1994
and has served in marketing, supply chain,
strategic planning, finance and general
management roles. John leads the paper
and packaging businesses in this region.

Greg Wanta was elected Senior Vice
President, North American Container,
effective December 1, 2016. Greg joined
International Paper in 1991 and has served
in several manufacturing and general
management roles. Greg leads our North
American corrugated packaging business.

Cathy Slater was elected Senior Vice
President, Consumer Packaging, effective
December 1, 2016. Cathy joined International
Paper in 2016 from Weyerhaeuser, where
she served in manufacturing and general
management roles. Cathy leads our North
American consumer packaging business,
which includes our coated paperboard
and foodservice businesses.

Tom Plath was elected Senior Vice
President, Human Resources and Global
Citizenship, effective March 1, 2017.
Tom joined International Paper in 1991
and has served in human resources, strategic
planning and general management roles.
Most recently, he served as Vice President,
Human Resources, Global Businesses.

New Assignments for
Senior Vice Presidents

Jean-Michel Ribieras was named
Senior Vice President, Global Cellulose
Fibers, effective July 1, 2016. Jean-Michel
also assumed responsibility for IP Asia on
March 1, 2017.

Glenn Landau was named Senior Vice
President, Finance, effective January 1, 2017,
and Chief Financial Officer effective
February 22, 2017.

Mike Amick, Jr., was named Senior
Vice President, Paper the Americas,
effective January 1, 2017. Mike leads
our North American and Latin American
Papers businesses. Mike also assumed
responsibility for International Paper India
and APPM Ltd., on April 1, 2017.

Tim Nicholls was named Senior Vice
President, Industrial Packaging the Americas,
effective January 1, 2017. Tim leads our North
American and Latin American Industrial
Packaging businesses.

Board Member Transitions

In December 2016, Joan Spero retired from
the Board of Directors of International Paper
Company, pursuant to the board’s mandatory
retirement policy. Joan joined our board
in 2011.

Joan served in the U.S. Department of State
as Undersecretary for Economic, Business
and Agricultural Affairs and as Ambassador
to the United Nations for Economic and Social
Affairs. She held leadership positions in
corporate strategy and corporate affairs over
a span of 12 years at American Express, and
from 1997 to 2008, she served as president
of the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation.
Joan is currently a senior research scholar at
Columbia University’s School of International
and Public Affairs.

Joan also served on the board of directors
of ING Group N.V., Delta Air Lines Inc., and
First Data Corporation. She is a member of
IBM’s and Citigroup’s boards of directors,
a trustee of both the Council on Foreign
Relations and the Wisconsin Alumni
Research Foundation, and a trustee emeritus
of Columbia University and Amherst College.
She earned a master’s and a doctorate from
Columbia University. We recognize and
appreciate her contributions, especially
her engagement with our Governance and
Public Policy and Environment committees.

Effective March 1, 2017, we welcomed
a new board member, Dr. Kathryn Sullivan,
the Charles A. Lindbergh Fellow of Aerospace
History at the Smithsonian National Air and
Space Museum.

Kathy served in several roles in the U.S.
Department of Commerce and the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Association
Administration (NOAA), including
Undersecretary of Commerce for Oceans
& Atmosphere and NOAA Administrator.
She was the inaugural director of the
Battelle Center for Mathematics and Science
Education Policy in the John Glenn School
of Public Affairs at Ohio State University.
A former mission specialist for NASA, Kathy
is a veteran of three shuttle missions, with
more than 500 hours in space and the first
American woman to walk in space. Kathy
earned a bachelor’s in earth sciences from
the University of California, Santa Cruz
and a doctorate in geology from Dalhousie
University in Nova Scotia.

Her extensive environmental and sustainability
experience will bring a unique and valuable
perspective to the International Paper Board
of Directors and we are pleased to have Kathy
join our board.

O U T L O O K

In 2017, we expect to continue our trend of strong
cash generation and returns well above our cost 
of capital.

We expect higher margins and earnings in our North
American Industrial Packaging business through
implementation of price increases, growing customer
demand and internal improvement initiatives. We also
expect to improve margins with continued strong
operations and extensive cost reduction efforts
across many of our other businesses.

We expect to complete the conversion of the Madrid
mill to recycled containerboard in the second half 
of the year, which will enable us to offer better
products for our customers and to increase earnings
in our European Industrial Packaging business. 
Our Ilim joint venture remains well-positioned for
another strong year of performance.

As we integrate Weyerhaeuser’s pulp business, 
we expect to achieve synergies and continue to
evolve our ability to meet customer and global
demands with innovative products. Through this
integration, we will improve our overall product
mix and, consequently, the earnings of our global
cellulose fibers business.

And with the strong free cash flow that comes 
from all of this, we will continue to create value 
with a near-term focus on debt reduction.

We are confident in how International Paper is
positioned and the value-creating opportunities 
we are pursuing. Our global team is committed 
to continuously strengthening our people and local
communities, using resources responsibly and
efficiently and ensuring our businesses are safe,
successful and sustainable for generations to come.

Mark Sutton | Chairman and CEO

FORTUNE’S “WORLD’S
MOST ADMIRED
COMPANIES®” 14 OF
THE LAST 15 YEARS

ETHISPHERE INSTITUTE’S
“WORLD’S MOST ETHICAL
COMPANIES®” FOR
11 CONSECUTIVE YEARS

INSTITUTIONAL
INVESTOR’S
“MOST HONORED
COMPANY” 2017

MEMPHIS COMMERCIAL
APPEAL “BEST PLACES
TO WORK – LARGE
COMPANY” 2016

March 2017

*FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this Annual Performance Summary may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws. These statements reflect management’s current views and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied in these statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to those listed and
discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K portion of this Annual
Performance Summary.

2016 Annual Performance Summary         7

Businesses

International Paper is a leading global producer of renewable fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper products
with 55,000 employees located in more than 24 countries.

I N D U S T R I A L   P A C K A G I N G
International Paper is the world’s premier manufacturer of
containerboard and corrugated packaging. Our containerboard mills,
box plants and converting operations across the globe allow us to
sustainably meet the most challenging customer sales, shipping,
storage and display requirements.

Industrial packaging also includes our North American recycling
business, which recovers, processes and sells several million tons 
of corrugated packaging and paper annually.

Customer segments:
• Beverages
• Fruit and vegetables
• Protein and processed foods
• eCommerce
• Consumer and industrial goods
• Shipping and distribution

85%
NORTH
AMERICA

67%

of total
revenue

4%
ASIA

9%
EMEA

2%
BRAZIL

C O N S U M E R   P A C K A G I N G
International Paper’s global coated paperboard business produces
high-quality coated paperboard for a variety of packaging and
foodservice applications. In addition to coated paperboard, consumer
packaging includes our foodservice business, which produces paper
cups, food containers and lids.

Our consumer packaging businesses collaborate with customers
across a wide range of market segments to meet consumer-driven
demand for high-quality, sustainable and innovative products.

Customer segments:
• Pharmaceuticals
• Health and beauty
• Media
• Packaged food
• General consumer goods
• Quick-service restaurants
• Specialty coffee
• Grocery and convenience stores
• Hospitality

83%
NORTH
AMERICA

9%

of total
revenue

17%
EMEA/
RUSSIA

8         International Paper

G L O B A L   C E L L U L O S E   F I B E R S
International Paper is a premier producer of fluff pulp for absorbent
hygiene products like baby diapers, feminine care, adult incontinence,
and other non-woven products, as well as pulp used for tissue and
paper products. Our innovative, specialty pulps are used for non-
absorbent end uses including textiles, filtration, construction material,
paints and coatings, reinforced plastics and more.

Our cellulose fibers products serve diverse, global customers who
share a common need for confidence in the quality and convenience
of personal hygiene and household products, and who value
innovative solutions.

Customer segments:
• Absorbent hygiene products
• Paper and tissue
• Textiles
• Reinforced plastics
• Filtration
• Paints and coatings

5%

of total
revenue

*Global Cellulose Fibers numbers include Dec 1, 2016,

acquisition of Weyerhaeuser’s pulp business

P R I N T I N G   P A P E R S
International Paper’s global paper businesses manufacture a wide
variety of uncoated papers for commercial printing, imaging and
converting market segments. Customers rely on our signature brands
including Accent®, Chamex®, Hammermill®, POL™, PRO-DESIGN® 
and Rey® to communicate, advertise, educate and inform.

Customer segments:
• Consumers
• Schools
• Businesses
• Commercial printing
• Book publishing
• Advertising
• Direct mail, bills, and statements
• Office products
• Retail packaging and labeling

applications

47%
NORTH
AMERICA

19%

of total
revenue

27%
EMEA/RUSSIA

4%
INDIA

22%
BRAZIL

2016 Annual Performance Summary         9

About International Paper

S E N I O R   L E A D E R S H I P   T E A M
As of March 31, 2017

(Seated left to right)
Glenn R. Landau
Senior Vice President 
Chief Financial Officer

Mark S. Sutton
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer

Sharon R. Ryan
Senior Vice President, General 
Counsel and Corporate 
Secretary

(Standing left to right)
Carol L. Roberts
Senior Vice President 
Chief Financial Officer
(Retired March 31, 2017)

Gregory T. Wanta
Senior Vice President 
North American Container

Jean-Michel Ribieras
Senior Vice President 
Global Cellulose Fibers

C. Cato Ealy
Senior Vice President 
Corporate Development

Catherine I. Slater
Senior Vice President 
Consumer Packaging

Thomas G. Kadien
Senior Vice President 
Human Resources,
Government Relations 
and Global Citizenship 
(Retiring June 30, 2017)

John V. Sims
Senior Vice President 
and President 
International Paper 
Europe, Middle East, 
Africa, and Russia

Timothy S. Nicholls
Senior Vice President 
Industrial Packaging 
The Americas

W. Michael Amick, Jr.
Senior Vice President 
Paper The Americas

William P. Hoel
Senior Vice President 
Container The Americas
(Retired March 31, 2017) 

Tommy S. Joseph
Senior Vice President 
Manufacturing, Technology, 
EH&S and Global Sourcing

Thomas J. Plath (not pictured)
Senior Vice President 
Human Resources and 
Global Citizenship
(Effective March 1, 2017)

Our mission is to improve people’s lives, the planet and 
our company’s performance by transforming renewable 
resources into products people depend on every day.

10         International Paper

FORM 10-K

 

K
-
0
1
m
r
o
F

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

In millions, except per share amounts, at December 31
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
Net Sales
Operating Profit
Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings
Net Earnings 
Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
Net Earnings Attributable to International Paper Company
Total Assets
Total Shareholders’ Equity Attributable to International Paper Company
PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK
Basic Earnings Per Share Attributable to International Paper Company

Common Shareholders – Net Earnings

Diluted Earnings Per Share Attributable to International Paper Company

Common Shareholders – Net Earnings

Cash Dividends
Total Shareholders’ Equity
SHAREHOLDER PROFILE 

Shareholders of Record at December 31
Shares Outstanding at December 31
Average Common Shares Outstanding
Average Common Shares Outstanding – Assuming Dilution

2016

2015

$21,079 

$22,365

2,202 (a)
956 (b)
902 (b,c)
(2)
904 (b,c)

33,345
4,341

 2,361 (a)
1,266 (d)
917 (d,e)
(21)
938 (d,e)

30,531
3,884

$

$

2.20 (b,c)

2.18 (b,c)
1.783
10.56

$

$

2.25 (d,e)

2.23 (d,e)

1.6400
9.43

12,352
411.2
411.1
415.6

12,730
412.1
417.4
420.6

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

See the reconciliation of net earnings (loss) attributable to International Paper Company to its total industry segment operating profit on page 20 and the 
operating profit table on page 81 for details of operating profit by industry segment. 
Includes pre-tax restructuring and other charges of $54 million including charges of $29 million for early debt extinguishment costs, charges of $17 million 
for costs associated with the write-off of our India Packaging business evaluation, a gain of $8 million related to the sale of our investment in Arizona 
Chemical, charges of $9 million for costs associated with the Riegelwood, North Carolina mill conversion to 100% pulp production and a charge of 
$7 million for costs associated with the closure of a mill in Turkey. Also included a $439 million settlement accounting charge associated with term-vested 
lump sum pension payments, charges of $70 million for the impairment of the assets of our Asia corrugated packaging business and costs associated with 
the sale of that business, charges of $31 million of costs associated with the newly acquired pulp business, a charge of $19 million to amortize the newly 
acquired pulp business inventory fair value step-up and a charge of $8 million for the write-off of certain regulatory pre-engineering costs.
Includes a tax benefit of $57 million related to the legal restructuring of our Brazil Packaging business, a tax expense of $31 million associated with a 
Luxembourg tax rate change, a tax expense of $23 million associated with 2016 cash pension contributions, a tax benefit of $14 million related to the 
closure of a U.S. federal tax audit and a tax benefit of $6 million related to an international legal entity restructuring. Also included is an after-tax charge 
of $5 million for a legal settlement associated with the xpedx business which was spun-off in 2014.
Includes  pre-tax  restructuring  and  other  charges  of  $252  million  including  charges  of  $207  million  for  early  debt  extinguishment  costs,  charges  of 
$16 million for costs associated with the Timber Monetization restructuring, a charge of $15 million for a legal liability reserve adjustment, a charge of 
$8 million for costs associated with our Riegelwood, North Carolina mill conversion to 100% pulp production, net of proceeds from the sale of the Carolina 
Coated Bristols brand and charges of $6 million for other items. Also included are a pre-tax charge of $137 million related to the impairment of goodwill 
and a trade name intangible for our Brazil Packaging business, a pre-tax charge of $174 million related to the impairment of our 55% equity share in the 
IP-Sun JV and gain of $4 million related to the refund of state tax credits.
Includes a tax benefit of $67 million related to the impairment of the IP-Sun JV, a tax expense of $23 million for the tax impact of the 2015 cash pension 
contribution of $750 million and a tax expense of $7 million for other items.

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

For reconciliations of Operating Earnings per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders to diluted earnings 
(loss) per share attributable to International Paper Company common shareholders, see page 18.

In millions, at December 31
Calculation of Free Cash Flow
Cash provided by operations
(Less)/Add:

Cash invested in capital projects
Cash contribution to pension plan
Cash received from unwinding a timber monetization
Change in control payments related to Temple-Inland acquisition
Insurance reimbursement for Guaranty Bank settlement

Free Cash Flow

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

$ 2,478

$ 2,580

$ 3,077

$ 3,028

$ 2,967

(1,348)
750
—
—
—
$ 1,880

(1,487)
750
—
—
—
$ 1,843

(1,366)
353
—
—
—
$ 2,064

(1,198)
31
—
—
(30)
$ 1,831

(1,383)
44
(251)
120
80
$ 1,577

Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure is cash provided by operations. Management believes 
that free cash flow is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it measures the amount of cash generated that is available, after 
reinvesting in the business, to maintain a strong balance sheet, pay dividends, repurchase stock, service debt and make investments for future 
growth. It should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for discretionary expenditures. By adjusting for certain 
items that are not indicative of the Company’s ongoing performance, free cash flow also enables investors to perform meaningful comparisons 
between past and present periods.

In millions, at December 31
Reconciliation of Operating Earnings Before Net Interest Expense to Net Earnings  
Before Taxes and Equity Earnings
Earnings (Loss) From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings (Losses)

Add back: Net Interest Expense
Add back: Special Items Before Taxes
Add back: Non-Operating Pension Expense Before Taxes

Operating Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Equity Earnings (Losses)
Tax Rate
Operating Earnings Before Interest and Equity Earnings
Equity Earnings (Loss), Net of Tax
Operating Earnings Before Interest

2016

2015

2014

$

956
520
182
610
2,268
31.8%
1,547
198
$ 1,745

$ 1,266
555
559
258
2,638
33.0%
1,767
117
$ 1,884

$

872
607
1,052
212
2,743
30.7%
1,901
(200)
$ 1,701

The Company considers adjusted return on invested capital (“adjusted ROIC”) to be a meaningful indicator of our operating performance, and 
we evaluate this metric because it measures how effectively and efficiently we use the capital invested in our business. Adjusted ROIC is not 
a measure of financial performance under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and may not be defined and calculated 
by other companies in the same manner. The Company defines and calculates adjusted ROIC using in the numerator Operating Earnings 
Before Interest, the most directly comparable GAAP measure to which is Earnings Before Income Taxes and Equity Earnings. The Company 
calculates Operating Earnings Before Interest by excluding net interest expense, the after-tax effect on non-operating pension expense and 
items considered by management to be unusual from the earnings reported under GAAP. Management uses this measure to focus on on-
going operations and believes that it is useful to investors because it enables them to perform meaningful comparisons of past and present 
operating results.

Adjusted ROIC = Operating Earnings Before Interest / Average Invested Capital

Average Invested Capital = Equity adjusted to remove pension-related amounts in OCI, net of taxes + interest-bearing debt

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 _____________________________________________________ 

(Mark One)

 

 

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016
or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from                         to                        

Commission File No. 1-3157

INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

New York

 
 

13-0872805

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6400 Poplar Avenue
Memphis, Tennessee

(Address of principal executive offices)

38197

(Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (901) 419-9000
_____________________________________________________ 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock, $1 per share par value

  
  

Name of each exchange on which registered

New York Stock Exchange

_____________________________________________________ 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

    No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

    No 

    No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File 
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or 
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (section 229.405) is not contained herein, and will 
not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this 
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting 
company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
(Check one):

    No 

Large accelerated filer 

 

 

Accelerated filer

 

 

Non-accelerated filer
(Do not check if a smaller
reporting company)

 

 

Smaller reporting company

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes  
The aggregate market value of the Company’s outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the 
closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal 
quarter (June 30, 2016) was approximately $17,330,052,160.
The number of shares outstanding of the Company’s common stock as of February 17, 2017 was 411,255,197.
Documents incorporated by reference:
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement filed within 120 days of the close of the registrant’s fiscal year in connection with registrant’s 2017 
annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

   No 

INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY
INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 
 

PART I.
ITEM 1.

ITEM 1A.
ITEM 1B.
ITEM 2.

ITEM 3.
ITEM 4.
PART II.
ITEM 5.

ITEM 6.
ITEM 7.

 
BUSINESS.
General
Financial Information Concerning Industry Segments
Financial Information About International and U.S. Operations
Competition and Costs
Marketing and Distribution
Description of Principal Products
Sales Volumes by Product
Research and Development
Environmental Protection
Climate Change
Employees
Executive Officers of the Registrant
Raw Materials
Forward-looking Statements

RISK FACTORS.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
PROPERTIES.
Forestlands
Mills and Plants
Capital Investments and Dispositions

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.
 
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED  
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY 
SECURITIES.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

Executive Summary
Results of Operations
Description of Industry Segments
Industry Segment Results
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Accounting Estimates
Recent Accounting Developments
Legal Proceedings
Effect of Inflation
Foreign Currency Effects
Market Risk

1
1
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
3
3
3
5
5
6
7
7
11
11
11
11
11
12
12
12

12
14

18
18
21
24
25
30
34
37
37
37
38
38

INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY
INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 

ITEM 7A.

ITEM 8.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

Report of Management on Financial Statements, Internal Control over
Financial Reporting and Internal Control Environment and Board of
Directors Oversight
Reports of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public 
Accounting Firm
Consolidated Statement of Operations
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Interim Financial Results (Unaudited)

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
OTHER INFORMATION.
 
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND 
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND 
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.
 
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

Additional Financial Data
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

ITEM 9.

ITEM 9A.
ITEM 9B.
PART III.
ITEM 10.
ITEM 11.
ITEM 12.

ITEM 13.

ITEM 14.
PART IV.
ITEM 15.

APPENDIX I
APPENDIX II

SIGNATURES
2016 LISTING OF FACILITIES
2016 CAPACITY INFORMATION

38
39

39

41
43
44
45
46
47
48
83

85
85
86
86
86
87

87

87
87
87
87
87
90
91
A-1
A-4

PART I.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL
International  Paper  Company  (the  “Company”  or 
“International Paper,” which may also be referred to as 
“we” or “us”) is a global producer of renewable fiber-
based  packaging,  pulp  and  paper  products  with 
manufacturing  operations  in  North  America,  Latin 
America, Europe, North Africa, Asia and Russia. We are 
a New York corporation, incorporated in 1941 as the 
successor  to  the  New York  corporation  of  the  same 
name organized in 1898. Our home page on the Internet 
is  www.internationalpaper.com.  You  can  learn  more 
about us by visiting that site.

In  the  United  States,  at  December 31,  2016,  the 
Company operated 29 pulp, paper and packaging mills, 
170  converting  and  packaging  plants,  16  recycling 
plants and three bag facilities. Production facilities at 
December 31, 2016 in Canada, Europe, Asia, Africa, 
India,  Latin  America  included  17  pulp,  paper  and 
packaging mills, 68 converting and packaging plants, 
and two recycling plants.  We operate a printing and 
packaging  products  distribution  business  principally 
through 12 branches in Asia. At December 31, 2016, 
we owned or managed approximately 329,000 acres of 
forestland in Brazil and had, through licenses and forest 
management  agreements,  harvesting 
rights  on 
government-owned forestlands in Russia. Substantially 
all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely 
to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry 
capacity and general economic conditions.

to 

For management and financial reporting purposes, our 
businesses are separated into four segments: Industrial 
Packaging; Global Cellulose Fibers; Printing Papers; 
and  Consumer  Packaging.  Subsequent 
the 
acquisition  of  the  Weyerhaeuser  pulp  business  in 
December  2016,  the  Company  began  reporting  the 
Global Cellulose Fibers business as a separate busines 
segment due to the increased materiality of the results 
of this business. This segment includes the Company's 
legacy  pulp  business  and  the  newly  acquired  pulp 
business. As such, amounts related to the legacy pulp 
business  have  been  reclassified  out  of  the  Printing 
Papers  business  segment  and  into  the  new  Global 
Cellulose Fibers business segment for all prior periods.

A description of these business segments can be found 
on  pages  24  and  25  of  Item 7.  Management’s 
Discussion  and Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and 
Results  of  Operations.  The  Company’s  50%  equity 
interest in Ilim Holding S.A. ("Ilim") is also a separate 
reportable industry segment.

From 2012 through 2016, International Paper’s capital 
expenditures  approximated  $6.8  billion,  excluding 
mergers and acquisitions. These expenditures reflect 

1

our continuing efforts to improve product quality and 
environmental performance, as well as lower costs and 
maintain reliability of operations. Capital spending in 
2016 was approximately $1.3 billion and is expected to 
be approximately $1.5 billion in 2017. You can find more 
information about capital expenditures on pages 30 and 
31 of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Discussions of acquisitions can be found on page 31 
of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

You can find discussions of restructuring charges and 
other  special  items  on  pages  23  and  24  of  Item 7. 
Management’s  Discussion  and Analysis  of  Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations.

Throughout  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K,  we 
“incorporate by reference” certain information in parts 
of  other  documents  filed  with  the  Securities  and 
Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC permits us to 
disclose important information by referring to it in that 
manner. Please refer to such information. Our annual 
reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q 
and current reports on Form 8-K, along with all other 
reports  and  any  amendments  thereto  filed  with  or 
furnished  to  the  SEC,  are  publicly  available  free  of 
charge on the Investor Relations section of our Internet 
Web  site  at  www.internationalpaper.com  as  soon  as 
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such 
material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information 
contained  on  or  connected  to  our  Web  site  is  not 
incorporated  by  reference  into  this  Form 10-K  and 
should not be considered part of this or any other report 
that we filed with or furnished to the SEC.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING 
INDUSTRY SEGMENTS

The financial information concerning segments is set 
forth  in  Note  19  Financial  Information  by  Industry 
Segment and Geographic Area on pages 79 through 
81 of Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT 
INTERNATIONAL AND U.S. OPERATIONS

The financial information concerning international and 
U.S. operations and export sales is set forth in Note 19 
Financial 
Industry  Segment  and 
Geographic  Area  on  page  81  of  Item 8.  Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.

Information  by 

COMPETITION AND COSTS

The markets in the pulp, paper and packaging product 
lines  are  large  and  fragmented. The  major  markets, 
both U.S. and non-U.S., in which the Company sells its 
principal products are very competitive. Our products 

compete with similar products produced by other forest 
products  companies.  We  also  compete,  in  some 
instances,  with  companies  in  other  industries  and 
against substitutes for wood-fiber products.

Many  factors  influence  the  Company’s  competitive 
position,  including  price,  cost,  product  quality  and 
services.  You  can  find  more  information  about  the 
impact of these factors on operating profits on pages 
18 through 30 of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of 
Operations.  You  can  find  information  about  the 
Company’s manufacturing capacities on page A-4 of 
Appendix II.

MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION

The Company sells products directly to end users and 
converters,  as  well  as  through  agents,  resellers  and 
paper distributors. 

DESCRIPTION OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS

The  Company’s  principal  products  are  described  on 
pages 24 and 25 of Item 7. Management’s Discussion 
and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of 
Operations. 

SALES VOLUMES BY PRODUCT

Sales volumes of major products for 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:

 

Sales Volumes by Product (1)

In thousands of short tons (except as noted)
Industrial Packaging

North American Corrugated Packaging (3)
North American Containerboard
North American Recycling
North American Saturated Kraft
North American Gypsum/Release Kraft
North American Bleached Kraft
EMEA Industrial Packaging (3) (4)
Asian Box (3) (5)
Brazilian Packaging

Industrial Packaging

Cellulose Fibers (in thousands of metric tons) (2)
Printing Papers

U.S. Uncoated Papers
European and Russian Uncoated Papers
Brazilian Uncoated Papers
Indian Uncoated Papers

Uncoated Papers
Consumer Packaging

North American Consumer Packaging
European and Russian Coated Paperboard
Asian Coated Paperboard (6)

Consumer Packaging

2016

2015

2014

10,392
3,091
2,402
182
200
24
1,477
208
371
18,347
1,870

1,872
1,536
1,114
241
4,763

1,189
393
—
1,582

10,284
3,110
2,379
156
171
23
1,417
426
348
18,314
1,575

1,879
1,493
1,125
241
4,738

1,425
381
958
2,764

10,355
3,035
2,459
186
168
26
1,379
407
362
18,377
1,612

1,968
1,531
1,141
231
4,871

1,486
354
1,358
3,198

(1) 
(2) 

Includes third-party and inter-segment sales and excludes sales of equity investees.
Includes North American, European and Brazilian volumes and internal sales to mills. Includes sales volumes from the newly acquired pulp 
business beginning December 1, 2016.

(3)  Volumes for corrugated box sales reflect consumed tons sold (CTS). Board sales by these businesses reflect invoiced tons.
(4)  Excludes newsprint sales volumes at Madrid, Spain mill.
(5) 
(6) 

Includes sales volumes through the date of sale on June 30, 2016.
Includes sales volumes through the date of sale in October 2015.

2

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

The  Company  operates  its  primary  research  and 
development  center  in  Loveland,  Ohio,  as  well  as 
several other product development facilities, including 
the  Global  Cellulose  Fibers  technology  center  in 
Federal Way, Washington that was acquired in 2016. 
Additionally, the Company has an interest in ArborGen, 
Inc., a joint venture with certain other forest products 
companies.

packaging 

We direct research and development activities to short-
term,  long-term  and  technical  assistance  needs  of 
customers  and  operating  divisions,  and  to  process, 
equipment and product innovations. Activities include 
product  development  within  the  operating  divisions; 
studies  on  innovation  and  improvement  of  pulping, 
bleaching, chemical recovery, papermaking, converting 
and coating processes; packaging design and materials 
development;  mechanical 
systems, 
environmentally sensitive printing inks and reduction of 
environmental discharges; re-use of raw materials in 
manufacturing processes; recycling of consumer and 
packaging  paper  products;  energy  conservation; 
applications  of  computer  controls  to  manufacturing 
operations; innovations and improvement of products; 
and  development  of  various  new  products.  Our 
development efforts specifically address product safety 
as well as the minimization of solid waste. The cost to 
the  Company  of 
its  research  and  development 
operations was $20 million in 2016, $27 million in  2015, 
and $16 million in 2014.

We  own  numerous  patents,  copyrights,  trademarks, 
trade  secrets  and  other  intellectual  property  rights 
relating to our products and to the processes for their 
production. We also license intellectual property rights 
to and from others where advantageous or necessary. 
Many of the manufacturing processes are among our 
trade secrets. Some of our products are covered by 
U.S.  and  non-U.S.  patents  and  are  sold  under  well 
known trademarks. We derive a competitive advantage 
by  protecting  our  trade  secrets,  patents,  trademarks 
and other intellectual property rights, and by using them 
as required to support our businesses.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

International Paper is subject to extensive federal and 
state  environmental  regulation  as  well  as  similar 
regulations  internationally.  Our  continuing  objectives 
include: (1) controlling emissions and discharges from 
our facilities into the air, water and groundwater to avoid 
adverse 
the  environment,  and 
(2) maintaining  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and 
regulations. The Company spent $83 million in 2016 for 
capital projects to control environmental releases into 
the air and water, and to assure environmentally sound 
management and disposal of waste. The 2016 spend 

impacts  on 

3

included costs associated with the U.S. Environmental 
Protection  Agency’s  (EPA)  Boiler  MACT  (maximum 
achievable control technology) regulations. We expect 
to spend $111 million in 2017 for environmental capital 
projects. Capital expenditures for 2018 environmental 
projects are anticipated to be approximately $54 million. 
Capital expenditures for 2019 environmental projects 
are estimated to be $51 million. On January 31, 2013, 
EPA issued the final suite of Boiler MACT regulations. 
These regulations require owners of specified boilers 
to  meet  revised  air  emissions  standards  for  certain 
substances.  Several  lawsuits  have  been  filed  to 
challenge all or portions of the Boiler MACT regulations. 
On December 23, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for 
the D.C. Circuit remanded the Boiler MACT regulations 
to  EPA  requiring  the  agency  to  revise  emission 
standards  for  boiler  subcategories  that  had  been 
affected by flawed calculations. The Court determined 
that  the  existing  MACT  standards  should  remain  in 
place while the revised standards are being developed, 
but did not establish a deadline for EPA to complete the 
rulemaking.  As such, the projected capital expenditures 
for environmental projects represent our current best 
estimate of future expenditures with the recognition that 
the Boiler MACT regulations could change as a result 
of new, revised standards. 

Amendments  lowering  National  Ambient  Air  Quality 
Standards (NAAQS) for sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen 
dioxide (NO2), fine particulate (PM2.5), and ozone have 
been finalized in recent years but to date have not had 
a material impact on the Company.

CLIMATE CHANGE

Climate change refers to any significant change in the 
measure  of  the  earth’s  climatic  conditions  such  as 
temperature,  precipitation,  or  winds  that  persist  for 
decades or longer. Climate change can be caused by 
natural factors, such as changes in the sun’s intensity 
and ocean circulation, and human activities can also 
affect the composition of the earth’s atmosphere, such 
as from the burning of fossil fuels. In an effort to mitigate 
the potential of climate change impacts from human 
activities,  various  international,  national  and  sub-
national  (regional,  state  and  local)  governmental 
actions have been undertaken. Presently, these efforts 
have not materially impacted International Paper, but 
such  efforts  may  have  a  material  impact  on  the 
Company in the future.

International Efforts

A successor program to the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, the 
Paris Agreement  went  into  effect  in  November  2016 
which  continued  international  efforts  and  voluntary 
commitments  toward  reducing  Greenhouse  gasses 
(GHGs).  Consistent with this objective, participating 

countries aim to balance GHG emissions generation 
and removal in the second half of this century, or in 
effect achieve a net-zero global GHG emissions.  As 
part of the Paris agreement, many countries, including 
the  U.S.  and  EU  member  states,  established  non-
binding  emissions  reduction  targets.  The  U.S  non-
binding commitment is for GHG emissions to be 7% 
below 2005 GHG emissions levels by 2020 and 26% 
to 28% below by 2025.  Other countries in which we do 
business made similar non-binding commitments. The 
Company’s voluntary GHG reductions, which are set 
out  in  the  annual  Global  Reporting  Initiative  (GRI) 
report, are roughly in line with the percentages of the 
U.S. target reductions. It is not clear at this time what, 
if  any,  further  reductions  by  the  Company  might  be 
required by the countries in which we operate. Due to 
this uncertainty, it is not possible at this time to estimate 
the potential impacts of agreements on the Company.

To  assist  member  countries  in  meeting  obligations 
under  the  Kyoto  Protocol,  the  EU  established  and 
continues to operate an Emissions Trading System (EU 
ETS). Currently, we have two sites directly subject to 
regulation under Phase III of the EU ETS, one in Poland 
and one in France. Other sites that we operate in the 
EU experience indirect impacts of the EU ETS through 
purchased power pricing. Neither the direct nor indirect 
impacts  of  the  EU  ETS  have  been  material  to  the 
Company, but they could be material to the Company 
in the future depending on how the Paris Agreement 
non-binding commitments or allocation of and market 
prices for GHG credits under existing rules evolve over 
the coming years.

National Efforts

In the U.S., the 1997 Kyoto Protocol was not ratified 
and Congress has not passed GHG legislation. EPA 
however has enacted regulations to:  (i) control GHGs 
from  mobile  sources  by  adopting  transportation  fuel 
efficiency standards;  (ii) control GHG emissions from 
new  Electric  Generating  Units  (EGUs),  (iii)  require 
reporting of GHGs from sources of GHGs greater than 
25,000  tons  per  year,  (iv)  in  2015,  require  states  to 
develop  plans  to  reduce  GHGs  from  utility  electric 
generating units (EGUs) and (v) in 2016 EPA took the 
first  steps  in  the  process  of  developing  emissions 
standards for existing sources in the oil and gas sector. 
The  EPA  has  not  yet  identified  the  pulp  and  paper 
industry in the sectors to be covered by new standards. 
However, we anticipate that at some future time pulp 
and paper sources may be subject to new GHG NSPS 
rules.  It  is  unclear  what  impacts,  if  any,  future  GHG 
NSPS rules will have on the Company’s operations.

In 2015, EPA promulgated the Clean Power Plan (CPP) 
rule  to  address  climate  change  by  reducing  carbon 
dioxide (CO2) and other designated greenhouse gas 
pollutant  emissions  from  utility  EGUs.  In  response, 

4

states are to develop and begin implementing programs 
to reduce GHGs from EGUs by about 32 percent by the 
2022 to 2033 timeframe as compared to 2005 baseline 
levels.  These  plans,  if  implemented  could  pose 
potential cost increases for electricity purchased by the 
Company.  The  magnitude  of  cost  increases  to  the 
Company, if any, are not possible to estimate reliably 
at this time. Adding to the uncertainty, states and some 
industry parties have filed lawsuits challenging the rule, 
and  on  February  9,  2016,  the  U.S.  Supreme  Court 
granted a stay of the Clean Power Plan.  The stay will 
remain in effect until final disposition of the case, and 
as such, the rule’s potential impact on the Company 
remains unclear.

State, Regional and Local Measures

A few U.S. states have enacted or are considering legal 
measures  to  require  the  reduction  of  emissions  of 
GHGs  by  companies  and  public  utilities,  primarily 
through the development of GHG emission inventories 
or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs.  California 
has already enacted such a program and similar actions 
are being considered by Oregon. The Company does 
not have any sites currently subject to California's GHG 
regulatory plan and since the Oregon program is still 
being  developed,  it  is  too  early  to  know  how  or  if 
Company  owned  sites  in  Oregon  may  be  affected.   
There  may  be  indirect  impacts  from  changing  input 
costs  (such  as  electricity)  at  some  of  our  California 
converting operations but these have yet to manifest 
themselves  in  material  impacts.  Although  we  are 
monitoring  proposed  programs  in  other  states,  it  is 
unclear what impacts, if any, state-level GHG rules will 
have  on  the  Company’s  operations.  Further  state 
measures  are  under  substantive  review  as  they 
respond to EPA’s 2015 Clean Power Plan and develop 
an implementation plan over the next 1 to 3 years. The 
CPP allows significant flexibility in how states develop 
their  plans,  so  the  uncertainty  regarding  potential 
impacts will remain high until more specificity is reached 
and 
their 
compliance strategies.

individual  power  companies  develop 

Summary

Regulation  of  GHGs  continues  to  evolve  in  various 
countries in which we do business. While it is likely that 
there will be increased governmental action regarding 
GHGs and climate change, any material impact to the 
company is not likely to occur before 2020 and at this 
time it is not reasonably possible to estimate Company 
costs of compliance with rules that have not yet been 
adopted or implemented and may not be adopted or 
implemented in the future. In addition to possible direct 
impacts, future legislation and regulation could have 
indirect impacts on International Paper, such as higher 
prices for transportation, energy and other inputs, as 
well  as  more  protracted  air  permitting  processes, 

to  stay 

in  place 

causing delays and higher costs to implement capital 
projects. 
International  Paper  has  controls  and 
procedures 
informed  about 
developments  concerning  possible  climate  change 
legislation  and  regulation  in  the  U.S.  and  in  other 
countries  where  we  operate.  We  regularly  assess 
whether  such  legislation  or  regulation  may  have  a 
material  effect  on  the  Company,  its  operations  or 
financial condition, and whether we have any related 
disclosure obligations.

Additional  information  regarding  climate  change  and 
International  Paper  is  available  in  our  2015  Global 
Reporting  Initiative  (GRI)  report  found  at  http://
www.internationalpaper
.com/docs/default-source/
english/sustainability/2015-gri-report.pdf?sfvrsn=26 
though this information is not incorporated by reference 
into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part 
of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to 
the SEC.

 

EMPLOYEES

the  United  States.  Of 

As  of  December 31,  2016,  we  have  approximately 
55,000 employees, nearly 36,000 of whom are located 
in 
the  U.S.  employees, 
approximately  25,000  are  hourly,  with  unions 
representing  approximately  15,000  employees. 
Approximately 11,500 of this number are represented 
by the United Steelworkers union (USW).

International Paper, the USW, and several other unions 
have  entered  into  two  master  agreements  covering 
various  mills  and  converting  facilities.  These  master 
agreements  cover  several  specific  items,  including 
wages,  select  benefit  programs,  successorship, 
employment security, and health and safety.  Individual 
facilities continue to have local agreements for other 
subjects not covered by the master agreements.  If local 
facility agreements are not successfully negotiated at 
the time of expiration, under the terms of the master 
agreements the local contracts will automatically renew 
with  the  same  terms  in  effect.  The  mill  master 
agreement  covers  19  of  our  U.S.  pulp,  paper,  and 
packaging mills; the converting agreement includes 61 
of  our  converting  facilities.  In  addition,  International 
Paper  is  party  to  a  master  agreement  with  District 
Council  2,  International  Brotherhood  of  Teamsters, 
covering 13 additional converting facilities.  

During 2016, local labor agreements were negotiated 
at four mills and 13 converting facilities. Two of these 
were locations not covered by a master agreement. In 
2017,  local  labor  agreements  are  scheduled  to  be 
negotiated at 24 facilities, including seven mills and 17 
converting  facilities.  23  of  these  agreements  will 
automatically renew under the terms of the applicable 
master agreement if new agreements are not reached.

5

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Mark S. Sutton, 55, chairman (since January 1, 2015) 
& chief executive officer (since November 1, 2014).  
Mr.  Sutton  previously  served  as  president  &  chief 
operating officer from June 1, 2014 to October 31, 
2014, senior vice president - industrial packaging from 
November  2011  to  May  31,  2014,  senior  vice 
president - printing and communications papers of the 
Americas from 2010 until 2011, senior vice president 
- supply  chain from 2008  to 2009,  vice president  - 
supply chain from 2007 until 2008, and vice president 
- strategic planning from 2005 until 2007. Mr. Sutton 
joined International Paper in 1984.  Mr. Sutton serves 
on the board of directors of The Kroger Company. He 
is  a  member  of  The  Business  Council  and  the 
Business  Roundtable  and  serves  on  the American 
Forest & Paper Association board of directors and the 
international advisory board of the Moscow School of 
Management - Skolkovo.  He was appointed chairman 
of the U.S. Russian Business Council and was also 
appointed to the U.S. Section of the U.S.-Brazil CEO 
Forum. He also serves on the board of directors of 
Memphis Tomorrow and board of governors for New 
Memphis  Institute.  Mr.  Sutton  has  been  a  director 
since June 1, 2014.

W. Michael Amick, Jr., 53, senior vice president - 
paper the Americas since January 1, 2017.  Mr. Amick 
previously  served  as  senior  vice  president  -  North 
American papers & consumer packaging from July 
2016  until  December  2016,  senior  vice  president  - 
North American papers, pulp & consumer packaging 
from November 2014 until June 2016, vice president 
-  president,  IP  India,  from August  2012  to  October 
2014, and vice president and general manager for the 
coated paperboard business from 2010 to 2012. Mr. 
Amick joined International Paper in 1990.

C. Cato Ealy, 60, senior vice president - corporate 
development since 2003. Mr. Ealy is a director of Ilim 
Holding  S.A.,  a  Swiss  holding  company  in  which 
International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its 
subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. Ealy joined International 
Paper in 1992.

William  P.  Hoel,  60,  senior  vice  president  since 
January 2017.  Mr. Hoel previously served as senior 
vice  president  -  Container  The  Americas  from 
February 2012 until December 2016, vice president, 
Container The Americas, from 2005 until 2012, senior 
vice president, corporate sales and marketing, from 
2004 until 2005, and vice president, Wood Products, 
from  2000  until  2004.  Mr.  Hoel  joined  International 
Paper in 1983.

Tommy  S.  Joseph,  57,  senior  vice  president  - 
manufacturing, 
technology,  EH&S  and  global 
sourcing since January 2010. Mr. Joseph previously 

served  as  senior  vice  president  -  manufacturing, 
technology,  EH&S 
from  February  2009  until 
December 2009, and vice president - technology from 
2005 until February 2009. Mr. Joseph is a director of 
Ilim Holding S.A., a Swiss Holding Company in which 
International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its 
subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. Joseph joined International 
Paper in 1983.

Thomas G. Kadien, 60, senior vice president - human 
resources, government relations & global citizenship 
since  November  1,  2014.  Mr.  Kadien  previously 
served as senior vice president - consumer packaging 
and IP Asia from January 2010 to October 31, 2014, 
and senior vice president and president - xpedx from 
2005 until 2009. Mr. Kadien serves on the board of 
directors  of  The  Sherwin-Williams  Company.  Mr. 
Kadien joined International Paper in 1978.

Glenn R. Landau, 48, senior vice president - finance 
since January 1, 2017.  Mr. Landau previously served 
as senior vice president - president, IP Latin America 
from November 2014 through December 2016, vice 
president - president IP Latin America from 2013 to 
October 2014, vice president - investor relations from 
2011  to  2013,  and  vice  president  and  general 
manager, containerboard and recycling from 2007 to 
2011. Mr. Landau joined International Paper in 1991.

Timothy  S.  Nicholls,  55,  senior  vice  president  - 
industrial packaging the Americas since January 1, 
2017. Mr. Nicholls previously served as senior vice 
president - industrial packaging from November 2014 
through  December  2016,  senior  vice  president  - 
printing and communications papers of the Americas 
from November 2011 through October 2014, senior 
vice president and chief financial officer from 2007 
until 2011, vice president and executive project leader 
of IP Europe during 2007, and vice president and chief 
financial officer - IP Europe from 2005 until 2007. Mr. 
Nicholls joined International Paper in 1991.

Jean-Michel  Ribieras,  54,  senior  vice  president  - 
global cellulose fibers since July 2016.  Mr. Ribieras 
previously served as senior vice president - president, 
IP Europe, Middle East, Africa & Russia from 2013 
until June 2016, and president - IP Latin America from 
2009  until  2013.  Mr.  Ribieras  is  a  director  of  Ilim 
Holding  S.A.,  a  Swiss  holding  company  in  which 
International Paper holds a 50% interest, and of its 
subsidiary, 
joined 
International Paper in 1993.

Ilim  Group.  Mr.  Ribieras 

Carol L. Roberts, 57, senior vice president & chief 
financial officer since November 2011. Ms. Roberts 
previously served as senior vice president - industrial 
packaging  from  2008  until  2011  and  senior  vice 
president  -  IP  packaging  solutions  from  2005  until 
2008. Ms. Roberts serves on the board of directors of 

Alcoa  Corp.,  VF  Corporation,  the  Yale  University 
Presidents Advisory Council, and the local governing 
board  of  the  University  of  Memphis.  Ms.  Roberts 
joined International Paper in 1981.

Sharon R. Ryan, 57, senior vice president, general 
counsel & corporate secretary since November 2011. 
Ms. Ryan previously served as vice president, acting 
general counsel & corporate secretary from May 2011 
until November 2011, vice president from March 2011 
until  May  2011,  associate  general  counsel,  chief 
ethics and compliance officer from 2009 until 2011, 
and associate general counsel from 2006 until 2009. 
Ms. Ryan joined International Paper in 1988.

John V. Sims, 54, senior vice president - president, 
IP Europe, Middle East, Africa & Russia since July 
2016.  Mr. Sims previously served as vice president 
and general manager, European papers from March 
2016  until  June  2016,  vice  president  &  general 
manager,  North  American  papers  from  2013  until 
February  2016,  and  vice  president,  finance  and 
strategy, industrial packaging, from 2009 until 2013.  
Mr. Sims is a director of Ilim Holding S.A., a Swiss 
Holding Company in which International Paper holds 
a 50% interest, and of its subsidiary, Ilim Group. Mr. 
Sims joined International Paper in 1994.

Catherine  I.  Slater,  53,  senior  vice  president  - 
consumer  packaging  since  December  2016.  Ms. 
Slater joined International Paper from Weyerhaeuser 
Company  in  December  2016,  effective  with  the 
completion  of  the  acquisition  of  Weyerhaeuser’s 
cellulose fibers business, which she previously led.  
Ms.  Slater’s  24-year  career  with  Weyerhaeuser 
included leadership roles in manufacturing, printing 
papers,  consumer  products,  wood  products, 
distribution and the cellulose fibers business.

Gregory T. Wanta, 51, senior vice president - North 
American container since December 2016.  Mr. Wanta 
has  served  in  a  variety  of  roles  of  increasing 
responsibility 
in  manufacturing  and  commercial 
leadership 
in  specialty  papers,  coated 
paperboard, printing papers, foodservice and industrial 
packaging,  including  vice  president,  central  region, 
Container  the Americas,  from  January  2012  through 
November 2016.  Mr. Wanta joined International Paper 
in 1991.

roles 

RAW MATERIALS

Raw  materials  essential  to  our  businesses  include 
wood fiber, purchased in the form of pulpwood, wood 
chips and old corrugated containers (OCC), and certain 
chemicals, 
including  caustic  soda  and  starch. 
Information  concerning 
fiber  supply  purchase 
agreements that were entered into in connection with 
the  Company’s  2006  Transformation  Plan,  the  2008 

6

of 

Weyerhaeuser 

acquisition 
Company’s 
Containerboard,  Packaging  and  Recycling  business 
and  the  2016  acquisition  of  Weyerhaeuser's  pulp 
business  is  presented  in  Note  11  Commitments  and 
Contingent Liabilities on page 61 of Item 8. Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-
K (including the exhibits hereto) that are not historical 
in  nature  may  be  considered 
“forward-looking” 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are 
often  identified  by  the  words,  “will,”  “may,”  “should,” 
“continue,”  “anticipate,”  “believe,”  “expect,”  “plan,” 
“appear,” “project,” “estimate,” “intend,” and words of a 
similar nature. These statements are not guarantees of 
future performance and reflect management’s current 
views with respect to future events, which are subject 
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those expressed or implied in 
these  statements.  Factors  which  could  cause  actual 
results to differ include but are not limited to: (i) the level 
of our indebtedness and changes in interest rates; (ii) 
industry conditions, including but not limited to changes 
in the cost or availability of raw materials, energy and 
transportation  costs,  competition  we  face,  cyclicality 
and changes in consumer preferences, demand and 
pricing for our products; (iii) global economic conditions 
and political changes, including but not limited to the 
impairment of financial institutions, changes in currency 
exchange  rates,  credit  ratings  issued  by  recognized 
credit  rating  organizations,  the  amount  of  our  future 
pension  funding  obligation,  changes  in  tax  laws  and 
pension  and  health  care  costs;  (iv)  unanticipated 
expenditures  related  to  the  cost  of  compliance  with 
existing  and  new  environmental  and  other 
governmental  regulations  and  to  actual  or  potential 
litigation; (v) changes in our estimates for the costs and 
insurance coverage associated with the recent incident 
at our Pensacola, Florida mill and for the time required 
to resume full operations at the mill; (vi) whether we 
experience  a  material  disruption  at  one  of  our  other 
manufacturing 
in 
conducting business through a joint venture; (viii) the 
failure  to  realize  the  expected  synergies  and  cost-
savings  from  our  purchase  of  the  cellulose  fibers 
business  of  Weyerhaeuser  Company;  and  (ix)  our 
ability to achieve the benefits we expect from all other 
acquisitions, divestitures and restructurings. These and 
other factors that could cause or contribute to actual 
results differing materially from such forward looking 
statements  are  discussed  in  greater  detail  below  in 
“Item 1A. Risk Factors.” We undertake no obligation to 
publicly  update  any 
forward-looking  statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or 
otherwise.

facilities; 

inherent 

risks 

(vii) 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

In  addition  to  the  risks  and  uncertainties  discussed 
elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K 
(particularly in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of 
Operations), or in the Company’s other filings with the 
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  the  following 
are  some  important  factors  that  could  cause  the 
Company’s actual results to differ materially from those 
projected in any forward-looking statement.

RISKS RELATING TO INDUSTRY CONDITIONS

CHANGES IN THE COST OR AVAILABILITY OF RAW 
MATERIALS,  ENERGY  AND  TRANSPORTATION 
COULD  AFFECT  OUR  PROFITABILITY.  We  rely 
heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally 
virgin  wood  fiber,  recycled  fiber,  caustic  soda  and 
starch), energy sources (principally natural gas, coal 
and fuel oil) and third-party companies that transport 
our goods. The market price of virgin wood fiber varies 
based  upon  availability  and  source.  In  addition,  the 
increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole 
or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may 
cause an occasional tightening in the supply of recycled 
fiber.  Energy  prices,  in  particular  prices  for  oil  and 
natural gas, have fluctuated dramatically in the past and 
may continue to fluctuate in the future. Our profitability 
has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes 
in  the  costs  and  availability  of  such  raw  materials, 
energy sources and transportation sources.

OUR 

AFFECT 

INDUSTRIES 

THE 
IN  WHICH  WE  OPERATE 
EXPERIENCE  BOTH  ECONOMIC  CYCLICALITY 
AND  CHANGES  IN  CONSUMER  PREFERENCES. 
FLUCTUATIONS  IN  THE  PRICES  OF,  AND  THE 
DEMAND  FOR,  OUR  PRODUCTS  COULD 
MATERIALLY 
FINANCIAL 
CONDITION,  RESULTS  OF  OPERATIONS  AND 
CASH  FLOWS.  Substantially  all  of  our  businesses 
have  experienced,  and  are  likely  to  continue  to 
experience,  cycles  relating  to  industry  capacity  and 
general  economic  conditions.  The 
length  and 
magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and 
by  product. 
in  consumer 
preferences may increase or decrease the demand for 
our  fiber-based  products  and  non-fiber  substitutes. 
These consumer preferences affect the prices of our 
products.  Consequently,  our  operating  cash  flow  is 
sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our 
products.

In  addition,  changes 

COMPETITION 
IN  THE  UNITED  STATES  AND 
INTERNATIONALLY COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT 
OUR  FINANCIAL  RESULTS.  We  operate 
in  a 
competitive environment, both in the United States and 
internationally, in all of our operating segments. Product 
innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, 
and  marketing,  distribution  and  pricing  strategies 

7

pursued or achieved by competitors could negatively 
impact our financial results.

RISKS RELATING TO MARKET AND ECONOMIC 
FACTORS

ADVERSE  DEVELOPMENTS 
IN  GENERAL 
BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS COULD 
HAVE  AN  ADVERSE  EFFECT  ON  THE  DEMAND 
FOR  OUR  PRODUCTS  AND  OUR  FINANCIAL 
CONDITION  AND  RESULTS  OF  OPERATIONS. 
General  economic  conditions  may  adversely  affect 
industrial  non-durable  goods  production,  consumer 
spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, 
white-collar  employment 
levels  and  consumer 
confidence,  all  of  which  impact  demand  for  our 
products. In addition, volatility in the capital and credit 
markets,  which 
interest  rates,  currency 
exchange rates and the availability of credit, could have 
a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial 
condition and our results of operations.

impacts 

THE  LEVEL  OF  OUR  INDEBTEDNESS  COULD 
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION 
AND  IMPAIR  OUR  ABILITY  TO  OPERATE  OUR 
BUSINESS. As  of  December 31,  2016,  International 
Paper had approximately $11.3 billion of outstanding 
indebtedness. The level of our indebtedness could have 
important  consequences  to  our  financial  condition, 
operating results and business, including the following:

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

financing 

it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or 
equity 
for  working  capital,  capital 
expenditures,  product  development,  dividends, 
share  repurchases,  debt  service  requirements, 
acquisitions  and  general  corporate  or  other 
purposes;

a portion of our cash flows from operations will be 
dedicated to payments on indebtedness and will 
not  be  available  for  other  purposes,  including 
operations,  capital  expenditures  and 
future 
business opportunities;

the debt service requirements of our indebtedness 
could make it more difficult for us to satisfy other 
obligations;

our indebtedness that is subject to variable rates 
of interest exposes us to increased debt service 
obligations in the event of increased interest rates;

it may limit our ability to adjust to changing market 
conditions  and  place  us  at  a  competitive 
disadvantage compared to our competitors that 
have less debt; and

it may increase our vulnerability to a downturn in 
general economic conditions or in our business, 
and  may  make  us  unable  to  carry  out  capital 
spending that is important to our growth.

8

In addition, we are subject to agreements that require 
meeting  and  maintaining  certain  financial  ratios  and 
covenants.  A  significant  or  prolonged  downturn  in 
general business and economic conditions may affect 
our ability to comply with these covenants or meet those 
financial ratios and tests and could require us to take 
action to reduce our debt or to act in a manner contrary 
to our current business objectives.

IN  CREDIT  RATINGS 

CHANGES 
ISSUED  BY 
NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING 
ORGANIZATIONS  COULD  ADVERSELY  AFFECT 
OUR  COST  OF  FINANCING  AND  HAVE  AN 
ADVERSE  EFFECT  ON  THE  MARKET  PRICE  OF 
OUR SECURITIES. Maintaining an investment-grade 
credit  rating  is  an  important  element  of  our  financial 
strategy, and a downgrade of the Company’s ratings 
below  investment  grade  may  limit  our  access  to  the 
capital markets, have an adverse effect on the market 
price of our securities, increase our cost of borrowing 
and require us to post collateral for derivatives in a net 
liability position. The Company’s desire to maintain its 
investment grade rating may cause the Company to 
take certain actions designed to improve its cash flow, 
including sale of assets, suspension or reduction of our 
dividend  and  reductions  in  capital  expenditures  and 
working capital.

the 

terms  of 

Under 
the  agreements  governing 
approximately  $2.3  billion  of  our  debt  as  of 
December 31,  2016,  the  applicable  interest  rate  on 
such debt may increase upon each downgrade in our 
credit  rating  below  investment  grade. As  a  result,  a 
downgrade in our credit rating below investment grade 
may lead to an increase in our interest expense. There 
can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain 
in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings 
will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by 
the  rating  agencies,  if,  in  each  rating  agency’s 
judgment,  circumstances  so  warrant.  Any  such 
downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely affect 
our cost of borrowing, limit our access to the capital 
markets  or  result  in  more  restrictive  covenants  in 
agreements  governing 
future 
indebtedness that we may incur.
DOWNGRADES  IN  THE  CREDIT  RATINGS  OF 
BANKS  ISSUING  CERTAIN  LETTERS  OF  CREDIT 
WILL  INCREASE  OUR  COST  OF  MAINTAINING 
CERTAIN  INDEBTEDNESS  AND  MAY  RESULT  IN 
THE ACCELERATION OF DEFERRED  TAXES.  We 
are subject to the risk that a bank with currently issued 
irrevocable letters of credit supporting installment notes 
delivered to Temple-Inland in connection with Temple-
Inland's 2007 sales of forestlands may be downgraded 
below a required rating. Since 2007, certain banks have 
fallen below the required ratings threshold and were 
successfully  replaced,  or  waivers  were  obtained 
regarding their replacement. As a result of continuing 
uncertainty in the banking environment, a number of 

terms  of  any 

the 

the  letter-of-credit  banks  currently  in  place  remain 
subject to risk of downgrade and the number of qualified 
replacement banks remains limited. The downgrade of 
one or more of these banks may subject the Company 
to additional costs of securing a replacement letter-of-
credit  bank  or  could  result  in  an  acceleration  of 
payments of up to $831 million in deferred income taxes 
if replacement banks cannot be obtained. The deferred 
taxes  are  currently  recorded 
the  Company's 
consolidated  financial  statements.    See  Note  12, 
Variable Interest Entities, on pages 64 through 66, and 
Note 10, Income Taxes, on pages 59 through 61, in Item 
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for 
further information.

in 

OUR  PENSION AND  HEALTH  CARE  COSTS ARE 
SUBJECT  TO  NUMEROUS  FACTORS  WHICH 
COULD  CAUSE  THESE COSTS  TO  CHANGE.  We 
have  defined  benefit  pension  plans  covering 
substantially all U.S. salaried employees hired prior to 
July  1,  2004  and  substantially  all  hourly  and  union 
employees regardless of hire date. We provide retiree 
health  care  benefits  to  certain  former  U.S.  hourly 
employees, as well as financial assistance towards the 
cost of individual retiree medical coverage for certain 
former U.S. salaried employees. Our pension costs are 
dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual 
plan experience and assumptions of future experience. 
Pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity 
and fixed income investments. Fluctuations in actual 
equity market returns, changes in general interest rates 
and changes in the number of retirees may result in 
increased  pension  costs  in  future  periods.  Likewise, 
changes  in  assumptions  regarding  current  discount 
rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could 
increase pension costs.  Health care reform under the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, and  
modifications thereto, could also increase costs with 
respect to medical coverage of the Company’s full-time 
employees. Significant changes in any of these factors 
may  adversely  impact  our  cash  flows,  financial 
condition and results of operations.

OUR  PENSION  PLANS  ARE  CURRENTLY 
UNDERFUNDED,  AND  OVER  TIME  WE  MAY  BE 
REQUIRED  TO  MAKE  CASH  PAYMENTS  TO  THE 
PLANS,  REDUCING  THE  CASH AVAILABLE  FOR 
OUR BUSINESS. We record a liability associated with 
our pension plans equal to the excess of the benefit 
obligation over the fair value of plan assets. The benefit 
liability  recorded  under  the  provisions  of Accounting 
Standards Codification (ASC) 715, “Compensation – 
Retirement Benefits,” at December 31, 2016 was $3.4 
billion. The amount and timing of future contributions 
will  depend  upon  a  number  of  factors,  including  the 
actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets 
and changes in interest rates. 

IN 

CHANGES 
INTERNATIONAL  CONDITIONS 
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND 
RESULTS  OF  OPERATIONS.  Our  operating  results 
and business prospects could be substantially affected 
by  risks  related  to  the  countries  outside  the  United 
States in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell 
our products. Specifically, Russia, Brazil, Poland, India, 
and Turkey, where we have substantial manufacturing 
facilities, are countries that are exposed to economic 
and political instability in their respective regions of the 
world. Fluctuations in the value of local currency versus 
the U.S. dollar, downturns in economic activity, adverse 
tax  consequences,  nationalization  or  any  change  in 
social,  political  or  labor  conditions  in  any  of  these 
countries or regions could negatively affect our financial 
results.  Trade  protection  measures  in  favor  of  local 
producers 
including 
governmental  subsidies, 
tax  benefits  and  other 
local  producers  a  competitive 
measures  giving 
advantage  over 
International  Paper,  may  also 
adversely impact our operating results and business 
prospects 
In  addition,  our 
international operations are subject to regulation under 
U.S. law and other laws related to operations in foreign 
jurisdictions.  For  example, 
the  Foreign  Corrupt 
Practices  Act  prohibits  U.S.  companies  and  their 
representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or 
making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of 
obtaining  or  retaining  business  abroad.  Failure  to 
comply  with  domestic  or foreign  laws  could  result  in 
various  adverse  consequences, 
the 
imposition  of  civil  or  criminal  sanctions  and  the 
prosecution of executives overseeing our international 
operations.

these  countries. 

competing 

products, 

including 

of 

in 

RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND 
COMPLIANCE COSTS

  Our  operations  are  subject 

WE ARE SUBJECT TO A WIDE VARIETY OF LAWS, 
REGULATIONS  AND  OTHER  GOVERNMENT 
REQUIREMENTS  THAT  MAY  CHANGE 
IN 
SIGNIFICANT  WAYS,  AND  THE  COST  OF 
COMPLIANCE  WITH  SUCH  REQUIREMENTS 
COULD IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS. 
to 
regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state 
and non-U.S. laws, regulations and other government 
requirements -- including, among others, those relating 
to  the  environment,  health  and  safety,  labor  and 
employment, data privacy, and health care. There can 
be no assurance that laws, regulations and government 
requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted 
in ways that will require us to modify our operations and 
objectives  or  affect  our  returns  on  investments  by 
restricting existing activities and products, subjecting 
them  to  escalating  costs.    For  example,  we  have 
incurred,  and  expect  that  we  will  continue  to  incur, 
significant  capital,  operating  and  other  expenditures 
complying  with  applicable  environmental  laws  and 

9

regulations.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  future 
remediation requirements and compliance with existing 
and new laws and requirements, including with global 
climate change laws and regulations, Boiler MACT and 
NAAQSs, will not require significant expenditures, or 
that  existing  reserves  for  specific  matters  will  be 
adequate  to  cover  future  costs.  We  could  also  incur 
substantial  fines  or  sanctions,  enforcement  actions 
(including  orders  limiting  our  operations  or  requiring 
corrective  measures),  natural  resource  damages 
claims,  cleanup  and  closure  costs,  and  third-party 
claims for property damage and personal injury as a 
result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental 
laws, regulations, codes and common law. The amount 
and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to 
predict, and, in some cases, liability may be imposed 
without regard to contribution or to whether we knew 
of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances.  As 
another example, we are subject to a number of labor 
and  employment  laws  and  regulations  that  could 
significantly increase our operating costs and reduce 
our operational flexibility.

RESULTS OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS COULD HAVE 
A  MATERIAL  EFFECT  ON  OUR  CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.  The  costs  and  other 
effects  of  pending  litigation  against  us  cannot  be 
determined with certainty. Although we do not believe 
that the outcome of any pending or threatened lawsuits 
or claims will have a material effect on our business or 
consolidated  financial  statements,  there  can  be  no 
assurance that the outcome of any lawsuit or claim will 
be as expected.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS

FACILITIES 

MATERIAL  DISRUPTIONS  AT  ONE  OF  OUR 
MANUFACTURING 
COULD 
NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS. 
We operate our facilities in compliance with applicable 
rules and regulations and take measures to minimize 
the  risks  of  disruption  at  our  facilities.  A  material 
disruption at our corporate headquarters or one of our 
manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting 
customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively 
impact our financial condition. Any of our manufacturing 
facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise 
operational 
operations 
unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:

facility, 

cease 

could 

• 

• 

• 

• 

fires,  floods,  earthquakes,  hurricanes  or  other 
catastrophes;

the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its 
water supply;

the effect of other severe weather conditions on 
equipment and facilities;

terrorism or threats of terrorism;

10

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

domestic and international laws and regulations 
applicable  to  our  Company  and  our  business 
partners, including joint venture partners, around 
the world;

unscheduled maintenance outages;

prolonged power failures;

an equipment failure;

a chemical spill or release;

explosion of a boiler or other equipment;

damage  or  disruptions  caused  by  third  parties 
operating  on  or  adjacent 
to  one  of  our 
manufacturing facilities;

disruptions  in  the  transportation  infrastructure, 
including  roads,  bridges,  railroad  tracks  and 
tunnels;

•  widespread  outbreak  of  an  illness  or  any  other 
communicable disease, or any other public health 
crisis;

• 

• 

labor difficulties; and

other operational problems.

Any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us 
from meeting customer demand for our products and/
or require us to make unplanned expenditures. If one 
of these machines or facilities were to incur significant 
downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and 
satisfy  customer  requirements  could  be  impaired, 
resulting in lower sales and having a negative effect on 
our business and financial results.

For  example,  on  January  22,  2017,  we  experienced 
significant  structural  damage  to  the  largest  pulp 
digester as well as the power house at our Pensacola 
pulp  and  paper  mill  in  Cantonment,  Florida.  We 
restarted  the  power  house  and  resumed  partial 
operations producing fluff pulp at the mill using a series 
of  small  batch  digesters  within  a  couple  weeks. 
Repairing the damaged digester will take more time, 
however, and we know that we will not be able to resume 
full  operations  producing  containerboard  at  the  mill 
during the first quarter of 2017.   

TO 

SUBJECT 

WE  ARE 
INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY  RISKS  RELATED  TO  BREACHES 
OF  SECURITY  PERTAINING  TO  SENSITIVE 
COMPANY, CUSTOMER, EMPLOYEE AND VENDOR 
INFORMATION AS  WELL AS  BREACHES  IN  THE 
TECHNOLOGY USED TO  MANAGE OPERATIONS 
AND OTHER BUSINESS PROCESSES. Our business 
operations  rely  upon  secure  information  technology 
systems  for  data  capture,  processing,  storage  and 
reporting. Despite careful security and controls design, 

implementation, updating and independent third party 
verification, our information technology systems, and 
those of our third party providers, could become subject 
to  employee  error  or  malfeasance,  cyber  attacks,  or 
natural  disasters.  Network,  system,  application  and 
data breaches could result in operational disruptions or 
information misappropriation including, but not limited 
to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access 
to and misuse of applications required by our customers 
to conduct business with International Paper. Access 
to internal applications required to plan our operations, 
source materials, manufacture and ship finished goods 
and account for orders could be denied or misused. 
Theft  of  intellectual  property  or  trade  secrets,  and 
inappropriate  disclosure  of  confidential  company, 
employee, customer or vendor information, could stem 
from  such 
these  operational 
disruptions  and/or  misappropriation  of  information 
could  result  in  lost  sales,  business  delays,  negative 
publicity  and  could  have  a  material  effect  on  our 
business.

incidents.  Any  of 

CERTAIN  OPERATIONS  ARE  CONDUCTED  BY 
JOINT  VENTURES  THAT  WE  CANNOT  OPERATE 
SOLELY FOR OUR BENEFIT. Certain operations in 
Russia are carried on by a joint venture, Ilim.  In joint 
ventures, we share ownership and management of a 
company with one or more parties who may or may not 
have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources 
as we do. In general, joint ventures are intended to be 
operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for 
our exclusive benefit. Operating a business as a joint 
venture  often 
requires  additional  organizational 
formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for 
sharing  information  and  making  decisions.  In  joint 
ventures, we are required to pay more attention to our 
relationship with our co-owners as well as with the joint 
venture, and if a co-owner changes, our relationship 
may be adversely affected. In addition, the benefits from 
a successful joint venture are shared among the co-
owners, so we receive only our portion of those benefits. 

JOINT 

to  accomplish  prudent  acquisitions, 

WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS 
FROM  ACQUISITIONS, 
VENTURES, 
DIVESTITURES  AND  OTHER  CORPORATE 
TRANSACTIONS.  Our strategy for long-term growth, 
productivity and profitability depends, in part, on our 
ability 
joint 
ventures, divestitures and other corporate transactions 
and  to  realize  the  benefits  we  expect  from  such 
transactions, and we are subject to the risk that we may 
not achieve the expected benefits. Among the benefits 
we  expect  from  potential  as  well  as  completed 
acquisitions  and  joint  ventures  are  synergies,  cost 
savings, growth opportunities or access to new markets 
(or  a  combination  thereof),  and  in  the  case  of 
divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale 
of  businesses  and  assets  to  purchasers  who    place 
higher strategic value on such businesses and assets 

than does International Paper.

On December 1, 2016, for example, we completed our 
acquisition  of  Weyerhaeuser's  pulp  business.  The 
success of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our 
ability to realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings 
and growth opportunities from integrating the acquired 
business with our existing businesses. The integration 
process may be complex, costly and time-consuming, 
and  we  may  not  accomplish  the  integration  of  the 
business  smoothly,  successfully  or  within 
the 
anticipated  costs  or  timeframe.  Potential  integration 
risks  include,  among  other  things,  our  ability  to 
successfully  implement  our  business  plan  for  the 
combined business and retain key customers, suppliers 
and employees. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM  2. PROPERTIES

FORESTLANDS

As  of  December 31,  2016,  the  Company  owned  or 
managed approximately 329,000 acres of forestlands 
in  Brazil,  and  had,  through  licenses  and  forest 
management  agreements,  harvesting 
rights  on 
government-owned  forestlands  in  Russia. All  owned 
lands in Brazil are independently third-party certified for 
sustainable forestry under the Brazilian National Forest 
Certification  Program  (CERFLOR)  and    the  Forest 
Stewardship Council (FSC).

MILLS AND PLANTS

A listing of our production facilities by segment, the vast 
majority of which we own, can be found in Appendix I 
hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference.

The  Company’s  facilities  are  in  good  operating 
condition and are suited for the purposes for which they 
are  presently  being  used.  We  continue  to  study  the 
economics  of  modernization  or  adopting  other 
alternatives for higher cost facilities.

CAPITAL INVESTMENTS AND DISPOSITIONS

Given the size, scope and complexity of our business 
interests, we continually examine and evaluate a wide 
variety  of  business  opportunities  and  planning 
alternatives, including possible acquisitions and sales 
or  other  dispositions  of  properties.  You  can  find  a 
discussion  about 
level  of  planned  capital 
investments  for  2017  on  page  31  and  32,  and 
dispositions  and 
restructuring  activities  as  of 
December 31,  2016,  on  pages  23  and  24  of  Item 7. 
Management’s  Discussion  and Analysis  of  Financial 

the 

11

Condition and Results of Operations, and on page 54 
and pages 56 and 57 of Item 8. Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

concerning 

Information 
legal 
proceedings is set forth in Note 11 Commitments and 
Contingencies  on  pages  61  through  63  of  Item   8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

the  Company’s 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II.

ITEM 5.  MARKET  FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON 
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Dividend per share data on the Company’s common 
stock  and  the  high  and  low  sales  prices  for  the 
Company’s common stock for each of the four quarters 
in 2016 and 2015 are set forth on page 83 of Item 8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. As of 
the  filing  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K,  the 
Company’s common shares are traded on the New York 
Stock Exchange. As of February 17, 2017, there were 
approximately 12,311 record holders of common stock 
of the Company.
The  table  below  presents  information  regarding  the 
Company’s purchase of its equity securities for the time 
periods presented.

PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS.

Period
October 1, 2016 - October 31, 2016
November 1, 2016 - November 30, 2016
December 1, 2016 - December 31, 2016
Total

Total Number of Shares

Purchased (a)

Average Price Paid per

Share

Total Number of Shares (or
Units) Purchased as Part of

Publicly Announced

Programs

—
9,096
2,642
11,738

$—
45.03
52.29

—
—
—

Maximum Number

(or Approximate Dollar
Value) of Shares that
May Yet Be Purchased

Under the Plans or
Programs (in billions)
$0.933
0.933
0.933

(a)  11,738 shares were acquired from employees from share withholdings to pay income taxes under the Company’s restricted stock programs.  
During these periods, no shares were purchased under our share repurchase program, which was was approved by our Board of Directors 
and announced on July 8, 2014. Through this program, which does not have an expiration date, we were authorized to purchase, in open 
market transactions (including block trades), privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, up to $1.5 billion of shares of our common stock.  
As of February 17, 2017, approximately $933 million of shares of our common stock remained authorized for purchase under this program. 

12

PERFORMANCE GRAPH

The  performance  graph  shall  not  be  deemed  to  be 
“soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the Commission 
or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities 
of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

The following graph compares a $100 investment in 
Company  stock  on  December 31,  2011  with  a  $100 
investment in our Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) 
Peer Group and the S&P 500 also made at market close 
on December 31, 2011. The graph portrays total return, 
2011–2016, assuming reinvestment of dividends.

Note 1:   The companies included in the ROIC Peer Group are Domtar Inc., Fibria Celulose S.A., Graphic Packaging Holding Company, Klabin 
S.A., Metsa Board Corporation, Mondi Group, Packaging Corporation of America, Smurfit Kappa Group, Stora Enso Group, and UPM-
Kymmene Corp. MeadWestvaco Corp. and Rock-Tenn Company are included in the ROIC Peer Group results through 2014 and 
subsequently, after the merger of those companies, WestRock was added to the Peer group beginning in 2015.

Note 2:   Returns are calculated in $USD.

13

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY (a) 

Dollar amounts in millions, except per
share amounts and stock prices
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Net sales
Costs and expenses, excluding interest
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations before income taxes and
equity earnings
Equity earnings (loss), net of taxes
Discontinued operations, net of taxes
Net earnings (loss)
Noncontrolling interests, net of taxes
Net earnings (loss) attributable to
International Paper Company
FINANCIAL POSITION
Current assets less current liabilities
Plants, properties and equipment, net
Forestlands
Total assets
Notes payable and current maturities of
long-term debt
Long-term debt
Total shareholders’ equity
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL
PAPER COMPANY COMMON
SHAREHOLDERS
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations
Discontinued operations
Net earnings (loss)
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL
PAPER COMPANY COMMON
SHAREHOLDERS
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations
Discontinued operations
Net earnings (loss)
Cash dividends
Total shareholders’ equity
COMMON STOCK PRICES
High
Low
Year-end
FINANCIAL RATIOS
Current ratio
Total debt to capital ratio
Return on shareholders’ equity
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

$ 21,079
19,603

956
198
(5)
902
(2)

904

$ 2,897
13,990
456
33,345

239
11,075
4,341

$

$

2.21
(0.01)
2.20

2.19
(0.01)
2.18
1.783
10.56

$ 54.68
32.50
53.06

  
  

(b) 

  
(c) 

(b-d) 

  

(b-d) 

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  

1.7
0.72
22.1% (b-d) 

$ 1,348
55,000

  
  

2016

 

2015

 

2014

 

2013

 

2012

 

$ 22,365
20,544

  
  

$ 23,617
22,138

  
  

$ 23,483
21,643

  
  

(j)

  
(k)

(j-l) 

  

(j-l) 

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

1,228
(39)
(309)
1,378
(17)

1,395

3,898
13,672
557
31,488

661
8,787
8,105

3.85
(0.70)
3.15

3.80
(0.69)
3.11
1.250
18.57

50.33
39.47
49.03

  
  

  
  
  

872
(200)
(13)
536
(19)

555

(g) 

(h)

(g-i)

  

(g-i)

3,050
12,728
507
28,637

742
8,584
5,115

1.33
(0.03)
1.30

1.31
(0.02)
1.29
1.450
12.18

55.73
44.24
53.58

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

$

$

$

$

$ 21,852
20,214

  
  

967
61
77
799
5

794

(m) 

  
(n)

(m-o) 

  

(m-o) 

$

$

$

$

3,907
13,949
622
32,106

444
9,649
6,304

1.65
0.17
1.82

1.63
0.17
1.80
1.088
14.33

39.88
27.29
39.84

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  

 

  

  
  
  

  
  
  

  
1.6
0.65
  
7.7% (g-i)
  
  

1,366
58,000

  
1.8
0.54
  
20.2% (j-l) 
  
  

$1,198
64,000

  
  

1.8
0.62
11.6% (m-o) 

$1,383
65,000

  
  

$

$

$

$

$

1,266
117
—
917
(21)

(e) 
  

(e-f) 

  

938

(e-f) 

2,553
11,980
366
30,531

426
8,844
3,884

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

2.25

  
—   
  

2.25

2.23

  
—   
  
  
  

2.23
1.640
9.43

57.90
36.76
37.70

  
  
  

  
  

1.7
0.70
20.0% (e-f) 
1,487
56,000

  
  

14

$

$

$

$

$

(d)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):

 

In millions
Cash pension contribution
U.S. Federal audit
Brazil goodwill
International legal entity restructuring
Luxembourg tax rate change

Total

2015:

(e)  Includes the following charges (gains):

2016

23
(14)
(57)
(6)
31
(23)

$

$

In millions
Riegelwood mill conversion costs, net 
of proceeds from sale of the Carolina 
Coated Bristols brand
Timber monetization restructuring
Early debt extinguishment costs
IP-Sun JV impairment
Legal reserve adjustment
Refund and state tax credits
Impairment of Orsa goodwill and 
trade name intangible
Other items

Total special items

Non-operating pension expense

Total

2015

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

$

$

8
16
207
174
15
(4)

137
6
559
258
817

$

$

$

4
10
133
180
9
(2)

137
5
476
157
633

(f)    Includes  the  following  tax  expenses  (benefits): 

In millions
IP-Sun JV impairment
Cash pension contribution
Other items

Total

2015

(67)
23
7
(37)

$

$

FINANCIAL GLOSSARY

Current ratio—

current assets divided by current liabilities.

Total debt to capital ratio—

long-term  debt  plus  notes  payable  and  current 
maturities of long-term debt divided by long-term 
debt, notes payable and current maturities of long-
term debt and total shareholders’ equity.

Return on shareholders’ equity—

net  earnings  attributable  to  International  Paper 
Company divided by average shareholders’ equity 
(computed monthly).

FOOTNOTES TO FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
 
(a)  All periods presented have been restated to reflect 
the xpedx business and the Temple-Inland Building 
Products business as discontinued operations and 
prior  period  amounts  have  been  adjusted  to 
conform  with  current  year  presentation, 
if 
applicable. 

2016:

(b)   Includes the following charges (gains):

In millions
Riegelwood mill conversion costs
India Packaging evaluation write-off
Write-off of certain regulatory pre-
engineering costs
Early debt extinguishment costs
Costs associated with the newly 
acquired pulp business
Asia Box impairment / restructuring
Gain on sale of investment in Arizona 
Chemical 
Turkey mill closure
Amortization of Weyerhaeuser 
inventory fair value step-up

Total special items

Non-operating pension expense

Total

2016

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

$

$

$

9
17

8
29

31
70

(8)
7

6
11

5
18

21
58

(5)
6

19
182
610
792

$

$

11
131
375
506

(c)   Includes a pre-tax charge of $8 million ($5 million 
after taxes) for a legal settlement associated with 
the xpedx business.

15

2014:

2013:

(g)  Includes the following charges (gains):

(j)  Includes the following charges (gains):

In millions
Temple-Inland integration
Courtland mill shutdown
Early debt extinguishment costs
India legal contingency resolution
Multi-employer pension plan 
withdrawal liability
Foreign tax amnesty program
Asia Industrial Packaging goodwill 
impairment
Loss on sale by investee and 
impairment of investment
Other items

Total special items

Non-operating pension expense

Total

2014

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

16
554
276
(20)

35
32

100

47
12
$ 1,052
212
$ 1,264

$

$

$

10
338
169
(20)

21
17

100

36
9
680
129
809

(h)  Includes  the  operating  earnings  of  the  xpedx 
business  prior  to  the  spin-off  and  the  following 
charges (gains):

In millions
xpedx spinoff
Building Products divestiture
xpedx restructuring

Total

2014

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

$

24
16
1
41

$

$

16
9
(1)
24

(i) Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):

In millions
State legislative tax change
Internal restructuring
Other items

Total

2014

10
(90)
(1)
(81)

$

$

In millions
Temple-Inland integration
Courtland mill shutdown
Early debt extinguishment costs
Insurance reimbursement related to
legal settlement
Shut down of paper machine at
Augusta mill
India Papers tradename and goodwill
impairment
Fair value adjustment of company
airplanes
Cass Lake environmental reserve
Bargain purchase adjustment -
Turkey
Other items

Total

Non-operating pension expense

Total

2013

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

$

$

62
118
25

(30)

45

127

9
6

(13)
(5)
344
323
667

$

$

$

38
72
16

(19)

28

122

5
4

(13)
2
255
197
452

(k)  Includes  the  operating  earnings  of  the  xpedx 
business  for  the  full  year  and  the Temple-Inland 
Building Products business through the date of sale 
in July 2013. Also includes the following charges 
(gains):

In millions
xpedx spinoff
xpedx goodwill impairment
Building Products divestiture
xpedx restructuring

Total

2013

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

$

22
400
23
32
477

$

$

14
366
19
19
418

(l) Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):

In millions
Settlement of U.S. federal tax audits
Income tax reserve release
Other items

Total

2013

(744)
(31)
1
(774)

$

$

16

2012:

(m)  Includes the following charges (gains):

(n)  Includes  the  operating  earnings  of  the  xpedx 
business and the Temple-Inland Building Products 
business for the full year. Also includes the following 
charges (gains):

In millions
Temple-Inland integration
Early debt extinguishment costs
EMEA packaging business
restructuring
Temple-Inland inventory fair value
adjustment
Hueneme mill long-lived asset fair
value adjustment
Containerboard mill divestitures
Other
Total

Non-operating pension expense

Total

2012

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

$

$

164
48

17

20

62
29
(5)
335
159
494

$

$

$

105
30

12

12

38
55
(5)
247
113
360

9
28
37

14

5
6
25

In millions
Building Products divestiture
xpedx restructuring

Total

2012

Before
Tax

After
Tax

$

$

15
44
59

$

$

(o)  Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):

In millions
Internal restructuring
Deferred tax asset adjustment related to
Medicare Part D reimbursement
Other
Total

2012

$

$

17

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND 
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

(loss)  attributable 

Diluted  earnings 
to  common 
shareholders were $904 million ($2.18 per share) in 2016, 
compared with $938 million ($2.23 per share) in 2015 and 
$555  million  ($1.29  per  share)  in  2014.  Adjusted 
Operating  Earnings  is  a  non-GAAP  measure  and  is 
defined  as  net  earnings  from  continuing  operations  (a 
GAAP  measure)  excluding  special  items  and  non-
operating  pension  expense. 
International  Paper 
generated Adjusted  Operating  Earnings Attributable  to 
Common Shareholders of $1.4 billion ($3.35 per share) 
in 2016, compared with $1.5 billion ($3.65 per share) in 
2015,  and  $1.3  billion  ($3.00  per  share)  in  2014  (see 
reconciliation on page 19).

Despite a tough global environment, International Paper 
delivered  another  year  of  solid  performance,  with 
continued strong cash flow generation and a return on 
invested capital in excess of our cost of capital. During 
2016, we took steps to further strengthen our portfolio. 
We  completed  the  acquisition  of  Weyerhaeuser’s  pulp 
business, which we have combined with IP’s legacy pulp 
business  to  form  our  new  Global  Cellulose  Fibers 
business. We also completed the conversion of a machine 
at the Riegelwood,  North  Carolina  mill to produce  fluff 
pulp,  which  coupled  with  the  newly  acquired  pulp 
business, gives the Company the capacity to grow both 
fluff and high-value specialty pulp products. In addition, 
we also acquired a top-quartile mill asset in Madrid, which 
we  will  convert  in  the  second  half  of  2017  to  produce 
recycled containerboard to support our EMEA Industrial 
Packaging business. Finally, we were able to return cash 
to our shareholders in the form of a 5% increase in the 
annual dividend, making it the fifth consecutive year of a 
dividend increase.

Our 2016 results reflect margin pressure across most of 
our businesses throughout the year along with escalating 
input costs, primarily natural gas and OCC, in the later 
portion  of  the  year.  Full-year  2016  earnings  were 
impacted by price erosion and weaker mix across many 
of  our  businesses,  in  particular,    our  North American 
Industrial Packaging business which experienced lower 
export pricing and the impact of early 2016 pricing index 
changes  to  boxes.  Volume  was  positive  compared  to 
2015, primarily driven by increased North American box 
demand.  Manufacturing  operations,  despite  solid 
performance  across  our  mill  systems,  were  negatively 
impacted by the Riegelwood conversion and ramp up, 
Hurricane  Matthew,  and  inventory  valuation  charges 
associated  with 
the  October  containerboard  price 
increase. We did see signs of strengthening in some of 
our  key  markets  in  the  second  half  of  the  year,  which 
enabled us to announce and implement  price increases 

18

across various businesses that will benefit us in 2017. Our 
Ilim  joint  venture  had  another  solid  year  in  2016, 
experiencing strong demand which led to record full-year 
production. 

Looking ahead to the 2017 first quarter, we expect sales 
volumes for North American Industrial Packaging to be 
slightly higher despite seasonally lower daily shipments 
due to four more shipping days. Sales volumes for Global 
Cellulose  Fibers  will  be  higher  due  to  the  full-quarter 
impact of the newly acquired pulp business. In addition, 
sales  volumes  for  EMEA  Industrial  Packaging,  North 
American Printing Papers and North American Consumer 
Packaging  are  also  expected  to  be  seasonally  higher. 
Pricing is expected to increase for both North American 
Industrial Packaging and Brazilian Industrial Packaging, 
reflecting  the  continuing  implementation  of  box  price 
increases  announced  in  2016.  Pricing  for  both  North 
American Printing Papers and North American Consumer 
Packaging  is  expected  to  be  lower  due  to  market 
pressures. Planned maintenance outages are expected 
to increase due to a heavy outage quarter, including a 
significant  outage  currently  underway  at  the  Global 
Cellulose  Fibers  Port  Wentworth  mill.  Input  costs  are 
expected  to  increase  primarily  for  our  North American 
operations, largely driven by natural gas, wood and OCC. 
Additionally,  we  expect  the  results  of  Ilim  to  be 
sequentially  lower,  primarily  due  to  seasonally  lower 
volumes and seasonally higher input costs.

in  our  North  American 

Looking  to  full  year  2017,  we  are  encouraged  by  an 
improving economic climate and are eager to begin the 
integration of our newly acquired pulp business, driving 
the anticipated synergies to the bottom line. We expect 
higher  earnings 
Industrial 
Packaging business through benefits from the previously 
announced  price  increase,  growing  demand  from  our 
customers and improvement initiatives. We also expect 
to improve margins with continued strong operations and 
extensive cost reduction efforts across many of our other 
businesses. Additionally, we are on track for our planned 
conversion of the Madrid mill in the second half of the 
year, which will enable a better offering for our customers 
and  earnings  improvement  for  our  EMEA  Industrial 
Packaging business. Finally, with the strong cash flow that 
we expect from all of these initiatives, we will continue to 
allocate capital to create value with a near-term focus on 
debt reduction and returning value to our shareholders.

Adjusted  Operating  Earnings  and  Adjusted  Operating 
Earnings  Per  Share  are  non-GAAP  measures.  Diluted 
earnings  (loss)  and  Diluted  earnings  (loss)  per  share 
attributable to common shareholders are the most direct 
comparable GAAP measures. The Company calculates 
Adjusted Operating Earnings by excluding the after-tax 
effect of items considered by management to be unusual, 
from the earnings reported under GAAP, non-operating 
pension  expense  (includes  all  U.S.  pension  costs, 
excluding  service  costs  and  prior  service  costs),  and 

discontinued  operations. Adjusted  Operating  Earnings 
Per Share is calculated by dividing Adjusted Operating 
Earnings  by  diluted  average  shares  of  common  stock 
outstanding. Management uses this measure to focus on 
on-going  operations,  and  believes  that  it  is  useful  to 
investors because it enables them to perform meaningful 
comparisons of past and present operating results. The 
Company believes that using this information, along with 
the most direct comparable GAAP measure, provides for 
a more complete analysis of the results of operations. 

(loss)  attributable 

Diluted  earnings 
to  common 
shareholders  were  $0.53  in  the  2016  fourth  quarter, 
compared with $0.75 in the 2016 third quarter and $0.43 
in the 2015 fourth quarter. Adjusted Operating Earnings 
attributable  to  common  shareholders  of  $303  million 
($0.73 per share) in the 2016 fourth quarter were lower 
than both the $380 million ($0.91 per share) in the 2016 
third quarter and  the $361 million ($0.87 per share) in the 
2015 fourth quarter. 

The following are reconciliations of Diluted earnings (loss) 
attributable 
to  Adjusted 
operating earnings attributable to common shareholders. 

to  common  shareholders 

Diluted Earnings (Loss) Attributable 
to Shareholders
Add back - Discontinued operations 
(gain) loss
Diluted Earnings (Loss) from 
Continuing Operations
Add back - Non-operating pension 
(income) expense
Add back - Net special items expense 
(income)
Income tax effect - Non-operating 
pension and special items expense
Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) 
Attributable to Shareholders

Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
Attributable to Shareholders
Add back - Discontinued operations 
(gain) loss per share
Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
from Continuing Operations
Add back - Non-operating pension 
(income) expense
Add back - Net special items expense 
(income)
Income tax effect - Non-operating 
pension and special items expense
Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) 
Per Share Attributable to 
Shareholders

2016

2015

2014

$ 904 $ 938 $ 555

5

909

610

182

—

938

258

13

568

212

559

1,052

(309)

(221)

(536)

$ 1,392 $ 1,534 $ 1,296

2016

2015

2014

$ 2.18 $ 2.23 $ 1.29

0.01

2.19

1.47

0.44

—

2.23

0.61

1.33

0.02

1.31

0.49

2.44

(0.75)

(0.52)

(1.24)

$ 3.35 $ 3.65 $ 3.00

Three Months 
December 31, 

Ended 
2016

Three Months 

Ended 

Three Months 

Ended 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2016

2015

Diluted Earnings 
(Loss) Attributable 
to Shareholders
Add back - 
Discontinued 
operations (gain) loss

Diluted Earnings 
(Loss) from 
Continuing 
Operations
Add back - Non-
operating pension 
(income) expense
Add back - Net 
special items 
expense (income)
Income tax effect - 
Non-operating 
pension and special 
items expense
Adjusted Operating 
Earnings (Loss) 
Attributable to 
Shareholders

Diluted Earnings 
(Loss) Per Share 
Attributable to 
Shareholders
Add back - 
Discontinued 
operations (gain) loss 
per share
Diluted Earnings 
(Loss) Per Share 
from Continuing 
Operations
Add back - Non-
operating pension 
(income) expense 
per share
Add back - Net 
special items 
expense (income) 
per share
Income tax effect per 
share - Non-
operating pension 
and special items 
expense
Adjusted Operating 
Earnings (Loss) Per 
Share Attributable 
to Shareholders

$

218

$

312

$

178

—

218

37

45

3

—

312

42

66

—

178

60

158

(40)

(35)

$

303

$

380

$

361

Three Months 
December 31, 

Ended 
2016

Three Months 

Ended 

Three Months 

Ended 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2016

2015

$

0.53

$

0.75

$

0.43

—

0.53

0.09

0.11

—

0.75

0.10

0.16

—

0.43

0.14

0.38

—

(0.10)

(0.08)

$

0.73

$

0.91

$

0.87

Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and the most 
directly comparable GAAP measure is cash provided by 
operations. Management believes that Free Cash Flow 
is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it 
measures the amount of cash generated that is available, 
after  reinvesting  in  the  business,  to  maintain  a  strong 
balance sheet, pay dividends, repurchase stock, repay 
debt and make investments for future growth. It should 
not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is 
available for discretionary expenditures. By adjusting for 
certain  items  that  are  not  indicative  of  the  Company's 
ongoing  performance,  free  cash  flow  also  enables 
investors  to  perform  meaningful  comparisons  between 

19

past and present periods. Free Cash Flow of $1.9 billion 
generated  in  2016  was  higher  than  the    $1.8  billion 
generated  in    2015,  but  lower  than  the  $2.1  billion 
generated in 2014 (see reconciliation on page 30).

Free Cash Flow of $467 million generated in the 2016 
fourth quarter was lower than the $575 million generated 
in the 2016 third quarter and the $501 million generated 
in the 2015 fourth quarter (see reconciliation on page 30). 

Results of Operations

Business  Segment  Operating  Profits  are  used  by 
International  Paper’s  management  to  measure  the 
earnings  performance  of  its  businesses.  Management 
believes that this measure allows a better understanding 
of  trends  in  costs,  operating  efficiencies,  prices  and 
volumes.  Business  Segment  Operating  Profits  are 
defined  as  earnings  (loss)  from  continuing  operations 
before income taxes and equity earnings, but including 
the impact of equity earnings and noncontrolling interests, 
excluding corporate items and corporate special items. 
Business Segment Operating Profits are defined by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission as a non-GAAP 
financial measure, and are not GAAP alternatives to net 
income  or  any  other  operating  measure  prescribed  by 
accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  United 
States. 

International Paper operates in four segments: Industrial 
Packaging, Global Cellulose Fibers, Printing Papers and 
Consumer Packaging. 

Three Months 

December 31, 

178

—

178

60

158

(35)

361

Three Months 

December 31, 

0.43

—

0.43

0.14

0.38

(0.08)

0.87

Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and the most 
directly comparable GAAP measure is cash provided by 
operations. Management believes that Free Cash Flow 
is useful to investors as a liquidity measure because it 
measures the amount of cash generated that is available, 
after  reinvesting  in  the  business,  to  maintain  a  strong 
balance sheet, pay dividends, repurchase stock, repay 
debt and make investments for future growth. It should 
not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is 
available for discretionary expenditures. By adjusting for 
certain  items  that  are  not  indicative  of  the  Company's 
ongoing  performance,  free  cash  flow  also  enables 
investors  to  perform  meaningful  comparisons  between 

The  following  table  presents  a  reconciliation  of  net 
earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to 
International  Paper  Company  to  its  total  Business 
Segment Operating Profit:
 

In millions
Earnings (Loss) From Continuing 
Operations Attributable to 
International Paper Company
Add back (deduct)

Income tax provision (benefit)
Equity (earnings) loss, net of taxes
Noncontrolling interests, net of 
taxes

Earnings (Loss) From Continuing 
Operations Before Income Taxes 
and Equity Earnings
Interest expense, net
Noncontrolling interests/equity 
earnings included in operations
Corporate items
Corporate special items (income) 
expense
Non-operating pension expense
Earnings (Loss) From Continuing
Operations Before Income Taxes
and Equity Earnings
Business Segment Operating Profit
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Total Business Segment Operating 
Profit

2016

2015

2014

$

909 $ 938 $ 568

247
(198)

466
(117)

123
200

(2)

(21)

(19)

956
520

1
69

46
610

1,266
555

8
36

238
258

872
601

2
51

320
212

$ 2,202 $ 2,361 $ 2,058

$ 1,651 $ 1,853 $ 1,896
61
(77)
178

(180)
540
191

68
465
(25)

$ 2,202 $ 2,361 $ 2,058

Business Segment Operating Profits in 2016 included a 
net loss from special items of $136 million compared with 
$321  million  in  2015  and  $732  million  in  2014.
Operationally,  compared  with  2015,  the    benefits  from 
higher sales volumes ($62 million), lower maintenance 
outage costs ($14 million), lower input costs ($82 million) 
and the incremental operating earnings from the newly 
acquired pulp business ($17 million) were offset by lower 
average sales price realizations and mix ($443 million), 
higher  operating  costs  ($62  million)    and  higher  other 
costs ($14 million). 

20

 

and lower input costs were partially offset by lower 
sales  volumes, 
lower  average  sales  price 
realizations  and  mix  and  higher  other  costs.  In 
addition, operating profits in  2016 included a charge 
of  $9  million  related  to  the  conversion  of  our 
Riegelwood mill to 100% pulp production.  In 2015, 
operating  losses  included  an  asset  impairment 
charge of $174 million related to the sale of our 55% 
equity share of the IP-Sun JV in Asia, a net cost of 
$8 million related to costs for our Riegelwood mill 
conversion,  net  of  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  the 
Carolina  Coated  Bristols  brand,  and  $2  million  of 
sheet plant closure costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The principal changes in operating profit by segment 
were as follows:
 

• 

Industrial  Packaging’s  profits  of  $1.7  billion  were 
$202 million lower than in 2015 as the benefits of 
higher  sales  volumes,  lower  maintenance  outage 
costs and lower input costs were more than offset 
by lower average sales price realizations and mix, 
higher  operating  costs  and  higher  other  costs.  In 
addition, operating profits in 2016 included a charge 
of  $70  million  for  impairment  and  other  costs 
associated with the sale of our corrugated packaging 
business in Asia and a charge of $7 million related 
to the closure of a mill in Turkey.  In 2015, operating 
profits 
trade  name 
impairment  charge  of  $137  million  related  to  our 
Brazil Packaging business.  

included  a  goodwill  and 

•  Global  Cellulose  Fibers'  operating  loss  of  $180 
million was $248 million unfavorable versus 2015 as 
the  benefits  of  higher  sales  volumes,  lower  input 
costs, lower other costs and the earnings from the 
newly acquired business were more than offset by 
lower  average  sales  price  realizations  and  mix, 
higher  operating  costs  and  higher  maintenance 
outage costs.  The operating loss in 2016 included 
$31 million of costs associated with the acquisition 
of the pulp business and a charge of  $19 million to 
amortize the newly acquired pulp business inventory 
fair value adjustment.

•  Printing Papers’ profits of $540 million represented 
a $75 million increase in operating profits from 2015. 
The  benefits  from  higher  sales  volumes,  higher 
average  sales  price  realizations  and  mix,  lower 
operating  costs,  lower  maintenance  outage  costs 
and lower input costs were partially offset by higher 
other costs.

•  Consumer  Packaging’s  operating  profit  of  $191 
million  represented  a    $216  million  increase  in 
operating profits from 2015. The benefits from lower 
operating costs, lower maintenance outage costs, 

21

For  the  year  ended  December 31,  2016,  International 
Paper generated $2.5 billion of cash flow from operations 
compared with $2.6 billion in 2015 and $3.1 billion in 2014.
Cash flow from operations included $750 million, $750 
million and $353 million of cash pension contributions in 
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Capital spending for 
2016  totaled  $1.3  billion,  or  110%  of  depreciation  and 
amortization expense. Net increases in debt totaled $1.9 
billion, the proceeds from which were primarily used to 
fund the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser pulp business. 
Our  liquidity  position  remains  strong,  supported  by 
approximately  $2.1  billion  of  credit  facilities  that  we 
believe  are  adequate 
liquidity 
requirements.  Maintaining  an  investment-grade  credit 
rating for our long-term debt continues to be an important 
element in our overall financial strategy.

to  meet 

future 

We expect strong cash generation again in 2017 and will 
continue our balanced use of cash through the payment 
of dividends, reducing total debt and making investments 
for future growth.

Capital spending for 2017 is targeted at $1.5 billion, or 
about 107% of depreciation and amortization.

Legal

See Note 11 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities on 
pages 61 through 63 of Item 8. Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data for a discussion of legal matters.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

While  the  operating  results  for  International  Paper’s 
various business segments are driven by a number of 
business-specific  factors,  changes  in  International 
Paper’s operating results are closely tied to changes in 
general economic conditions in North America, Europe, 
Russia, Latin America, Asia, Africa and the Middle East. 
Factors that impact the demand for our products include 
industrial  non-durable  goods  production,  consumer 
spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, 
white-collar  employment  levels,  and  movements  in 
currency exchange rates.

and lower input costs were partially offset by lower 
lower  average  sales  price 
realizations  and  mix  and  higher  other  costs.  In 
addition, operating profits in  2016 included a charge 
of  $9  million  related  to  the  conversion  of  our 
Riegelwood mill to 100% pulp production.  In 2015, 
operating  losses  included  an  asset  impairment 
charge of $174 million related to the sale of our 55% 
equity share of the IP-Sun JV in Asia, a net cost of 
$8 million related to costs for our Riegelwood mill 
conversion,  net  of  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  the 
Carolina  Coated  Bristols  brand,  and  $2  million  of 

For  the  year  ended  December 31,  2016,  International 
Paper generated $2.5 billion of cash flow from operations 
compared with $2.6 billion in 2015 and $3.1 billion in 2014.
Cash flow from operations included $750 million, $750 
million and $353 million of cash pension contributions in 
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Capital spending for 
2016  totaled  $1.3  billion,  or  110%  of  depreciation  and 
amortization expense. Net increases in debt totaled $1.9 
billion, the proceeds from which were primarily used to 
fund the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser pulp business. 
Our  liquidity  position  remains  strong,  supported  by 
approximately  $2.1  billion  of  credit  facilities  that  we 
liquidity 
requirements.  Maintaining  an  investment-grade  credit 
rating for our long-term debt continues to be an important 

We expect strong cash generation again in 2017 and will 
continue our balanced use of cash through the payment 
of dividends, reducing total debt and making investments 

Capital spending for 2017 is targeted at $1.5 billion, or 

See Note 11 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities on 
pages 61 through 63 of Item 8. Financial Statements and 

Product  prices  are  affected  by  general  economic 
trends,  inventory  levels,  currency  exchange  rate 
movements  and  worldwide  capacity  utilization.  In 
addition to these revenue-related factors, net earnings 
are  impacted  by  various  cost  drivers,  the  more 
significant  of  which  include  changes  in  raw  material 
costs,  principally  wood,  recycled  fiber  and  chemical 
costs; energy costs; freight costs; salary and benefits 
costs, 
including  pensions;  and  manufacturing 
conversion costs.

The following is a discussion of International Paper’s 
results of operations for the year ended December 31, 
2016,  and  the  major  factors  affecting  these  results 
compared to 2015 and 2014.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, International 
Paper reported net sales of $21.1 billion, compared with 
$22.4  billion  in  2015  and  $23.6  billion  in  2014. 
International net sales (including U.S. exports) totaled 
$7.2 billion or 34% of total sales in 2016. This compares 
with international net sales of $7.8 billion in 2015 and 
$9.3 billion in 2014.

Full year 2016 net earnings attributable to International 
Paper Company totaled $904 million ($2.18 per share), 
compared with net earnings of $938 million ($2.23 per 
share) in 2015 and $555 million ($1.29 per share) in 
2014. Amounts in 2016 and 2014 include the results of 
discontinued operations.

Earnings  from  continuing  operations  attributable  to 
International Paper Company after taxes in 2016, 2015 
and 2014 were as follows:

In millions
Earnings from continuing
operations attributable to
International Paper
Company

2016

2015

2014

$ 909 (a) $ 938 (b) $ 568 (c)

(a) Includes $108 million of net special items charges and $375 
million of non-operating pension expense which included a pre-
tax  charge  of  $439  million  ($270  million  after  taxes)  for  a 
settlement accounting charge associated with payments under 
a term-vested lump sum buyout.

(b) Includes $439 million of net special items charges and $157 

million of non-operating pension expense.

(c)  Includes $599 million of net special items gains and $129 million 

of non-operating pension expense in 2014.

Compared with 2015, the benefits from higher sales 
volumes, lower maintenance outage costs, lower input 
costs,  incremental  earnings  from  the  acquisition  of 
Weyerhaeuser's pulp business, lower interest expense 
and lower tax expense were offset by lower average 
sales price realizations and mix, higher operating costs 
and higher corporate and other costs.  In addition, 2016 
results included higher equity earnings, net of taxes, 

relating to the Company’s investment in Ilim Holding, 
SA.

See Business Segment Results on pages 25 through 
30 for a discussion of the impact of these factors by 
segment.

Discontinued Operations

2016: 

In 2016, there was $5 million of discontinued operations 
expense associated with a legal settlement related to 
the xpedx business.

2015: 

There were no discontinued operations in 2015.

2014:

In 2014, $24 million of net income adjustments were 
recorded relating to discontinued businesses, including 
$16 million of costs associated with the spin-off of the 
xpedx business and $9 million of costs associated with 
the divestiture of the Temple-Inland Building Products 
business. Also included are the operating earnings of 
the xpedx business prior to the spin-off on July 1, 2014.

Income Taxes

A net income tax provision of $247 million was recorded 
for 2016 including tax benefits of $63 million related to  
legal entity restructurings, a tax expense of $31 million 
associated with a tax rate change in Luxembourg, a tax 
expense of $23 million associated with the $750 million 
of 2016 cash pension contributions, and a tax benefit 
of $14 million related to the closure of a federal tax audit. 
Excluding these items, a $51 million tax benefit for other 
special items and a $235 million tax benefit related to 
non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was 
$556 million, or 32% of pre-tax earnings before equity 
earnings.

A net income tax provision of $466 million was recorded 
for 2015 including a tax benefit of $62 million related to 
internal restructurings, a tax expense of $23 million for 
the tax impact of the 2015 cash pension contribution of 
$750  million  and  a  $2  million  tax  expense  for  other 

22

that  additional  charges  and  costs  will  be  incurred  in 
future  periods  in  our  core  businesses  should  such 
triggering events occur.

During 2016, 2015 and 2014, pre-tax restructuring and 
other  charges  totaling  $54  million,  $252  million  and 
$846 million were recorded in the business segments. 
Details of these charges are as follows:

Restructuring and
Other
In millions
Business Segments

Riegelwood mill
conversion costs net of
proceeds from the sale
of Carolina Coated
Bristols brand
Turkey mill closure
Courtland mill
shutdown
Other items

Corporate
Early debt
extinguishment costs
(see Note 13)
India Packaging
business evaluation
write-off
Gain on sale of
investment in Arizona
Chemical
Timber monetization
restructuring
Legal liability reserve
adjustment
Other Items

2016

2015

2014

$

9 (a) $
7 (b)

8 (a) $ —
—
—

—
—
16

—
2 (a)
10

554 (c)
15 (d)
569

$

29

207

276

17

(8)

—

—
—
38
54

—

—

16

—

—

—

15
4
242
$ 252

—
1
277
$ 846

Total

$

(a) Recorded in the Consumer Packaging business segment.
(b) Recorded in the Industrial Packaging business segment.
(c) Recorded in the Printing Papers business segment.
(d)  Recorded  in  the  Industrial  Packaging  business  segment  ($7 
million)  and  Consumer  Packaging  business  segment  ($8 
million).

items.  Excluding  these  items,  an  $83  million  net  tax 
benefit for other special items and a $101 million tax 
benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the 
tax  provision  was  $687  million,  or  33%  of  pre-tax 
earnings before equity earnings.

A net income tax provision of $123 million was recorded 
for 2014 including a tax benefit of $90 million related to 
internal restructurings and a net $9 million tax expense 
for other items. Excluding these items, a $372 million 
net tax benefit for other special items and a $83 million 
tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, 
the tax provision was $659 million, or 31% of pre-tax 
earnings before equity earnings.

Equity Earnings, Net of Taxes

Equity earnings, net of taxes in 2016, 2015 and 2014 
consisted  principally  of  the  Company’s  share  of 
earnings from its 50% investment in Ilim Holding S.A. 
in Russia (see page 29 and 30).

Interest Expense and Noncontrolling Interest

Net corporate interest expense totaled $520 million in 
2016, $555 million in 2015 and $601 million in 2014.  
The decrease in 2016 compared with 2015 is due to 
lower  average  interest  rates.  The  decrease  in  2015 
compared with 2014 also reflects lower average interest 
rates. 

Net  earnings  attributable  to  noncontrolling  interests 
totaled a loss of $2 million in 2016 compared with a loss 
of $21 million in 2015 and a loss of  $19 million in 2014.  
The decrease in 2016 reflects the sale of our equity 
share of the IP-Sun JV in 2015. The decrease in 2015 
compared with 2014 also reflects the sale of our interest 
in the IP-Sun JV and lower earnings for the joint venture 
in China prior to its divestiture. 

Special Items

Restructuring and Other Charges

International Paper continually evaluates its operations 
for improvement opportunities targeted to (a) focus our 
portfolio on our core businesses, (b) realign capacity to 
operate fewer facilities with the same revenue capability 
and  close  high  cost  facilities,  and  (c) reduce  costs. 
Annually, strategic operating plans are developed by 
each  of  our  businesses.  If  it  subsequently  becomes 
apparent that a facility’s plan will not be achieved, a 
decision  is  then  made  to,  among  other  outcomes, 
(a) invest  additional  capital  to  upgrade  the  facility, 
(b) shut down the facility and record the corresponding 
charge, or (c) evaluate the expected recovery of the 
carrying  value  of  the  facility  to  determine  if  an 
impairment  of  the  assets  have  occurred.  In  recent 
years, this policy has led to the shutdown of a number 
of  facilities  and  the  recording  of  significant  asset 
impairment charges and severance costs. It is possible 

23

Other Corporate Special Items

In addition, other corporate special items totaling $8 
million,  $4  million  and  $43  million  were  recorded  in 
2016,  2015  and  2014,  respectively.  Details  of  these 
charges were as follows:

earnings from the newly acquired pulp business ($17 
million) were more than offset by lower average sales 
price  realizations  and  mix  ($443  million),  higher 
operating costs ($62 million)  and higher other costs 
($14 million). Special items were a $136 million net loss 
in 2016 compared with a net loss of $321 million in 2015.

Other Corporate Items
In millions

Write-off of certain regulatory pre-
engineering costs
Sale of investment by ASG and
impairment of that investment
Other

Total

Impairments of Goodwill

2016

2015

2014

$

$

8 $ — $ —

—
—
8 $

—
(4)
(4) $

47
(4)
43

No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in 2016.

In the fourth quarter of 2015, in conjunction with the 
annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill 
impairments,  the  Company  calculated  the  estimated 
fair  value  of  its  Brazil  Packaging  business  and 
determined  that  all  of  the  goodwill  in  the  business, 
totaling $137 million, should be written off. The decline 
in the fair value of the Brazil Packaging business and 
resulting impairment charge was due to the negative 
impacts on the cash flows of the business caused by 
the continued decline of the overall Brazilian economy.

In the fourth quarter of 2014, in conjunction with the 
annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill 
impairments,  the  Company  calculated  the  estimated 
fair value of its Asia Industrial Packaging business using 
expected discounted future cash flows and determined 
that due to a change in the strategic outlook, all of the 
goodwill of this business, totaling $100 million, should 
be written off. The decline in the fair value of the Asia 
Industrial Packaging business and resulting impairment 
charge was due to a change in the strategic outlook for 
the business.

Market-related  downtime 
approximately  448,000 
440,000 tons in 2015. 

in  2016 

increased 

to 
from  approximately 

tons 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS SEGMENTS

International  Paper’s  business  segments  discussed 
below are consistent with the internal structure used to 
manage 
these  businesses.  All  segments  are 
differentiated on a common product, common customer 
basis  consistent  with  the  business  segmentation 
generally used in the forest products industry.

Industrial Packaging

in 

include 

International  Paper  is  the  largest  manufacturer  of 
containerboard 
the  United  States.  Our  U.S. 
production capacity is over 13 million tons annually. Our 
products 
linerboard,  medium,  whitetop, 
recycled linerboard, recycled medium and saturating 
kraft.    About  80%  of  our  production  is  converted 
domestically 
into  corrugated  boxes  and  other 
packaging  by  our  166  U.S.  container  plants. 
Additionally, we recycle approximately one million tons 
of  OCC  and  mixed  and  white  paper  through  our  18 
recycling plants. In EMEA, our operations include two 
recycled  fiber  containerboard  mills  in  Morocco  and 
Turkey and 26 container plants in France, Italy, Spain, 
Morocco  and  Turkey.  During  2016  we  acquired  a 
newsprint mill in Spain which we intend to convert to a 
recycled containerboard mill during 2017. In Brazil our 
operations include three containerboard mills and four 
box  plants.  Our  container  plants  are  supported  by 
regional  design  centers,  which  offer  total  packaging 
solutions and supply chain initiatives.

Net Losses on Sales and Impairments of Businesses

Global Cellulose Fibers

Net  losses  on  sales  and  impairments  of  businesses 
included in special items totaled a pre-tax loss of $70 
million in 2016, a pre-tax loss of $174 million in 2015 
and a pre-tax loss of $38 million in 2014. See Note 7 
Divestitures / Spinoff on pages 56 and 57 of Item 8. 
Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data)  for 
further discussion.

Business Segment Operating Profits

Business  segment  operating  profits  of  $2.2  billion  in 
2016 decreased from $2.4 billion in 2015. The  benefits 
from  higher  sales  volumes  ($62  million),  higher 
maintenance  outage  costs  ($14  million),  lower  input 
costs  ($82  million)  and  the  incremental  operating 

Our  cellulose  fibers  product  portfolio  includes  fluff, 
market and specialty pulps. Our fluff pulp is used to 
make absorbent hygiene products like baby diapers,  
feminine care, adult incontinence and other non-woven 
products, and our market pulp is used for tissue and 
paper products. We continue to invest in exploring new 
innovative uses for our products, such as our specialty 
pulps,  which  are  used  for  non-absorbent  end  uses 
including textiles, filtration, construction material, paints 
and  coatings,  reinforced  plastics  and  more.  Our 
products  are  made  in  the  United  States,  Canada, 
France, Poland, and Russia and are sold around the 
world. International Paper facilities have annual dried 
pulp capacity of about 4 million metric tonnes.

24

Printing Papers

BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS

The following tables present net sales and operating 
profit  (loss)  which  is  the  Company's  measure  of 
segment  profitability.  The  tables  include  a  detail  of 
special items in each year, where applicable, in order 
to show operating profit before special items.

Industrial Packaging

Demand  for  Industrial  Packaging  products  is  closely 
correlated  with  non-durable 
industrial  goods 
production, as well as with demand for processed foods, 
poultry, meat and agricultural products. In addition to 
prices  and  volumes,  major  factors  affecting  the 
profitability of Industrial Packaging are raw material and 
energy  costs,  freight  costs,  manufacturing  efficiency 
and product mix. 

Industrial Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Turkey mill closure
Asia Packaging restructuring
and impairment
Brazil Packaging goodwill and
trade name impairment
Temple-Inland acquisition
Multi-employer pension
withdrawal liability
Box plant closures
EMEA Packaging
restructuring
Turkey acquisition
Brazil Packaging integration
costs
Asia Packaging goodwill
impairment

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 14,191 $ 14,484 $ 14,944
1,651 $ 1,853 $ 1,896
$
—

—

7

70

—
—

—
—

—
—

—

—

—

137
—

—
—

—
—

—

—

7

—
16

35
(5)

5
1

(1)

100

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

$

1,728 $ 1,990 $ 2,054

Industrial Packaging net sales for 2016 decreased 2% to 
$14.2 billion compared with $14.5 billion in 2015, and 
5%  compared  with  $14.9  billion  in  2014.    Operating 
profits in 2016 were 11% lower than in 2015 and  13%
lower than in 2014.  Comparing 2016 with 2015, benefits 
from  higher  sales  volumes  ($61  million), 
lower 
maintenance outage costs ($15 million) and lower input 
costs ($42 million) were offset by lower average sales 
price  realizations  and  mix  ($278  million),  higher 
operating costs ($101 million) and higher other costs 
($1 million).  In addition, special items were an expense 
of $77 million in 2016 compared with  $137 million in 
2015.

International  Paper  is  one  of  the  world’s  largest 
producers of printing and writing papers. The primary 
product  in  this  segment  is  uncoated  papers.  This 
business produces papers for use in copiers, desktop 
and  laser  printers  and  digital  imaging.  End  use 
applications 
include  advertising  and  promotional 
materials  such  as  brochures,  pamphlets,  greeting 
cards, books, annual reports and direct mail. Uncoated 
papers  also  produces  a  variety  of  grades  that  are 
converted  by  our  customers  into  envelopes,  tablets, 
business forms and file folders. Uncoated papers are 
sold under private label and International Paper brand 
names 
include  Hammermill,  Springhill, 
Williamsburg,  Postmark,  Accent,  Great  White, 
Chamex,  Ballet,  Rey,  Pol,  and  Svetocopy. The  mills 
producing uncoated papers are located in the United 
States, France, Poland, Russia, Brazil and India. The 
mills  have  uncoated  paper  production  capacity  of 
approximately  4 million 
tons  annually.  Brazilian 
operations  function  through  International  Paper  do 
Brasil,  Ltda,  which  owns  or  manages  approximately 
329,000 acres of forestlands in Brazil.

that 

Consumer Packaging

International  Paper  is  one  of  the  world’s  largest 
producers of solid bleached sulfate board with annual 
U.S. production capacity of about 1.2 million tons . Our 
coated  paperboard  business  produces  high  quality 
coated  paperboard  for  a  variety  of  packaging  and 
foodservice  end uses. Our Everest®, Fortress®, and 
Starcote® brands are used in packaging applications 
for  everyday  products  such  as  food,  cosmetics, 
pharmaceuticals  and  tobacco  products.  Our  U.S. 
capacity  is  supplemented  by  about  395,000  tons  of 
capacity at our mills producing coated board in Poland 
and Russia.

Our  Foodservice  business  produces  cups,  lids,  food 
containers  and  plates  through  three  domestic  plants 
and four international facilities.

Ilim Holding S.A.

In October 2007, International Paper and Ilim Holding 
S.A. (Ilim) completed a 50:50 joint venture to operate a 
pulp  and  paper  business  located  in  Russia.  Ilim’s 
facilities include three paper mills located in Bratsk, Ust-
Ilimsk,  and  Koryazhma,  Russia,  with  combined  total 
pulp and paper capacity of over 3.4 million tons. Ilim 
has exclusive harvesting rights on timberland and forest 
areas  exceeding  14.9 million  acres  (6.0  million 
hectares).

Products and brand designations appearing in italics 
are  trademarks  of  International  Paper  or  a  related 
company.

25

North American Industrial
Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Temple-Inland acquisition
Multi-employer pension
withdrawal liability
Box plant closures

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 12,227 $ 12,541 $ 12,663
1,757 $ 2,009 $ 1,986
$
16

—

—

—
—

—
—

35
(5)

$

1,757 $ 2,009 $ 2,032

EMEA Industrial Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Turkey Mill Closure
EMEA Packaging
restructuring
Turkey acquisition

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

$
$

$

 

 

2016

2015

2014

1,227 $ 1,114 $ 1,307
25
—

13 $
—

15 $
7

—
—

—
—

22 $

13 $

5
1

31

Industrial  Packaging's  sales  volumes 
North  American 
increased in 2016 compared with 2015 reflecting higher 
box shipments and higher shipments of containerboard 
to export markets. In 2016, the business  took about 
914,000 tons of total downtime of which about 445,000 
were  economic  downtime  and  469,000  were 
maintenance  downtime.  The  business  took  about 
814,000 tons of total downtime in 2015 of which 363,000 
were  economic  downtime  and  451,000  were 
maintenance 
price 
realizations were significantly lower for containerboard 
due  to  pricing  pressures  in  export  markets. Average 
sales  prices  for  boxes  were  lower  primarily  due  to 
contract de-escalators that were triggered in the first 
quarter by a decrease in a key containerboard price 
index.  Input  costs  for  wood,  energy  and  freight  fuel 
surcharges  were  lower,  but  for  recycled  fiber  were 
higher.    Planned  maintenance  downtime  costs  were 
$16 million lower in 2016 than in 2015. 

downtime.  Average 

sales 

the 

reflecting 

increase, 

Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2017, compared 
with the fourth quarter of 2016, sales volumes for boxes 
are expected to be slightly higher despite seasonally 
lower daily shipments due to four more shipping days. 
Shipments  of  containerboard  to  export  markets  are 
expected to decrease. Average sales price realizations 
should 
continuing 
implementation of the box price increase announced in 
the fourth quarter of 2016.  Input costs are expected to 
be higher for recycled fiber, energy and wood. Planned 
maintenance  downtime  spending  is  expected  to  be 
about $57 million higher. Operating costs are expected 
to improve.  In addition, the Company is evaluating the 
financial impact of the digester incident that occurred 
on January 22, 2017 at the Pensacola mill.  It is currently 
estimated that the total impact will be in excess of $50 
million,  but  that  property  damage  and  business 
interruption insurance will cover a significant portion of 
the  costs.  The  timing  of  these  costs  and  potential 
insurance recoveries is unknown.

EMEA Industrial Packaging's sales volumes in 2016 were 
higher than in 2015 reflecting improved market demand 
in the Eurozone and recovery from the prior year labor 
strikes in Turkey. Average sales margins improved due 
to sales price increases and material cost decreases.  
Input costs for energy were lower, but operations were 
negatively 
foreign  exchange  rates, 
primarily in Turkey. Operating earnings in 2015 included 
a gain of $4 million related to the change in ownership 
of our OCC collection operations in Turkey.

impacted  by 

Entering the first quarter of 2017, compared with the 
fourth quarter of 2016 sales volumes are expected to 
be slightly lower.  Average sales margins are expected 
to be slightly lower. Input costs for energy should be 
flat, but operating costs are expected to be lower.  

On  June  30,  2016  the  Company  completed  the 
acquisition of Holmen Paper's newsprint mill in Madrid, 
Spain.  Under the terms of the agreement, International 
Paper purchased the Madrid newsprint mill as well as 
associated recycling operations and a 50% ownership 
interest in a cogeneration facility.  The Company intends 
to convert the mill to produce recycled containerboard 
in  2017  with  an  expected  capacity  of  419,000  tons. 
Once  completed,  the  converted  mill  will  support  the 
Company's corrugated packaging business in EMEA.

Brazilian Industrial
Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Brazil Packaging goodwill and
trade name impairment
Brazil Packaging integration
costs

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

$
$

$

 

 

2016

2015

2014

232 $
(43) $

228 $
(163) $

349
(3)

—

—

137

—

(43) $

(26) $

—

(1)

(4)

Brazilian  Industrial  Packaging's    2016  sales  volumes 
decreased compared with 2015 for boxes and sheets 
due to overall weak economic conditions, but increased 
for  containerboard. Average  sales  price  realizations 
were  higher.  Input  costs  increased,  primarily  for 
recycled fiber. Operating costs were higher largely due 
to  the  effects  of  inflation.  Planned  maintenance 
downtime  costs  were  $1  million  higher  in  2016 
compared with 2015.

26

the  newly  acquired  pulp    business  from  the  date  of 
acquisition  on  December  1,  2016.  See  Note  6 
Acquisitions and Joint Ventures on pages 54 through 
56 of Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data for additional  information about the acquisition. 
Net  sales  for  2016  increased  12%  to  $1.1  billion
compared with $975 million in 2015   and 4% compared 
with $1.0 billion in 2014. Operating profits in 2016 were 
significantly  lower  than  in  both  2015  and  2014. 
Comparing 2016 with 2015, benefits from higher sales 
volumes ($10 million), lower input costs ($6 million), 
and lower other costs ($1 million) were offset by lower  
average sales price realizations and mix ($36 million), 
higher operating costs ($59 million) and higher planned 
maintenance downtime costs ($38 million). In addition, 
special items expense in 2016 was $50 million.

Sales volumes for the legacy business were higher for 
both  fluff  and  market  pulp.  Average  sales  margins 
decreased, reflecting lower sales price realizations for 
both  fluff  pulp  and  softwood  market  pulp  and  an 
unfavorable  mix  resulting 
the  Riegelwood 
conversion  and  ramp-up.  In  Europe  and  Russia, 
average sales margins decreased due to competitive 
pressures.  Input  costs  were  slightly  lower.    Planned 
maintenance downtime costs were $38 million higher 
in  2016  primarily  related  to  the  Riegelwood  mill. 
Operating costs were higher due to costs associated 
with the Riegelwood mill conversion. 

from 

Entering the first quarter of 2017, sales volumes will be 
higher due to the full-quarter impact of the acquisition.  
Average  sales  price  realizations  are  expected  to  be 
stable and mix will continue to be challenged due to the 
ramp-up  of  the  Riegelwood  mill.  Input  costs  are 
expected  to  increase  primarily  for  wood.  Planned 
maintenance  downtime  costs  should  be  $47  million 
higher than in the fourth quarter of 2016 due to a large 
outage and capital investment project to upgrade the 
recovery boiler, turbine and power system at our Port 
Wentworth mill.   

Printing Papers

Demand  for  Printing  Papers  products  is  closely 
correlated  with  changes  in  commercial  printing  and 
advertising  activity,  direct  mail  volumes  and,  for 
uncoated  cut-size  products,  with  changes  in  white-
collar employment levels that affect the usage of copy 
and laser printer paper. Principal cost drivers include 
manufacturing efficiency, raw material and energy costs 
and freight costs.

Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2017, compared 
with  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016  sales  volumes  are 
expected to be lower for containerboard and sheets, 
but  higher  for  boxes. Average  sales  margins  should 
improve  reflecting  a  sales  price  increase  for  boxes.  
Input costs are expected to be slightly lower, but offset 
by  higher  operating  costs.    Planned  maintenance 
downtime costs are expected to be $1 million higher. 

Asian Industrial Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Asia Packaging restructuring
and impairment
Asia Packaging goodwill
impairment

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

$
$

$

 

 

2016

2015

2014

505 $
(78) $

601 $
(6) $

625
(112)

70

—

—

—

7

100

(8) $

(6) $

(5)

Asian Industrial Packaging's sales volumes in the first half 
of 2016  for boxes were higher than the comparable 
period in 2015, but average sales margins were lower 
due  to  competitive  pressures  and  weak  economic 
conditions. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the sale of 
its  corrugated  packaging  business  in  China  and 
Southeast  Asia  to  Xiamen  Bridge  Hexing  Equity 
Investment  Partnership  Enterprise.  See  Note  7 
Divestitures / Spinoff on pages 56 and 57 of Item 8. 
Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data  for 
further discussion of the sale of this business. Net sales 
and operating profits beginning with the third quarter of 
2016 reflect the results of the distribution operations of 
the business. 

Global Cellulose Fibers

Demand  for  Cellulose  Fibers  products  is  closely 
correlated  with  changes  in  demand  for  absorbent 
hygiene products and is further affected by changes in 
currency  rates  that  can  benefit  or  hurt  producers  in 
different  geographic  regions.  Principal  cost  drivers 
include  manufacturing  efficiency,  raw  material  and 
energy costs and freight costs.

Global Cellulose Fibers
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Acquisition costs
Inventory fair value step-up
amortization

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 1,092 $
(180) $
$

31

19

975 $ 1,046
61
68 $
—
—

—

—

61

$

(130) $

68 $

Global Cellulose Fibers results for 2016 include net sales 
of $111 million and an operating loss of $(21) million 
(including $38 million of special items) associated with  

27

Printing Papers
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)
Courtland mill closure
Brazil tax amnesty
India legal contingency
Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 4,058 $ 4,056 $ 4,674
(77)
$
554
32
(20)

465 $
—
—
—

540 $
—
—
—

$

540 $

465 $

489

Printing Papers net sales for 2016 of $4.1 billion were 
even  with $4.1 billion in 2015, but decreased   13% 
compared with $4.7 billion in 2014. Operating profits in 
2016 were 16% higher than in 2015 and significantly 
higher  than  in  2014.  Comparing  2016  with  2015, 
benefits from higher sales volumes ($11 million), higher  
average sales price realizations and mix ($25 million), 
lower  operating  costs  ($20  million),  lower  planned 
maintenance downtime costs ($23  million) and lower 
input costs ($4 million) were partly offset by higher other 
costs ($8 million). 

North American Printing
Papers
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)
Courtland mill closure

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 1,890 $ 1,942 $ 2,055
(398)
$
554

179 $
—

236 $
—

$

236 $

179 $

156

North American Printing Papers' sales volumes for  2016 
were  unchanged  from  2015.  Average  sales  price 
realizations decreased for both cutsize paper and rolls. 
Average  sales  margins  were  also  impacted  by  an 
unfavorable  mix.  Input  costs  were  lower,  mainly  for 
wood. Planned maintenance downtime costs were $24 
million lower in 2016. Manufacturing operating costs 
also improved.

Entering the first quarter of 2017, sales volumes are 
expected  to  be  seasonally  higher.  Average  sales 
margins  should  decrease  reflecting  lower  average 
sales  price  realizations  partially  offset  by  a  more 
favorable geographic mix. Input costs are expected to 
be higher, primarily for energy. Planned maintenance 
downtime costs are expected to be about $23 million 
higher with outages scheduled in the 2017 first quarter. 

Brazilian Papers
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Brazil tax amnesty

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

$
$

$

 

 

2016

2015

2014

897 $
173 $
—

878 $ 1,061
177
186 $
32
—

173 $

186 $

209

Brazilian Papers' sales volumes for  in 2016 were lower 
compared with 2015 under weak economic conditions. 
Average sales price realizations improved for domestic 

28

uncoated freesheet paper due to the realization of price 
increases implemented in the first half of 2016. Sales 
prices to export markets decreased. Raw material costs 
increased for energy, wood, chemicals and virgin fiber. 
Operating costs were higher than in 2015, largely due 
to inflation.  Planned maintenance downtime costs were 
$1 million lower.

Looking  ahead  to  2017,  compared  with  the  fourth 
quarter of 2016 sales volumes for uncoated freesheet 
paper in the first quarter are expected to be seasonally 
weaker in both domestic and export markets. Average 
sales  price  realizations  should  increase  due  to  the 
implementation of a domestic sales price increase for 
both cutsize and offset paper.  Input costs are expected 
to be slightly higher for chemicals and energy. 

European Papers
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 1,109 $ 1,064 $ 1,321
136
$

142 $

111 $

European Papers' sales volumes for uncoated freesheet 
paper in 2016 were higher in both Russia and Europe 
compared with 2015.  Average sales price realizations  
improved for uncoated freesheet paper following price 
increases implemented in 2015 in Europe and in the 
first quarter of 2016 in Russia. Input costs were lower 
for wood, energy and chemicals in Europe, but were 
higher in Russia. Planned maintenance downtime costs 
were $4 million lower in 2016 than in 2015. 

Entering 2017, sales volumes for uncoated freesheet 
paper in the first quarter are expected to be seasonally 
weaker in Russia but higher in Europe.  Average sales 
price realizations are expected to be stable with price 
increases implemented in certain markets. Input costs 
should  be  slightly 
lower.  Planned  maintenance 
downtime costs should be $15 million lower than in the 
fourth quarter of 2016.

Indian Papers
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)
India legal contingency
Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

$
$

$

 

 

2016

2015

2014

167 $
(11) $
—

172 $
(11) $
—

178
8
(20)

(11) $

(11) $

(12)

Indian Papers' average sales price realizations in 2016 
were slightly higher than in 2015. Sales volumes were 
flat. Input costs were lower for wood and chemicals. 
Operating  costs  were  higher  in  2016,  while  planned 
maintenance  downtime  costs  were  even  with  2015. 
Looking  ahead  to  the  first  quarter  of  2017,  sales 
volumes  are  expected  to  be  slightly  lower,  but 
seasonally strong. Average sales price realizations are 
expected to be stable. 

Consumer Packaging

Demand and pricing for Consumer Packaging products 
correlate closely with consumer spending and general 
economic activity. In addition to prices and volumes, 
major  factors  affecting  the  profitability  of  Consumer 
Packaging are raw material and energy costs, freight 
costs, manufacturing efficiency and product mix.

Consumer Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Riegelwood conversion costs
net of proceeds from the sale
of the Carolina coated bristols
brand
Asia Coated Paperboard
goodwill and PP&E impairment
NA Coated Paperboard sheet
plant closures

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 1,955 $ 2,940 $ 3,403
178
$

191 $

(25) $

9

—

—

8

174

2

—

—

8

$

200 $

159 $

186

Consumer Packaging net sales in 2016 decreased 34% to 
$2.0 billion from $2.9 billion in 2015, and decreased 
43%  from  $3.4  billion  in  2014.  Operating  profits 
increased  significantly  from  2015  and  increased  7% 
from 2014.  Comparing 2016 with 2015, benefits from  
lower  operating  costs  ($78  million),  lower  planned 
maintenance downtime costs ($13 million) and lower 
input costs ($30 million)  were partially offset by lower 
sales volumes ($20 million), lower average sales price 
realizations  and  mix  ($56  million),  and  higher  other 
costs ($4 million). In addition, special items expense 
was $9 million in 2016 and $184 million in 2015. 

North American Consumer
Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Riegelwood conversion costs
net of proceeds from the sale
of the Carolina coated bristols
brand
NA Coated Paperboard sheet
plant closures

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

 

 

2016

2015

2014

$ 1,628 $ 1,939 $ 1,993
92
$

98 $

81 $

9

—

8

2

—

8

$

107 $

91 $

100

North American  Consumer  Packaging  coated  paperboard 
sales volumes in 2016 were lower than in 2015 primarily 
due to our exit from the coated bristols market. Average 
sales price realizations decreased  year over year due 
to  competitive  pressures.  Input  costs  decreased  for 
wood, chemicals and energy.  Planned maintenance 
downtime  costs  were  $11  million  lower  in  2016. 
Operating costs decreased, reflecting the impact of cost 
savings initiatives and lower depreciation expense.

Foodservice sales volumes decreased slightly in 2016 
compared  with  2015.  Average  sales  margins 

29

decreased due to lower sales price realizations partially 
offset by lower resin costs and a more favorable mix.  
Operating costs were higher, while distribution costs 
were lower.

Looking  ahead  to  the  first  quarter  of  2017,  Coated 
Paperboard  sales  volumes  are  expected 
to  be 
seasonally higher than in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
Average  sales  price  realizations  are  expected  to  be 
lower due to market pressures. Input costs are expected 
to be higher for energy and chemicals, partially offset 
by lower wood costs. Planned maintenance downtime 
costs should be $11 million lower with no maintenance 
outages  scheduled  in  the  first  quarter.  Foodservice 
sales  volumes  are  expected  to  be  seasonally  lower. 
Sales  margins  are  expected 
to  continue  under 
pressure, partially offset by lower operating costs. 

European Consumer
Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

 

$
$

 

 

2016

2015

2014

327 $
93 $

319 $
87 $

365
91

European  Consumer  Packaging's  sales  volumes  in  2016 
compared  with  2015  increased  in  both  Europe  and 
Russia. Average  sales price realizations were higher 
in Russia. In Europe average sales margins decreased 
reflecting  lower  average  sales  prices.  Input  cost, 
primarily for wood and energy were lower in Europe, 
but  were  higher  in  Russia.  Planned  maintenance 
downtime costs were $2 million lower in 2016. 

Looking forward to the first quarter of 2017, compared 
with  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016,  sales  volumes  are 
expected to increase.  Average sales price realizations 
are expected to be flat in both Europe and Russia. Input 
higher. 
costs 

expected 

are 

be 

to 

Asian Consumer Packaging
In millions
Net Sales
Operating Profit (Loss)

Asia Coated Paperboard
goodwill and PP&E impairment

Operating Profit Before
Special Items

 

$
$

$

 

 

2016

2015

2014

— $
— $

682 $ 1,045
(193) $
(5)

—

174

— $

(19) $

—

(5)

The  Company  sold  its  55%  equity  share  in  IP Asia 
Coated Paperboard (IP-Sun JV) in October 2015. See 
Note 7 Divestitures / Spinoff on pages 56 and 57 of Item 
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for 
further discussion of the sale of the IP Sun JV. Net sales 
and operating profits presented below include results 
through September 30, 2015. 

Equity Earnings, Net of Taxes – Ilim Holding S.A.

International Paper accounts for its investment in Ilim 
Holding  S.A.  (Ilim),  a  separate  reportable  industry 
segment, using the equity method of accounting. 

The Company recorded equity earnings, net of taxes, 
related to Ilim of $199 million in 2016 compared with a 
loss of $131 million in 2015 and a loss of $194 million 
in 2014. Operating results recorded in 2016 included 
an  after-tax  non-cash  foreign  exchange  gain  of  $25 
million  compared  with  an  after-tax  foreign  exchange 
loss  of  $75  million  in  2015  and  an  after-tax  foreign 
exchange loss of $269 million in 2014 primarily on the 
remeasurement of Ilim's U.S. dollar-denominated net 
debt. 

for 

Sales volumes for the joint venture increased year over 
year  for  shipments  to  China  of  softwood  pulp  and 
linerboard,  but  decreased  for  hardwood  pulp.  Sales 
volumes in the domestic Russian market increased for 
softwood  pulp,  hardwood  pulp  and  paper,  but 
decreased 
linerboard.  Average  sales  price 
realizations were lower in 2016 for sales of softwood 
pulp  and  hardwood  pulp  to  export  markets  and 
linerboard to the Russian domestic market, but were 
partially  offset  by  higher  average  sales  price 
realizations for sales of paper to export and domestic 
Russian markets. Input costs increased year-over-year 
for wood, chemicals and energy. Maintenance outage 
costs were also higher in 2016. The Company received 
cash dividends from the joint venture of $60 million in 
2016, $35 million in 2015 and $56 million in 2014.

Entering the first quarter of 2017, sales volumes are 
expected  to  be  seasonally  lower  than  in  the  fourth 
quarter of 2016 due to the January holidays in China 
and the seasonal slowdown in Russia. Average sales 
price realizations are expected to increase for exported 
hardwood pulp, softwood pulp and for sales of paper in 
the  domestic  Russian  market.  Average  sales  price 
realizations  for  linerboard  in  the  Russian  domestic 
market are expected to be lower.  Distribution costs and 
input costs for energy are projected to be higher.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Overview

A  major  factor  in  International  Paper’s  liquidity  and 
capital resource planning is its generation of operating 
cash flow, which is highly sensitive to changes in the 
pricing  and  demand  for  our  major  products.  While 
changes in key cash operating costs, such as energy, 
raw material and transportation costs, do have an effect 
on operating cash generation, we believe that our focus 
on pricing and cost controls has improved our cash flow 
generation over an operating cycle.

Cash  uses  during  2016  were  primarily  focused  on 
working  capital  requirements,  capital  spending,  debt 
reductions, pension contributions, the acquisitions of 
the Weyerhaeuser pulp business and the  mill asset in 
Madrid, and returning cash to shareholders.

Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Cash provided by operations totaled $2.5 billion in 2016 
compared with $2.6 billion for 2015 and $3.1 billion for 
2014. Cash provided by working capital components, 
accounts  receivable  and  inventory  less  accounts 
payable  and  accrued  liabilities,  interest  payable  and 
other totaled $71 million in 2016, compared with a cash 
use of $222 million in 2015 and a cash use of $158 
million in 2014.

The  Company  generated  Free  Cash  Flow  of 
approximately $1.9 billion, $1.8 billion and $2.1 billion
in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The following are 
reconciliations of free cash flow to cash provided by 
operations: 

In millions
Cash provided by
operations
Adjustments:

Cash invested in capital
projects
Cash contribution to
pension plan

2016

2015

2014

$

2,478 $

2,580 $

3,077

(1,348)

(1,487)

(1,366)

Free Cash Flow

$

1,880 $

1,843 $

750

750

353
2,064

Three 
Months 
Ended 
December 
31, 2016

Three 
Months 
Ended 

September 
30, 2016

Three 
Months 
Ended 

December 
31, 2015

$

912 $

341 $

990

In millions
Cash provided by
operations
Adjustments:

Cash invested in capital
projects
Cash contribution to
pension plan

Free Cash Flow

$

Investment Activities

(445)

(266)

(489)

—
467 $

500
575 $

—
501

Investment  activities  in  2016  were  up  from  2015
reflecting 
the  purchase  of  Weyerhaeuser's  pulp 
business for $2.2 billion in cash, the purchase of the 
Holmen business for $57 million in cash, net of cash 
acquired,  and  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  the  Asia 
Packaging  business  of    $108  million,  net  of  cash 
divested. In 2015, investment activity includes  higher 
capital spending and the use of $198 million of cash in 
conjunction with the timber monetization restructuring 
(see Note 12 Variable Interest Entities and Preferred 
Securities of Subsidiaries on pages 64 through 66 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). 
In addition, 2014 investment activity includes the receipt 
of  approximately  $400  million  in  connection  with  the 
spin-off  of  the  xpedx  distribution  business.  The 
Company maintains an average capital spending target 
around depreciation or amortization levels or modestly 
above  due  to  strategic  plans  over  the  course  of  an 
economic cycle. Capital spending was $1.3 billion in 

30

2016,  or  110%  of  depreciation  and  amortization, 
compared  with  $1.5  billion  in  2015,  or  115%  of 
depreciation and amortization, and $1.4 billion, or 97% 
of depreciation and amortization in 2014. Across our 
businesses,  capital  spending  as  a  percentage  of 
depreciation and amortization ranged from 37.3% to 
161.1% in 2016.

following 

table  shows  capital  spending 

The 
for  
operations by business segment for the years ended 
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
 

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Subtotal
Corporate and other
Capital Spending

$

2015

2016

2014
858 $ 754
75
129
243
232
216
233
1,305
1,435
61
52
$ 1,348 $ 1,487 $1,366

816 $
174
215
124
1,329
19

Capital expenditures in 2017 are currently expected to 
be  about  $1.5  billion,  or  107%  of  depreciation  and 
amortization.

Acquisitions and Joint Ventures

See Note 6 Acquisitions and Joint Ventures on pages 
54  through  56  of  Item  8.  Financial  Statements  and 
Supplementary Data for a discussion of the Company's 
acquisitions.

Financing Activities

Amounts related to early debt extinguishment during 
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
were as follows:

In millions
Debt reductions (a)
Pre-tax early debt extinguishment
costs (b)

2015

2014
2016
$ 266 $ 2,151 $ 1,625

29

207

276

(a)  Reductions related to notes with interest rates ranging from 
2.00% to 9.38% with original maturities from 2015 to 2030 for 
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. Includes 
the $630 million payment for a portion of the Special Purpose 
Entity Liability for the year ended December 31, 2015 (see 
Note 12 Variable Interest Entities on pages 64 through 67 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data).

(b)  Amounts are included in Restructuring and other charges in 

the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

2016: Financing activities during 2016 included debt 
issuances of $3.8 billion and retirements of $1.9 billion 
for a net increase of $1.9 billion. 

International  Paper  utilizes  interest  rate  swaps  to 
change  the  mix  of  fixed  and  variable  rate  debt  and 
manage  interest  expense.  At  December  31,  2016, 
International Paper had no interest rate swap contracts 

31

outstanding  (see  Note  14  Derivatives  and  Hedging 
Activities on pages 67 through 70 of Item 8. Financial 
Statements  and  Supplementary  Data).  During  2016, 
the  amortization  of  deferred  gains  on  previously 
terminated  swaps  had  no  impact  on  the  weighted 
average cost of long-term recourse debt. The inclusion 
of  the  offsetting  interest  income  from  short-term 
investments  reduced  the  effective  rate  from  5.3%  to 
4.8%.

to 

fund 

In 2016, International Paper issued $1.1 billion of 3.00%
senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2027, 
and $1.2 billion of 4.40% senior unsecured notes with 
a maturity date in 2047, the proceeds from which were 
primarily  used 
the  acquisition  of 
Weyerhaeuser's  pulp  business. 
the 
Company repaid approximately $266 million of notes 
with an interest rate of 7.95% and an original maturity 
of  2018.  Pre-tax  early  debt  retirement  costs  of  $29 
million related to the debt repayments, including the $31 
million of cash premiums, are included in restructuring 
and other charges in the accompanying consolidated 
statement of operations for the twelve months ended 
December 31, 2016.

In  addition, 

In  June  2016,  International  Paper  entered  into  a 
commercial paper program with a borrowing capacity 
of  $750  million.  Under  the  terms  of  the  program, 
individual maturities on borrowings may vary, but not 
exceed one year from the date of issue. Interest bearing 
notes may be issued either as fixed notes or floating 
rate notes. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had 
$165 million outstanding under this program.

Other financing activities during 2016 included the net 
repurchase  of  approximately  0.9 million  shares  of 
treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding.  
Repurchases  of  common  stock  and  payments  of 
restricted  stock  withholding  taxes  totaled  $132.3 
million,  including  $100.1  million  related  to  shares 
repurchased under the Company's share repurchase 
program.

In October 2016, International Paper announced that 
the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.44 
per  share  to  $0.46  per  share,  effective  for  the  2016 
fourth quarter.

2015: Financing activities during 2015 included debt 
issuances of $6.9 billion and retirements of $6.9 billion
for a net decrease of $74 million. 

During  2015,  the  Company  restructured  the  timber 
monetization which resulted in the use of $630 million 
in cash to pay down a portion of the third party bank 
loans and refinance the loans on nonrecourse terms. 
(see  Note  12  Variable  Interest  Entities  on  pages  64 
through  66  of  Item  8.  Financial  Statements  and 
Supplementary Data).

International  Paper  utilizes  interest  rate  swaps  to 
change  the  mix  of  fixed  and  variable  rate  debt  and 
manage  interest  expense.  At  December  31,  2015, 
International Paper had interest rate swaps with a total 
notional amount of $17 million and maturities in 2018 
(see  Note  14  Derivatives  and  Hedging Activities  on 
pages 67 through 70 of Item 8. Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data). During 2015, existing swaps 
and the amortization of deferred gains on previously 
terminated  swaps  decreased  the  weighted  average 
cost of debt from 5.9% to an effective rate of 5.8%. The 
inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-
term investments reduced this effective rate to 5.1%.

In  2015,  International  Paper  issued  $700  million  of 
3.80% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 
2026, $600 million of 5.00% senior unsecured notes 
with a maturity date in 2035, and $700 million of 5.15% 
senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2046. 
The proceeds from this borrowing were used to repay 
approximately $1.0 billion of notes with interest rates 
ranging from 4.75% to 9.38% and original maturities 
from  2018  to  2022,  along  with  $211  million  of  cash 
premiums  associated  with  the  debt  repayments. 
Additionally,  the  proceeds  from  this  borrowing  were 
used to make a $750 million voluntary cash contribution 
to  the  Company's  pension  plan.  Pre-tax  early  debt 
retirement  costs  of  $207  million  related  to  the  debt 
repayments, 
the  $211  million  of  cash 
premiums,  are  included  in  restructuring  and  other 
charges in the accompanying consolidated statement 
of operations for the twelve months ended December 
31, 2015.

including 

Other financing activities during 2015 included the net 
repurchase  of  approximately  8.0 million  shares  of 
treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding, 
and the issuance of  62,000 shares of common stock 
for various plans, including stock option exercises that 
generated  approximately  $2.4  million  of  cash. 
Repurchases  of  common  stock  and  payments  of 
restricted  stock  withholding  taxes  totaled  $604.6 
million,  including  $522.6  million  related  to  shares 
repurchased under the Company's share repurchase 
program.

In October 2015, International Paper announced that 
the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.40 
per  share  to  $0.44  per  share,  effective  for  the  2015 
fourth quarter.

2014: Financing activities during 2014 included debt 
issuances of $2.0 billion and retirements of $2.1 billion, 
for a net decrease of $113 million.

International  Paper  utilizes  interest  rate  swaps  to 
change  the  mix  of  fixed  and  variable  rate  debt  and 
manage  interest  expense.  At  December  31,  2014, 
International Paper had interest rate swaps with a total 

32

notional amount of $230 million and maturities in 2018 
(see  Note  14  Derivatives  and  Hedging Activities  on 
pages 67 through 70 of Item 8. Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data). During 2014, existing swaps 
and the amortization of deferred gains on previously 
terminated  swaps  decreased  the  weighted  average 
cost of debt from 6.8% to an effective rate of 6.7%. The 
inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-
term investments reduced this effective rate to 6.3%.
During the second quarter of 2014, International Paper 
issued $800 million of 3.65% senior unsecured notes 
with a maturity date in 2024 and $800 million of 4.80% 
senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2044. 
The proceeds from this borrowing were used to repay 
approximately $960 million of notes with interest rates 
ranging from 7.95% to 9.38% and original maturities 
from 2018 to 2019. Pre-tax early debt retirement costs 
of  $262  million  related  to  these  debt  repayments, 
including $258 million of cash premiums, are included 
in  Restructuring  and  other  charges 
the 
accompanying  consolidated  statement  of  operations 
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014.

in 

Other financing activities during 2014 included the net 
repurchase  of  approximately  17.9 million  shares  of 
treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding, 
and the issuance of  1.6 million shares of common stock 
for various plans, including stock options exercises that 
generated  approximately  $66  million  of  cash. 
Repurchases  of  common  stock  and  payments  of 
restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $1.06 billion, 
including $983 million related to shares repurchased 
under the Company's share repurchase program.

In  September  2014,  International  Paper  announced 
that  the  quarterly  dividend  would  be  increased  from 
$0.35 per share to $0.40 per share, effective for the 
2014 fourth quarter.

Variable Interest Entities

Information concerning variable interest entities is set 
forth in Note 12 Variable Interest Entities on pages 64 
through  66  of    Item  8.  Financial  Statements  and 
Supplementary Data for discussion.

Liquidity and Capital Resources Outlook for 2017 

Capital Expenditures and Long-Term Debt

International Paper expects to be able to meet projected 
capital  expenditures,  service  existing  debt  and  meet 
working capital and dividend requirements during 2017
through  current  cash  balances  and  cash 
from 
operations.  Additionally,  the  Company  has  existing 
credit 
totaling  $2.1  billion  available  at 
December 31, 2016.

facilities 

The  Company’s 
the 
maintenance of a minimum net worth of $9 billion and 

financial  covenants  require 

a total debt-to-capital ratio of less than 60%. Net worth 
is defined as the sum of common stock, paid-in capital 
and  retained  earnings,  less  treasury  stock  plus  any 
cumulative  goodwill 
impairment  charges.  The 
calculation  also  excludes  accumulated  other 
comprehensive 
and  Nonrecourse 
Financial  Liabilities  of  Special  Purpose  Entities. The 
total debt-to-capital ratio is defined as total debt divided 
by the sum of total debt plus net worth. The Company 
was  in  compliance  with  all  its  debt  covenants  at 
December 31, 2016 and was well below the thresholds 
stipulated under the covenants as defined in the credit 
agreements.

income/loss 

The Company will continue to rely upon debt and capital 
markets  for  the  majority  of  any  necessary  long-term 
funding not provided by operating cash flows. Funding 
decisions  will  be  guided  by  our  capital  structure 
planning  objectives.  The  primary  goals  of 
the 
Company’s capital structure planning are to maximize 
financial flexibility and preserve liquidity while reducing 
interest expense. The majority of International Paper’s 
debt is accessed through global public capital markets 
where we have a wide base of investors.

Maintaining  an  investment  grade  credit  rating  is  an 
important  element  of  International  Paper’s  financing 
strategy. At  December 31,  2016,  the  Company  held 
long-term  credit  ratings  of  BBB  (stable  outlook)  and 
Baa2 
(stable  outlook)  by  S&P  and  Moody’s, 
respectively.

Contractual  obligations  for  future  payments  under 
existing  debt  and  lease  commitments  and  purchase 
obligations at December 31, 2016, were as follows: 

In millions
Maturities of long-term
debt (a)
Lease obligations
Purchase obligations
(b)
Total (c)

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Thereafter

$

239 $
119

690 $
91

433 $
69

179 $
51

612 $
38

9,161
125

3,165

635

525

$ 3,523 $ 1,416 $ 1,027 $

460

495
725 $ 1,110 $

2,332
11,618

(a)  Total debt includes scheduled principal payments only.
(b) 

Includes $2 billion relating to fiber supply agreements entered 
into at the time of the 2006 Transformation Plan forestland 
sales  and  in  conjunction  with  the  2008  acquisition  of 
Weyerhaeuser  Company’s  Containerboard,  Packaging  and 
Recycling business. Also includes $1.1 billion relating to fiber 
supply  agreements  assumed  in  conjunction  with  the  2016 
acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business.

(c)  Not included in the above table due to the uncertainty as to 
the amount and timing of the payment are unrecognized tax 
benefits of approximately $77 million.

We consider the undistributed earnings of our foreign 
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016, to be indefinitely 
reinvested and, accordingly, no U.S. income taxes have 
been provided thereon. As of December 31, 2016, the 
amount of cash associated with indefinitely reinvested 
foreign earnings was approximately $620 million. We 
do not anticipate the need to repatriate funds to the 
United States to satisfy domestic liquidity needs arising 

33

in the ordinary course of business, including liquidity 
needs  associated  with  our  domestic  debt  service 
requirements.

Pension Obligations and Funding

to  make 

to  minimum 

that  are  subject 

timing  and  amount  of 

At December 31, 2016, the projected benefit obligation 
for 
the  Company’s  U.S.  defined  benefit  plans 
determined under U.S. GAAP was approximately $3.4 
billion  higher  than  the  fair  value  of  plan  assets. 
Approximately  $3.0  billion  of  this  amount  relates  to 
plans 
funding 
requirements.  Under  current  IRS  funding  rules,  the 
calculation  of  minimum  funding  requirements  differs 
from the calculation of the present value of plan benefits
(the  projected  benefit  obligation) 
for  accounting 
purposes. In December 2008, the Worker, Retiree and 
Employer Recovery Act of 2008 (WERA) was passed 
by  the  U.S.  Congress  which  provided  for  pension 
funding  relief  and  technical  corrections.  Funding 
contributions depend on the funding method selected 
by the Company, and the timing of its implementation, 
as well as on actual demographic data and the targeted 
funding level. The Company continually reassesses the 
amount and timing of any discretionary contributions 
and elected to make contributions totaling $750 million
for both years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. At 
this  time,  we  do  not  expect  to  have  any  required 
contributions  to  our  plans  in  2017,  although  the 
future  voluntary 
Company  may  elect 
contributions.  The 
future 
contributions, which could be material, will depend on 
a number of factors, including the actual earnings and 
changes  in  values  of  plan  assets  and  changes  in 
interest  rates.  International  Paper    announced  a 
voluntary, 
former 
employees who are participants in the Retirement Plan 
of International Paper Company (the Pension Plan) to 
request  early  payment  of  their  entire  Pension  Plan 
benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. The 
amount  of  total  payments  under  this  program  was 
approximately $1.2 billion, and were made from Plan 
trust assets on June 30, 2016.  Based on the level of 
payments made, settlement accounting rules applied 
and resulted in a plan remeasurement as of the June 
30,  2016  payment  date. As  a  result  of  settlement 
accounting, the Company recognized a pro-rata portion 
of 
loss,  after 
remeasurement, resulting in a $439 million non-cash 
charge to the Company's earnings in the second quarter 
of  2016.   Additional  payments  of  $8  million  and  $9 
million were made during the third and fourth quarters, 
respectively,  due  to  mandatory  cash  payouts  and  a 
small  lump  sum  payout,  and  the  Pension  Plan  was 
subsequently remeasured at September 30, 2016 and 
December  31,  2016.    As  a  result  of  settlement 
accounting, 
recognized  non-cash 
settlement charges of $3 million in both the third and 
fourth quarters of 2016.

the  unamortized  net  actuarial 

limited-time  opportunity 

the  Company 

for 

Ilim Holding S.A. Shareholder’s Agreement

In October 2007, in connection with the formation of the 
Ilim  Holding  S.A.  joint  venture,  International  Paper 
entered into a shareholder’s agreement that includes 
provisions  relating  to  the  reconciliation  of  disputes 
among the partners. This agreement provides that at 
any  time,  either  the  Company  or  its  partners  may 
commence procedures specified under the deadlock 
agreement. If these or any other deadlock procedures 
under the shareholder's agreement are commenced, 
although it is not obligated to do so, the Company may 
in certain situations choose to purchase its partners'  
50%  interest  in  Ilim. Any  such  transaction  would  be 
subject to review and approval by Russian and other 
relevant anti-trust authorities. Based on the provisions 
of  the  agreement,  the  Company  estimates  that  the 
current purchase price for its partners' 50% interests 
would  be  approximately  $1.5  billion,  which  could  be 
satisfied  by  payment  of  cash  or  International  Paper 
common stock, or some combination of the two, at the 
Company's option. The purchase by the Company of 
its  partners’  50%  interest  in  Ilim  would  result  in  the 
consolidation of Ilim's financial position and results of 
operations in all subsequent periods. The parties have 
informed each other that they have no current intention 
to commence procedures specified under the deadlock 
provisions of the shareholder’s agreement.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity 
with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the 
United States requires International Paper to establish 
accounting policies and to make estimates that affect 
both the amounts and timing of the recording of assets, 
liabilities,  revenues  and  expenses.  Some  of  these 
estimates  require  judgments  about  matters  that  are 
inherently uncertain.

Accounting  policies  whose  application  may  have  a 
significant effect on the reported results of operations 
and financial position of International Paper, and that 
can require judgments by management that affect their 
application, include the accounting for contingencies, 
impairment  or  disposal  of  long-lived  assets  and 
goodwill,  pensions  and  postretirement  benefit 
obligations,  stock  options  and  income  taxes.  The 
Company  has  discussed  the  selection  of  critical 
accounting  policies  and  the  effect  of  significant 
estimates with the Audit and Finance Committee of the 
Company’s Board of Directors.

Contingent Liabilities

Accruals for contingent liabilities, including legal and 
environmental matters, are recorded when it is probable 
that a liability has been incurred or an asset impaired 
and  the  amount  of  the  loss  can  be  reasonably 

34

based 

estimated. Liabilities accrued for legal matters require 
judgments regarding projected outcomes and range of 
loss 
and 
recommendations  of  legal  counsel.  Liabilities  for 
environmental matters require evaluations of relevant 
environmental  regulations  and  estimates  of  future 
remediation alternatives and costs.

experience 

historical 

on 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill

An impairment of a long-lived asset exists when the 
asset’s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, and is 
recorded when the carrying amount is not recoverable 
through cash flows from future operations. A goodwill 
impairment exists when the carrying amount of goodwill 
exceeds  its  fair  value.  Assessments  of  possible 
impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill are made 
when events or changes in circumstances indicate that 
the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable 
through  future  operations.  Additionally,  testing  for 
possible impairment of goodwill and intangible asset 
balances is required annually. The amount and timing 
of  any 
these 
assessments require the estimation of future cash flows 
and the fair market value of the related assets based 
on management’s best estimates of certain key factors, 
including future selling prices and volumes, operating, 
raw  material,  energy  and  freight  costs,  and  various 
other projected operating economic factors. As these 
key factors change in future periods, the Company will 
update  its  impairment  analyses  to  reflect  its  latest 
estimates and projections.

impairment  charges  based  on 

Under 
the  provisions  of  Accounting  Standards 
Codification  (ASC)  350,  “Intangibles  –  Goodwill  and 
Other,” the testing of goodwill for possible impairment 
is a two-step process. In the first step, the fair value of 
the Company’s reporting units is compared with their 
carrying value, including goodwill. If fair value exceeds 
the  carrying  value,  goodwill  is  not  considered  to  be 
impaired. If the fair value of a reporting unit is below the 
carrying value, then step two is performed to measure 
the  amount  of  the  goodwill  impairment  loss  for  the 
reporting unit. This analysis requires the determination 
of  the  fair  value  of  all  of  the  individual  assets  and 
liabilities of the reporting unit, including any currently 
unrecognized intangible assets, as if the reporting unit 
had been purchased on the analysis date. Once these 
fair values have been determined, the implied fair value 
of the unit’s goodwill is calculated as the excess, if any, 
of the fair value of the reporting unit determined in step 
one over the fair value of the net assets determined in 
step two. The carrying value of goodwill is then reduced 
to this implied value, or to zero if the fair value of the 
assets  exceeds  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit, 
through a goodwill impairment charge.

impairment  analysis  requires  a  number  of 
The 
judgments  by  management. 
the 
estimated fair value of its reporting units in step one, 

In  calculating 

the Company uses the projected future cash flows to 
be  generated  by  each  unit,  discounted  using  the 
estimated discount rate for each reporting unit. These 
calculations require many estimates, including discount 
rates, future growth rates, and cost and pricing trends 
for  each  reporting  unit.  Subsequent  changes  in 
economic  and  operating  conditions  can  affect  these 
assumptions  and  could  result  in  additional  interim 
testing  and  goodwill  impairment  charges  in  future 
periods. Upon completion, the resulting estimated fair 
values  are  then  analyzed  for  reasonableness  by 
comparing  them  to  earnings  multiples  for  historic 
industry business transactions, and by comparing the 
sum of the reporting unit fair values and other corporate 
assets and liabilities divided by diluted common shares 
outstanding to the Company’s market price per share 
on the analysis date.

No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in 2016.

In the fourth quarter of 2015, in conjunction with the 
annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill 
impairments,  the  Company  calculated  the  estimated 
fair value  of its Brazil Packaging  business  using  the 
discounted future cash flows and determined that all of 
the  goodwill  in  the  business,  totaling  $137  million, 
should be written off. The decline in the fair value of the 
Brazil  Packaging  business  and  resulting  impairment 
charge was due to the negative impacts on the cash 
flows of the business caused by the continued decline 
of the overall Brazilian economy.

In the fourth quarter of 2014, in conjunction with the 
annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill 
impairments,  the  Company  calculated  the  estimated 
fair value of its Asia Industrial Packaging business using 
the discounted future cash flows and determined that 
all of the goodwill in this business, totaling $100 million, 
should be written off. The decline in the fair value of the 
Asia  Industrial  Packaging  business  and  resulting 
impairment charge was due to a change in the strategic 
outlook for the business.

Pension and Postretirement Benefit Obligations

recorded 

The  charges 
for  pension  and  other 
postretirement  benefit  obligations  are  determined 
annually  in  conjunction  with  International  Paper’s 
consulting  actuary,  and  are  dependent  upon  various 
assumptions including the expected long-term rate of 
return on plan assets, discount rates, projected future 
compensation increases, health care cost trend rates 
and mortality rates.

The calculations of pension and postretirement benefit 
obligations  and  expenses  require  decisions  about  a 
number of key assumptions that can significantly affect 
liability and expense amounts, including the expected 
long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount 

35

rate used to calculate plan liabilities, the projected rate 
of future compensation increases and health care cost 
trend rates.

Benefit obligations and fair values of plan assets as of 
December 31, 2016, for International Paper’s pension 
and postretirement plans were as follows: 

In millions
U.S. qualified pension
U.S. nonqualified pension
U.S. postretirement
Non-U.S. pension
Non-U.S. postretirement

$

Benefit

Obligation

13,307 $

Fair Value of
Plan Assets
10,312
—
—
153
—

376
280
219
23

table  below  shows  assumptions  used  by  
to  calculate  U.S.  pension 

The 
International  Paper 
obligations for the years shown:

Discount rate
Rate of compensation
increase

2016

2015

2014

4.10%

3.75%

4.40%

3.75%

4.10%

3.75%

Additionally, health care cost trend rates used in the 
calculation  of  U.S.  postretirement  obligations  for  the 
years shown were:

Health care cost trend rate assumed for
next year
Rate that the cost trend rate gradually
declines to
Year that the rate reaches the rate it is
assumed to remain

2016

2015

6.50%

7.00%

5.00%

5.00%

2022

2022

to  calculate 

these  actuarial 
International  Paper  determines 
assumptions, after consultation with our actuaries, on 
December 31  of  each  year 
liability 
information  as  of 
that  date  and  pension  and 
postretirement  expense  for  the  following  year.  The 
expected  long-term  rate  of  return  on  plan  assets  is 
based  on  projected  rates  of  return  for  current  and 
planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. 
The discount rate assumption was determined based 
on a hypothetical settlement portfolio selected from a 
universe of high quality corporate bonds.

The expected long-term rate of return on U.S. pension 
plan assets used to determine net periodic cost for the 
year ended December 31, 2016 was 7.75%.

Increasing (decreasing) the expected long-term rate of 
return on U.S. plan assets by an additional 0.25% would 
decrease  (increase)  2017  pension  expense  by 
approximately $26 million, while a (decrease) increase 
of 0.25% in the discount rate would (increase) decrease 
pension  expense  by  approximately  $33  million.  The 
effect  on  net  postretirement  benefit  cost  from  a  1% 

increase  or  decrease  in  the  annual  health  care  cost 
trend rate would be approximately $1 million.

Actual rates of return earned on U.S. pension plan 
assets for each of the last 10 years were: 

Year
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012

Return

7.1%
1.3%
6.4%
14.1%
14.1%

Year
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007

Return

2.5 %
15.1 %
23.8 %
(23.6)%
9.6 %

The  2012,  2013  and  2014  returns  above  represent 
weighted averages of International Paper and Temple-
Inland asset returns. International Paper and Temple-
Inland  assets  were  combined  in  October  2014.  The 
annualized time-weighted rate of return earned on U.S. 
pension plan assets was 8.5% and 6.3% for the past 
five and ten years, respectively. The following graph 
shows 
in 
International Paper’s U.S. Pension Plan Master Trust. 
The graph portrays the time-weighted rate of return from 
2006 – 2016.

the  growth  of  a  $1,000 

investment 

recognized 

ASC  715,  “Compensation  –  Retirement  Benefits,” 
provides for delayed recognition of actuarial gains and 
losses, including amounts arising from changes in the 
estimated  projected  plan  benefit  obligation  due  to 
changes  in  the  assumed  discount  rate,  differences 
between the actual and expected return on plan assets, 
and other assumption changes. These net gains and 
losses  are 
in  pension  expense 
prospectively  over  a  period  that  approximates  the 
average remaining service period of active employees 
expected  to  receive  benefits  under  the  plans  to  the 
extent that they are not offset by gains and losses in 
subsequent  years. The  estimated  net  loss  and  prior 
service cost that will be amortized from accumulated 
other comprehensive income into net periodic pension 
cost for the U.S. pension plans over the next fiscal year 
are $341 million and $28 million, respectively.

36

Net  periodic  pension  and  postretirement  plan 
expenses,  calculated  for  all  of  International  Paper’s 
plans, were as follows: 

In millions
Pension expense
U.S. plans (non-
cash)
Non-U.S. plans

Postretirement
expense

U.S. plans
Non-U.S. plans

Net expense

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

$ 809 $ 461 $ 387 $ 545 $ 342
3

—

6

5

4

13
1

(4)
1
$ 827 $ 480 $ 401 $ 556 $ 342

(1)
7

8
5

7
7

The increase in 2016 U.S. pension expense principally 
reflects  a  decrease  in  the  discount  rate  and  a  large 
settlement charge in 2016 related to the optional lump 
sum payout partially offset by a higher return on assets 
and lower amortization of actuarial losses.

Assuming  that  discount  rates,  expected  long-term 
returns on plan assets and rates of future compensation 
increases remain the same as in 2016, projected future 
net periodic pension and postretirement plan expenses 
would be as follows: 

In millions
Pension expense

U.S. plans (non-cash)
Non-U.S. plans

Postretirement expense

U.S. plans
Non-U.S. plans

Net expense

2018 (1)

2017 (1)

$

252 $

3

15
1

$

271 $

310
4

18
1
333

(1)  Based on assumptions at December 31, 2016.

The Company estimates that it will record net pension 
expense  of  approximately  $310  million  for  its  U.S. 
defined benefit plans in 2017, with the decrease from 
expense of $809 million in 2016 mainly related to no 
expected settlement charges in 2017 and an increase 
in the assumed discount rate to 4.10% in 2017 from 
4.05% in 2016, partially offset by a lower return on asset 
assumption  of    7.50%  in  2017,  down  from  7.75%  in 
2016.

The  market  value  of  plan  assets  for  International 
Paper’s U.S. qualified pension plan at December 31, 
2016 totaled approximately $10.3 billion, consisting of 
approximately  51%  equity  securities,  27%  debt 
securities,  10% real estate and 12% other assets. Plan 
assets include an immaterial amount of International 
Paper common stock.

The Company’s funding policy for its qualified pension 
plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal 
funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that 
the  Company  may  determine  to  be  appropriate 

the 

the  plan, 

funded  status  of 

considering 
tax 
deductibility, the cash flows generated by the Company, 
and  other 
factors.  The  Company  continually 
reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary 
contributions  and  could  elect  to  make  voluntary 
contributions  in  the  future.  There  are  no  required 
contributions  to  the  U.S.  qualified  plan  in  2017. The 
nonqualified  defined  benefit  plans  are  funded  to  the 
extent of benefit payments, which totaled $21 million 
for the year ended December 31, 2016.

Income Taxes

International  Paper  records  its  global  tax  provision 
based on the respective tax rules and regulations for 
the  jurisdictions  in  which  it  operates.  Where  the 
Company believes that a tax position is supportable for 
income tax purposes, the item is included in its income
tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, 
liabilities  are  recorded  based  upon  the  Company’s 
evaluation  of  the  “more  likely  than  not”  outcome 
considering technical merits of the position based on
specific  tax  regulations  and  facts  of  each  matter. 
Changes to recorded liabilities are only made when an 
identifiable  event  occurs  that  changes  the  likely 
outcome,  such  as  settlement  with  the  relevant  tax 
authority, the expiration of statutes of limitation for the 
subject tax year, change in tax laws, or a recent court 
case that addresses the matter.

Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred 
tax  assets  when  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  a  tax 
benefit  will  not  be  realized.  Significant  judgment  is 
required in evaluating the need for and magnitude of 
appropriate valuation allowances against deferred tax 
assets. The realization of these assets is dependent on 
generating future taxable income, as well as successful 
implementation of various tax planning strategies.

International  Paper  believes 

these 
While 
judgments  and  estimates  are  appropriate  and 
reasonable under the circumstances, actual resolution 
of these matters may differ from recorded estimated 
amounts.

that 

The  Company’s  effective  income  tax  rates,  before 
equity  earnings  and  discontinued  operations,  were 
26%,  37%  and  14%  for  2016,  2015  and  2014, 
respectively. These effective tax rates include the tax 
effects  of  certain  special  items  that  can  significantly 
affect the effective income tax rate in a given year, but 
may  not  recur  in  subsequent  years.  Management 
believes  that  the  effective  tax  rate  computed  after 
excluding  these  special  items  may  provide  a  better 
estimate of the rate that might be expected in future 
years  if  no  additional  special  items  were  to  occur  in 
those  years.  Excluding  these  special  items,  the 
effective income tax rate for 2016 was 32% of pre-tax 
earnings compared with 33% in 2015 and 31% in 2014. 
We estimate that the 2017 effective income tax rate will 

37

be approximately 33% based on expected earnings and 
business conditions.

Business Combinations

The  Company’s  acquisitions  of  businesses  are 
accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, "Business 
Combinations",  as  amended.  We  allocate  the  total 
purchase  price  of  the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities 
assumed based on their estimated fair value as of the 
business combination date. In developing estimates of 
fair values for long-lived assets, including identifiable 
intangible  assets,  the  Company  utilizes  a  variety  of 
inputs  including  forecasted  cash  flows,  anticipated 
growth  rates,  discount  rates,  estimated  replacement 
costs  and  depreciation  and  obsolescence  factors. 
Determining  the  fair  value  for  specifically  identified 
intangible assets such as customer lists and developed 
technology  involves  judgment.  We  may  refine    our 
estimates and make adjustments to the assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed over a measurement period, not 
to  exceed  one  year.  Upon  the  conclusion  of  the 
measurement period or the final determination of the 
values  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed, 
whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are 
charged  to  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings. 
Subsequent actual results of the underlying business 
activity supporting the specifically identified intangible 
assets could change, requiring us to record impairment 
charges or adjust their economic lives in future periods.

RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS

There were no new accounting pronouncements issued 
or effective during the fiscal year which have had or are 
expected to have a material impact on the Company’s 
consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 Recent 
Accounting Developments on pages 49 through 52 of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Information concerning the Company’s environmental 
and  legal  proceedings  is  set  forth  in  Note  11 
Commitments and Contingencies on pages 61 through 
63 of Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data.

EFFECT OF INFLATION

While inflationary increases in certain input costs, such 
as  energy,  wood  fiber  and  chemical  costs,  have  an 
impact on the Company’s operating results, changes in 
general  inflation  have  had  minimal  impact  on  our 
operating results in each of the last three years. Sales 
prices  and  volumes  are  more  strongly  influenced  by 
economic  supply  and  demand  factors  in  specific 
markets  and  by  exchange  rate  fluctuations  than  by 
inflationary factors.

FOREIGN CURRENCY EFFECTS

local  currency 

International  Paper  has  operations  in  a  number  of 
countries. Its operations in those countries also export 
to, and compete with, imports from other regions. As 
such, currency movements can have a number of direct 
and  indirect  impacts  on  the  Company’s  financial 
statements.  Direct  impacts  include  the  translation  of 
international  operations’ 
financial 
statements into U.S. dollars and the remeasurement 
impact  associated  with  non-functional  currency 
financial assets and liabilities. Indirect impacts include 
the  change  in  competitiveness  of  imports  into,  and 
exports out of, the United States (and the impact on 
local  currency  pricing  of  products  that  are  traded 
internationally). In general, a weaker U.S. dollar and 
stronger  local  currency  is  beneficial  to  International 
Paper. The currencies that have the most impact are 
the Euro, the Brazilian real, the Polish zloty and the 
Russian ruble.

 MARKET RISK

We  use  financial  instruments,  including  fixed  and 
variable  rate  debt,  to  finance  operations,  for  capital 
spending  programs  and 
for  general  corporate 
purposes. Additionally, financial instruments, including 
various  derivative  contracts,  are  used  to  hedge 
exposures  to  interest  rate,  commodity  and  foreign 
currency risks. We do not use financial instruments for 
trading purposes. Information related to International 
Paper’s debt obligations is included in Note 13 Debt 
and  Lines  of  Credit  on  pages  66  and  67  of  Item 8. 
Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data.  A 
discussion  of  derivatives  and  hedging  activities  is 
included in Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
on pages 67 through 70 of Item 8. Financial Statements 
and Supplementary Data.

The  fair  value  of  our  debt  and  financial  instruments 
varies due to changes in market interest and foreign 
currency  rates  and  commodity  prices  since  the 
inception  of  the  related  instruments.  We  assess  this 
market risk utilizing a sensitivity analysis. The sensitivity 
analysis measures the potential loss in earnings, fair 
values and cash flows based on a hypothetical 10% 
change  (increase  and  decrease)  in  interest  and 
currency rates and commodity prices.

Interest Rate Risk

Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates 
relates primarily to short- and long-term debt obligations 
and investments in marketable securities. We invest in 
investment-grade securities of financial institutions and 
money market mutual funds with a minimum rating of 
AAA and limit exposure to any one issuer or fund. Our 
investments in marketable securities at December 31, 
2016 and 2015 are stated at cost, which approximates 
market due to their short-term nature. Our interest rate 

38

risk  exposure  related  to  these  investments  was  not 
material.

We issue fixed and floating rate debt in a proportion that 
management deems appropriate based on current and 
projected  market  conditions.  Derivative  instruments, 
such as, interest rate swaps, may be used to execute 
this strategy. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the net 
fair value liability of financial instruments with exposure 
to interest rate risk was approximately $11.3 billion and 
$9.3 billion, respectively. The potential loss in fair value 
resulting from a 10% adverse shift in quoted interest 
rates would have been approximately $623 million and 
$565  million  at  December 31,  2016  and  2015, 
respectively.

Commodity Price Risk

The objective of our commodity exposure management 
is  to  minimize  volatility  in  earnings  due  to  large 
fluctuations  in  the  price  of  commodities.  Commodity 
swap or forward purchase contracts may be used to 
manage  risks  associated  with  market  fluctuations  in 
energy prices. The net fair value of such outstanding 
energy  hedge  contracts  at  December 31,  2016  and 
2015 was approximately a $2 million and a $7 million
liability,  respectively.  The  potential  loss  in  fair  value 
resulting from a 10% adverse change in the underlying 
commodity prices would have been approximately  $1 
million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Foreign Currency Risk

transacts  business 

International  Paper 
in  many 
currencies and is also subject to currency exchange 
rate risk through investments and businesses owned 
and  operated  in  foreign  countries.  Our  objective  in 
managing the associated foreign currency risks is to 
minimize 
the  effect  of  adverse  exchange  rate 
fluctuations on our after-tax cash flows. We address 
these risks on a limited basis by entering into cross-
currency and interest rate swaps, or foreign exchange 
contracts. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the net fair 
value of financial instruments with exposure to foreign 
currency risk was approximately a $1 million liability and 
a $4 million asset, respectively. The potential loss in fair 
value for such financial instruments from a 10% adverse 
change  in  quoted  foreign  currency  exchange  rates 
would have been approximately $23 million and $30 
million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

See the preceding discussion and Note 14 Derivatives 
and  Hedging  Activities  on  pages  67  through  70  of 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON:

Financial Statements

The management of International Paper Company is 
responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated 
financial  statements  in  this  annual  report  and  for 
establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls 
over  financial  reporting.  The  consolidated  financial 
statements  have  been  prepared  using  accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America considered appropriate in the circumstances 
to present fairly the Company’s consolidated financial 
position,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows  on  a 
consistent basis. Management has also prepared the 
other information in this annual report and is responsible 
for its accuracy and consistency with the consolidated 
financial statements.

As can be expected in a complex and dynamic business 
environment,  some  financial  statement  amounts  are 
based  on  estimates  and  judgments.  Even  though 
estimates  and  judgments  are  used,  measures  have 
been  taken  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  of  the 
integrity  and  reliability  of  the  financial  information 
contained  in  this  annual  report.  We  have  formed  a 
Disclosure Committee to oversee this process.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements 
have been audited by the independent registered public 
accounting  firm,  Deloitte &  Touche  LLP.  During  its 
audits, Deloitte & Touche LLP was given unrestricted 
access  to  all  financial  records  and  related  data, 
including minutes of all meetings of stockholders and 
the board of directors and all committees of the board. 
Management believes that all representations made to 
the independent auditors during their audits were valid 
and appropriate.

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The management of International Paper Company is 
also  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining 
adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting. 
Internal control over financial reporting is the process 
designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal 
executive  officer  and  principal  financial  officer,  and 
effected by our Board of Directors, management and 
other  personnel  to  provide  reasonable  assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation  of 
for  external 
purposes. All  internal  control  systems  have  inherent 
limitations,  including  the  possibility  of  circumvention 
and overriding of controls, and therefore can provide 
only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed 
control  objectives.  The  Company’s  internal  control 

financial  statements 

system is supported by written policies and procedures, 
contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and is audited 
by the internal audit function. Appropriate actions are 
taken by management to correct deficiencies as they 
are identified.

financial 

The  Company  has  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  its 
internal  control  over 
reporting  as  of 
December 31, 2016. In making this assessment, it used 
the criteria described in “Internal Control – Integrated 
Framework  (2013)”  issued  by  the  Committee  of 
Sponsoring  Organizations 
the  Treadway 
Commission  (COSO).  Based  on  this  assessment, 
management believes that, as of December 31, 2016, 
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting 
was effective.

of 

The  Company  completed  the  acquisition  of  Holmen 
Paper’s  newsprint  mill  in  Madrid,  Spain  as  well  as 
associated recycling operations and 50% ownership in 
a cogeneration facility in June 2016.  Due to the timing 
of  the  acquisition  we  have  excluded  the  Holmen 
operations from our evaluation of the effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting.  For the period 
ended December 31, 2016, sales and assets for the 
former Holmen operations represented approximately 
0.4% of net sales and 0.3% of total assets. 

The  Company  completed 
the  acquisition  of 
Weyerhaeuser’s pulp business in December 2016.  Due 
to the timing of the acquisition we have excluded the 
former  Weyerhaeuser  pulp  business 
from  our 
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over 
financial reporting.  For the period ended December 31, 
2016, sales and assets for the former Weyerhaeuser 
pulp business represented approximately 0.5% of net 
sales and 6.5% of total assets. 

independent 

The  Company’s 
registered  public 
accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, has issued its 
report on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
control over financial reporting. The report appears on 
pages 41 and 42.

Internal Control Environment And Board Of 
Directors Oversight

internal  control  environment 

includes  an 
Our 
enterprise-wide  attitude  of 
integrity  and  control 
consciousness that establishes a positive “tone at the 
top.”  This  is  exemplified  by  our  ethics  program  that 
includes long-standing principles and policies on ethical 
business conduct that require employees to maintain 
the highest ethical and legal standards in the conduct 
of  International  Paper  business,  which  have  been 
distributed  to  all  employees;  a  toll-free  telephone 
helpline  whereby  any  employee  may  anonymously 
report  suspected  violations  of  law  or  International 
Paper’s  policy;  and  an  office  of  ethics  and  business 

39

practice. The internal control system further includes 
careful  selection  and  training  of  supervisory  and 
management  personnel,  appropriate  delegation  of 
authority and division of responsibility, dissemination of 
accounting  and  business  policies 
throughout 
International  Paper,  and  an  extensive  program  of 
internal audits with management follow-up.

the  performance  of 

The  Board  of  Directors,  assisted  by  the  Audit  and 
Finance Committee (Committee), monitors the integrity 
of  the  Company’s  financial  statements  and  financial 
reporting  procedures, 
the 
Company’s  internal  audit  function  and  independent 
auditors, and other matters set forth in its charter. The 
Committee,  which  consists  of  independent  directors, 
meets regularly with representatives of management, 
and  with  the  independent  auditors  and  the  Internal 
Auditor, with and without management representatives 
in  attendance, 
their  activities.  The 
Committee’s Charter takes into account the New York 
Stock Exchange rules relating to Audit Committees and 
the SEC rules and regulations promulgated as a result 
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Committee has 
reviewed  and  discussed  the  consolidated  financial 
statements  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2016, 
including  critical  accounting  policies  and  significant 
management  judgments,  with  management  and  the 
report 
independent  auditors.  The  Committee’s 
recommending 
financial 
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be 
set forth in our Proxy Statement. 

inclusion  of  such 

review 

the 

to 

MARK S. SUTTON
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 

CAROL L. ROBERTS
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER

40

REPORT OF  INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING 
FIRM,  ON  CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2017 
expressed  an  unqualified  opinion  on  the  Company’s 
internal control over financial reporting. 

To  the  Board  of  Directors  and  Shareholders  of 
International Paper Company: 

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated 
balance sheets of International Paper Company and 
subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2016 
and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of 
operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, 
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period 
ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included 
the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at 
Item  15.  These  financial  statements  and  financial 
statement  schedule  are  the  responsibility  of  the 
Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is  to 
express  an  opinion  on  the  financial  statements  and 
financial statement schedule based on our audits.

We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  the 
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States). Those standards require that we 
plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial statements are 
free  of  material  misstatement.  An  audit  includes 
examining,  on  a  test  basis,  evidence  supporting  the 
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
An  audit  also  includes  assessing  the  accounting 
principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by 
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement  presentation.  We  believe  that  our  audits 
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements 
present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial 
position  of 
International  Paper  Company  and 
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and 
the results of their operations and their cash flows for 
each of the three years in the period ended December 
31,  2016,  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles 
generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of America. 
Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, 
when considered in relation to the basic consolidated 
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, 
in all material respects, the information set forth therein.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards 
of  the  Public  Company Accounting  Oversight  Board 
(United  States),  the  Company's  internal  control  over 
financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on 
the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated 
Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 

 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Memphis, Tennessee
February 22, 2017 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING  FIRM,  ON  INTERNAL  CONTROL 
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

To  the  Board  of  Directors  and  Shareholders  of 
International Paper Company:

in 

in  a  cogeneration 

We  have  audited  the  internal  control  over  financial 
reporting  of 
International  Paper  Company  and 
subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2016, 
based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  - 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee 
the  Treadway 
of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of 
Commission.  As  described 
the  Report  of 
Management  on 
Internal  Control  over  Financial 
Reporting, management excluded from its assessment 
the internal control over financial reporting of Holmen 
Paper’s newsprint mill in Madrid, Spain as well as the 
the  associated  recycling  operations  and  a  50%  a 
ownership 
facility  (collectively 
Holmen)  and  Weyerhaeuser’s  pulp  business,  which 
were acquired on June 30, 2016 and December 1, 2016 
respectively.  Holmen constitutes 0.4% of net sales and 
0.3%  of  total  assets  of  the  consolidated  financial 
statement  amounts  as  of  and  for  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2016.  The former Weyerhaeuser pulp 
business constitutes 0.5% of net sales and 6.5% of total 
assets of the consolidated financial statement amounts 
as  of  and  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2016.  
Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control 
over  financial  reporting  at  Holmen  or  Weyerhaeuser 
pulp  business.  The  Company's  management 
is 
responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control 
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the 
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, 
included in the accompanying Report of Management 
on  Internal  Control  over  Financial  Reporting.  Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal control over financial reporting based on our 
audit.

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  the 
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States). Those standards require that we 
plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable 
assurance about whether effective internal control over 
financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all  material 

41

and financial statement schedule as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2016 of the Company and our 
report  dated  February  22,  2017  expressed  an 
unqualified opinion on those financial statements and 
financial statement schedule. 

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Memphis, Tennessee
February 22, 2017 

included 

obtaining 

audit 
internal  control  over 

an 
respects.  Our 
financial 
understanding  of 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed 
risk,  and  performing  such  other  procedures  as  we 
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe 
that  our  audit  provides  a  reasonable  basis  for  our 
opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is 
a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the 
company's principal executive and principal financial 
officers, or persons performing similar functions, and 
effected  by 
the  company's  board  of  directors, 
management,  and  other  personnel 
to  provide 
reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of 
financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company's 
internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies  and  procedures  that  (1)  pertain  to  the 
maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail, 
accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as  necessary 
financial 
statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted 
accounting  principles,  and 
receipts  and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of 
unauthorized  acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of  the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on 
the financial statements.

to  permit  preparation  of 

that 

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control 
over  financial  reporting,  including  the  possibility  of 
collusion or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may not 
be  prevented  or  detected  on  a  timely  basis.  Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
internal control over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the  degree  of  compliance  with 
the  policies  or 
procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material 
respects,  effective  internal  control  over  financial 
reporting  as  of  December  31,  2016,  based  on  the 
criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  -  Integrated 
Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of 
Sponsoring  Organizations 
the  Treadway 
Commission.

of 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards 
of  the  Public  Company Accounting  Oversight  Board 
(United States), the consolidated financial statements 

42

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
 

In millions, except per share amounts, for the years ended December 31
NET SALES
COSTS AND EXPENSES

Cost of products sold
Selling and administrative expenses
Depreciation, amortization and cost of timber harvested
Distribution expenses
Taxes other than payroll and income taxes
Restructuring and other charges
Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles
Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses
Interest expense, net

EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY 
EARNINGS (LOSSES)

Income tax provision (benefit)
Equity earnings (loss), net of taxes

EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

Discontinued operations, net of taxes

NET EARNINGS (LOSS)

Less: Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests

NET EARNINGS (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER
COMPANY
BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations
Discontinued operations, net of taxes
Net earnings (loss)

DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations
Discontinued operations, net of taxes
Net earnings (loss)

AMOUNTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON SHAREHOLDERS

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations
Discontinued operations, net of taxes
Net earnings (loss)

 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

2016

2015

2014

$ 21,079 $ 22,365 $ 23,617

15,152
1,575
1,227
1,361
164
54
—
70
520

956
247
198
907
(5)
902
(2)

15,468
1,645
1,294
1,406
168
252
137
174
555

1,266
466
117
917
—
917
(21)

16,254
1,793
1,406
1,521
180
846
100
38
607

872
123
(200)
549
(13)
536
(19)

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

904 $

938 $

555

2.21 $
(0.01)
2.20 $

2.25 $

—

2.25 $

1.33
(0.03)
1.30

2.19 $
(0.01)
2.18 $

2.23 $

—

2.23 $

1.31
(0.02)
1.29

909 $

(5)

904 $

938 $
—
938 $

568
(13)
555

43

2016

2015

2014

$

902 $

917 $

536

545

(451)
3
260

(6)
(7)
344
1,246
2
2

296

242

(329)
(2)
(1,042)

(3)
12
(1,068)
(151)
21
6

(1,253)
(18)
(876)

10
(4)
(1,899)
(1,363)
19
12
(1,332)

$

1,250 $

(124) $

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

In millions for the years ended December 31
NET EARNINGS (LOSS)
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX

Amortization of pension and postretirement prior service costs and net loss:

U.S. plans (less tax of $343, $186 and $154)

Pension and postretirement liability adjustments:

U.S. plans (less tax of $283, $206 and $798)
Non-U.S. plans (less tax of $4, $0 and $5)

Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment
Net gains/losses on cash flow hedging derivatives:

Net gains (losses) arising during the period (less tax of $3, $3 and $3)
Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net earnings (less tax of $3, $8 and $1)

TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Net (Earnings) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

44

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
  

In millions, except per share amounts, at December 31
ASSETS
Current Assets

Cash and temporary investments
Accounts and notes receivable, less allowances of $70 in 2016 and $70 in 2015
Inventories
Deferred income tax assets
Other current assets

Total Current Assets
Plants, Properties and Equipment, net
Forestlands
Investments
Financial Assets of Special Purpose Entities (Note 12)
Goodwill
Deferred Charges and Other Assets
TOTAL ASSETS
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current Liabilities

Notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt
Accounts payable
Accrued payroll and benefits
Other accrued liabilities

Total Current Liabilities
Long-Term Debt
Nonrecourse Financial  Liabilities of Special Purpose Entities (Note 12)
Deferred Income Taxes
Pension Benefit Obligation
Postretirement and Postemployment Benefit Obligation
Other Liabilities
Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 11)
Equity

Common stock $1 par value, 2016  - 448.9 shares & 2015 – 448.9 shares
Paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Less: Common stock held in treasury, at cost, 2016 – 37.671 shares and 2015 – 36.776 shares

Total Shareholders’ Equity
Noncontrolling interests

Total Equity
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

45

2016

2015

$ 1,033 $ 1,050
2,675
2,228
312
212
6,477
11,980
366
228
7,014
3,335
1,131
$ 33,345 $ 30,531

3,001
2,438
299
198
6,969
13,990
456
360
7,033
3,364
1,173

$

239 $

2,309
430
1,094
4,072
11,075
6,284
3,376
3,400
330
449

426
2,078
434
986
3,924
8,844
6,277
3,231
3,548
364
434

449
6,189
4,818
(5,362)
6,094
1,753
4,341
18
4,359

449
6,243
4,649
(5,708)
5,633
1,749
3,884
25
3,909
$ 33,345 $ 30,531

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 

In millions for the years ended December 31
OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net earnings (loss)
Depreciation, amortization, and cost of timber harvested
Deferred income tax provision (benefit), net
Restructuring and other charges
Pension plan contribution
Periodic pension expense, net
Net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses
Equity (earnings) losses, net of taxes
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible  assets
Other, net
Changes in current assets and liabilities

Accounts and notes receivable
Inventories
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
Interest payable
Other

CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) OPERATING ACTIVITIES
INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
Invested in capital projects
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
Proceeds from divestitures
Proceeds from spinoff
Investment in Special Purpose Entities
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets
Other

CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Repurchase of common stock and payments of restricted stock tax withholding
Issuance of common stock
Issuance of debt
Reduction of debt
Change in book overdrafts
Dividends paid
Acquisition of redeemable noncontrolling interest
Debt tender premiums paid
Other

CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR) FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash
Change in Cash and Temporary Investments
Cash and Temporary Investments

Beginning of the period
End of the period

 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

46

2016

2015

2014

$

902 $

917 $

1,227
136
54
(750)
809
70
(198)
—
157

(94)
11
98
41
15
2,478

(1,348)
(2,228)
108
—
—
19
(49)

(3,498)

(132)
—
3,830
(1,938)
—
(733)
—
(31)
(14)
982
21
(17)

1,294
281
252
(750)
461
174
(117)
137
153

7
(131)
(89)
(17)
8
2,580

(1,487)
—
23
—
(198)
37
(114)

(1,739)

(605)
2
6,873
(6,947)
(14)
(685)
—
(211)
(14)
(1,601)
(71)
(831)

536
1,414
(135)
881
(353)
387
38
200
100
167

(97)
(103)
(18)
(18)
78
3,077

(1,366)
—
—
411
—
61
34

(860)

(1,062)
66
1,982
(2,095)
30
(620)
(114)
(269)
(4)
(2,086)
(52)
79

1,050
1,033 $

1,881
1,050 $

1,802
1,881

$

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

In millions
BALANCE, JANUARY 1,
2014
Issuance of stock for various
plans, net
Repurchase of stock
xpedx spinoff
Dividends
Acquisition of redeemable  
noncontrolling interests
Remeasurement of 
redeemable noncontrolling 
interest
Comprehensive income
(loss)
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31,
2014
Issuance of stock for various
plans, net
Repurchase of stock
Dividends
Transactions of equity 
method investees
Divestiture of noncontrolling 
interests

Comprehensive income
(loss)
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31,
2015
Issuance of stock for
various plans, net
Repurchase of stock
Dividends
Transactions of equity 
method investees
Divestiture of 
noncontrolling interests
Other
Comprehensive income
(loss)
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31,
2016

Common
Stock
Issued

Paid-in
Capital

Retained
Earnings

Other

Accumulated
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

Treasury

Stock

International
Shareholders’

Total
Paper
Equity

Noncontrolling

Interests

Total
Equity

$

447 $

6,463 $

4,446 $

(2,759) $

492 $

8,105 $

179 $

8,284

2
—
—
—

—

—

—

69
—
(287)
—

—

—

—

449

6,245

—
—
—

—

—

—

35
—
—

(37)

—

—

—
—
—
(633)

46

(5)

555

4,409

—
—
(698)

—

—

938

—
—
—
—

—

—

(1,887)

(4,646)

—
—
—

—

—

(1,062)

(212)
1,062
—
—

—

—

—

1,342

(198)
605
—

—

—

—

283
(1,062)
(287)
(633)

46

(5)

(1,332)

5,115

233
(605)
(698)

(37)

—

(124)

449

6,243

4,649

(5,708)

1,749

3,884

—
—
—

—

—
—

—

(6)
—
—

(48)

—
—

—

—
—
(743)

—

—
8

904

—
—
—

—

—
—

346

(128)
132
—

—

—
—

—

$

449 $

6,189 $

4,818 $

(5,362) $

1,753 $

122
(132)
(743)

(48)

—
8

1,250

4,341 $

—
—
—
—

—

—

(31)

148

—
—
—

—

(96)

(27)

25

—
—
—

—

(3)
—

(4)

283
(1,062)
(287)
(633)

46

(5)

(1,363)

5,263

233
(605)
(698)

(37)

(96)

(151)

3,909

122
(132)
(743)

(48)

(3)
8

1,246

18 $

4,359

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

47

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF BUSINESS AND 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

NATURE OF BUSINESS

International Paper (the Company) is a global paper 
and  packaging  company  with  primary  markets  and 
manufacturing  operations  in  North America,  Europe, 
Latin America,  Russia,   Asia,   Africa  and  the  Middle 
East.  Substantially  all  of  our  businesses  have 
experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, 
cycles  relating  to  available  industry  capacity  and 
general economic conditions.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been 
prepared  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles 
generally accepted in the United States that require the 
use of management’s estimates. Actual results could 
differ  from  management’s  estimates.  Prior-period 
amounts have been adjusted to conform with current 
year presentation.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016,  the  Company 
finalized its purchase of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business 
(see  Note  6).  Subsequent  to  the  acquisition,  the 
Company began reporting Global Cellulose Fibers as 
a separate business segment in the fourth quarter of 
2016 due to the increased materiality of the results of 
this business. This segment includes the Company's 
legacy  pulp  business  and  the  newly  acquired  pulp 
business. As such, amounts related to the legacy pulp  
business  have  been  reclassified  out  of  the  Printing 
Papers'  business  segment  and  included  in  the  new 
Global Cellulose Fibers business segment for all prior 
periods to conform with current year presentation.

CONSOLIDATION

The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the 
accounts of International Paper and its wholly-owned, 
controlled  majority-owned  and  financially  controlled 
subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and 
transactions are eliminated.

in  affiliated  companies  where 

Investments 
the 
Company has significant influence over their operations 
are accounted for by the equity method. International 
Paper’s share of affiliates’ results of operations totaled 
earnings (loss) of $198 million,  $117 million and $(200) 
million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

Revenue is recognized when the customer takes title 
and  assumes  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership. 

48

transactions  designated 

Revenue is recorded at the time of shipment for terms 
designated  f.o.b.  (free  on  board)  shipping  point.  For 
sales 
f.o.b.  destination, 
revenue is recorded when the product is delivered to 
the customer’s delivery site, when title and risk of loss 
are transferred. Timber and forestland sales revenue is 
generally recognized when title and risk of loss pass to 
the buyer.

SHIPPING AND HANDLING COSTS

Shipping  and  handling  costs,  such  as  freight  to  our 
customers’  destinations,  are  included  in  distribution 
expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
When shipping and handling costs are included in the 
sales  price  charged  for  our  products,  they  are 
recognized in net sales.

ANNUAL MAINTENANCE COSTS

Costs  for  repair  and  maintenance  activities  are 
expensed  in  the  month  that  the  related  activity  is 
performed  under  the  direct  expense  method  of 
accounting.

TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS

Temporary  investments  with  an  original  maturity  of 
three months or less are treated as cash equivalents 
and  are  stated  at  cost,  which  approximates  market 
value.

INVENTORIES

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market 
value  and  include  all  costs  directly  associated  with 
manufacturing  products:  materials, 
labor  and 
manufacturing overhead. In the United States, costs of 
raw materials and finished pulp and paper products, are 
generally determined using the last-in, first-out method. 
Other inventories are valued using the first-in, first-out 
or average cost methods.

PLANTS, PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT

Plants, properties and equipment are stated at cost, 
less  accumulated  depreciation.  Expenditures 
for 
betterments  are  capitalized,  whereas  normal  repairs 
and maintenance are expensed as incurred. The units-
of-production method of depreciation is used for pulp 
and paper mills, and the straight-line method is used 
for  other  plants  and  equipment. Annual  straight-line 
depreciation rates generally are, for buildings — 2.50%
to 5.00%, and for machinery and equipment — 5% to 
33%.

FORESTLANDS

At  December 31,  2016,  International  Paper  and  its 
subsidiaries  owned  or  managed  approximately 
329,000  acres  of  forestlands  in  Brazil,  and  through 

licenses  and  forest  management  agreements,  had 
harvesting rights on government-owned forestlands in 
Russia. Costs attributable to timber are expensed as 
trees are cut. The rate charged is determined annually 
based on the relationship of incurred costs to estimated 
current merchantable volume.

GOODWILL

Goodwill relating to a single business reporting unit is 
included as an asset of the applicable segment. For 
goodwill impairment testing, this goodwill is allocated 
to reporting units. Annual testing for possible goodwill 
impairment  is  performed  as  of  the  beginning  of  the 
fourth  quarter  of  each  year,  with  additional  interim 
testing performed when management believes that it is 
more  likely  than  not  events  or  circumstances  have 
occurred  that  would  result  in  the  impairment  of  a 
reporting unit’s goodwill.

In performing this testing, the Company estimates the 
fair value of its reporting units using the projected future 
cash flows to be generated by each unit, discounted for 
each  reporting  unit. These  estimated  fair  values  are 
then analyzed for reasonableness by comparing them 
to  historic  market  transactions  for  businesses  in  the 
industry, and by comparing the sum of the reporting unit 
fair  values  and  other  corporate  assets  and  liabilities 
divided by diluted common shares outstanding to the 
Company’s traded stock price on the testing date. For 
reporting units whose recorded value of net assets plus 
goodwill is in excess of their estimated fair values, the 
fair values of the individual assets and liabilities of the 
respective  reporting  units  are  then  determined  to 
calculate the amount of any goodwill impairment charge 
required. See Note 9 for further discussion.

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment upon the 
occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that 
indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not 
be recoverable, measured by comparing their net book 
value to the undiscounted projected future cash flows 
generated by their use. Impaired assets are recorded 
at their estimated fair value. 

INCOME TAXES

for 

the 

taxes  are  recorded 

International Paper uses the asset and liability method 
of  accounting  for  income  taxes  whereby  deferred 
income 
tax 
consequences attributable to differences between the 
financial  statement  and  tax  bases  of  assets  and 
liabilities.  Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are 
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to 
taxable income in the years in which those temporary 
differences  are  expected  to  be  recovered  or  settled. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are remeasured to 

future 

reflect new tax rates in the periods rate changes are 
enacted.

International Paper records its worldwide tax provision 
based on the respective tax rules and regulations for 
the  jurisdictions  in  which  it  operates.  Where  the 
Company believes that a tax position is supportable for 
income tax purposes, the item is included in its income 
tax returns. Where treatment of a position is uncertain, 
liabilities  are  recorded  based  upon  the  Company’s 
evaluation  of  the  “more  likely  than  not”  outcome 
considering the technical merits of the position based 
on specific tax regulations and the facts of each matter. 
Changes to recorded liabilities are made only when an 
identifiable  event  occurs  that  changes  the  likely 
outcome,  such  as  settlement  with  the  relevant  tax 
authority, the expiration of statutes of limitation for the 
subject tax year, a change in tax laws, or a recent court 
case that addresses the matter.

While  the  judgments  and  estimates  made  by  the 
Company are based on management’s evaluation of 
the technical merits of a matter, assisted as necessary 
by  consultation  with  outside  consultants,  historical 
experience and other assumptions that management 
believes are appropriate and reasonable under current 
circumstances, actual resolution of these matters may 
differ  from  recorded  estimated  amounts,  resulting  in 
charges  or  credits  that  could  materially  affect  future 
financial statements.

ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION COSTS

Costs  associated  with  environmental  remediation 
obligations are accrued when such costs are probable 
and reasonably estimable. Such accruals are adjusted 
as  further  information  develops  or  circumstances 
change. Costs of future expenditures for environmental 
remediation obligations are discounted to their present 
value when the amount and timing of expected cash 
payments are reliably determinable.

TRANSLATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Balance  sheets  of 
international  operations  are 
translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates, 
while  statements  of  operations  are  translated  at 
average  rates.  Adjustments  resulting  from  financial 
statement  translations  are  included  as  cumulative 
translation  adjustments 
in  Accumulated  other 
comprehensive loss.

NOTE 2 RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS

Other  than  as  described  below,  no  new  accounting 
pronouncement  issued  or  effective  during  the  fiscal 
year has had or is expected to have a material impact 
on the consolidated financial statements.

49

VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES

In  October  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2016-17, 
"Consolidation  (Topic  810):  Interests  Held  through 
Related  Parties  That  Are  under  Common  Control." 
Under consolidation guidance in ASU 2015-02 issued 
by  the  FASB  in  2015,  a  single  decision  maker  was 
required to consider an indirect interest held by a related 
party under common control in its entirety. Under the 
new guidance, the single decision maker will consider 
that  indirect  interest  on  a  proportionate  basis.  This 
guidance  is  effective  for  annual  reporting  periods 
beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods 
within those years. This guidance should be applied 
retrospectively to all relevant prior periods beginning 
with the fiscal years in which ASU 2015-02 was initially 
applied. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is 
currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and 
will adopt this ASU in the first quarter of 2017.

INCOME TAXES

In  October  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2016-16, 
"Income  Taxes  (Topic  740):  Intra-Entity  Transfers  of 
Assets  Other  Than  Inventory."  This  ASU  requires 
companies  to  recognize  the  income  tax  effects  of 
intercompany sales and transfers of assets other than 
inventory  in  the  period  in  which  the  transfer  occurs 
rather than defer the income tax effects which is current 
practice.  This  new  guidance  is  effective  for  annual 
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, 
and interim periods within those years. The guidance 
requires companies to apply a modified retrospective 
approach  with  a  cumulative  catch-up  adjustment  to 
opening  retained  earnings  in  the  period  of  adoption. 
Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently 
evaluating the provisions of this guidance.

In  November  2015,  the  FASB  issued ASU  2015-17, 
Income Taxes (Topic 740): "Balance Classification of 
Deferred Taxes." This ASU requires entities to offset all 
deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  (and  valuation 
allowances) for each tax-paying jurisdiction within each 
tax-paying component. The net deferred tax must be 
presented as a single noncurrent amount. This ASU is 
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after 
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those 
years.  Early  adoption  is  permitted.  The  Company  is 
currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and 
will adopt this ASU in the first quarter of 2017.

CASH FLOW CLASSIFICATION
In  August  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2016-15, 
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): "Classification of 
Certain  Cash  Receipts  and  Cash  Payments  (a 
consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force)." This 
ASU adds or clarifies guidance on the classification of 
certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of 
cash flows. This ASU is effective for annual reporting 

50

periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim 
periods  with  those  years  and  must  be  applied 
retrospectively  to  all  periods  presented  but  may  be 
applied prospectively from the earliest date practicable 
if retrospective application would be impracticable. The 
Company early adopted this guidance during 2016 with 
no  material  impact  on  the  consolidated  financial 
statements.
STOCK COMPENSATION
In  March  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2016-09, 
Compensation  -  Stock  Compensation  (Topic  718): 
"Improvements  to  Employee  Share-Based  Payment 
Accounting." Under this new guidance, all excess tax 
benefits and tax deficiencies will be recognized in the 
income  statement  as  they  occur  and  will  therefore 
impact the Company's effective tax rate. This guidance 
replaces current guidance which requires tax benefits 
that  exceed  compensation  costs  (windfalls)  to  be 
recognized in equity. The new guidance will also change 
the  cash  flow  presentation  of  excess  tax  benefits, 
classifying  them  as  operating  inflows  rather  than 
financing activities as they are currently classified. In 
addition,  the  new  guidance  will  allow  companies  to 
provide net settlement of stock-based compensation to 
cover  tax  withholding  as  long  as  the  net  settlement 
doesn't exceed the maximum individual statutory tax 
rate  in  the  employee's  tax  jurisdiction. Amendments 
related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are 
recognized,  minimum 
withholding 
requirements, forfeitures, and intrinsic value should be 
applied  using  a  modified  retrospective  transition 
method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to 
equity as of the beginning of the period in which the 
guidance  is  adopted.  Amendments  related  to  the 
presentation of employee taxes paid on the statement 
of cash flows when an employer withholds shares to 
meet the minimum statutory withholding requirement 
should  be  applied 
retrospectively.  Amendments 
requiring  recognition  of  excess  tax  benefits  and  tax 
deficiencies in the income statement and the practical 
expedient  for  estimating  expected  term  should  be 
applied prospectively. An entity may elect to apply the 
amendments related to the presentation of excess tax 
benefits on the statement of cash flows using either a 
prospective  transition  method  or  a  retrospective 
transition  method.  This  ASU  is  effective  for  annual 
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, 
and interim periods with those years. Early adoption is 
permitted.  The  Company  is  currently  evaluating  the 
provisions of this guidance.

statutory 

INVESTMENTS - EQUITY METHOD AND JOINT VENTURES
In  March  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2016-07, 
Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 
323): "Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method 
of Accounting." The amendments in the ASU eliminate 
the requirement that when an investment qualifies for 
use of the equity method as a result of an increase in 

the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, 
an  investor  must  adjust  the  investment,  results  of 
operations,  and  retained  earnings  retroactively  on  a 
step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in 
effect during all previous periods that the investment 
had been held. The amendments require that the equity 
method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional 
interest  in  the  investee  to  the  current  basis  of  the 
investor's previously held interest and adopt the equity 
method  of  accounting  as  of  the  date  the  investment 
becomes  qualified  for  equity  method  accounting. 
Therefore,  upon  qualifying  for  the  equity  method  of 
accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment 
is required. This ASU is effective for annual reporting 
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim 
periods  within  those  years  and  should  be  applied 
prospectively upon the effective date. Early adoption is 
permitted. The Company early adopted this guidance 
during 2016 with no material impact on the consolidated 
financial statements.

DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING
Also in March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05, 
Derivatives  and  Hedging  (Topic  815):  "Effect  of 
Derivative  Contract  Novations  on  Existing  Hedge 
Accounting  Relationships."  The  amendments  in  this 
ASU apply to all reporting entities for which there is a 
change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument 
that  has  been  designated  as  a  hedging  instrument 
under Topic 815. This ASU clarifies that a change in the 
counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been 
designated as the hedging instrument under Topic 815 
does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that 
hedging  relationship  provided  that  all  other  hedge 
accounting  criteria  continue  to  be  met.  This ASU  is 
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after 
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those 
years, and allows for the amendments to be applied on 
either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective 
basis. The Company early adopted this guidance during 
2016  with  no  material  impact  on  the  consolidated 
financial statements.

LEASES
In  February  2016,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2016-02, 
Leases  Topic  (842):  "Leases."  This ASU  will  require 
most  leases  to  be  recognized  on  the  balance  sheet 
which  will  increase  reported  assets  and  liabilities. 
Lessor accounting will remain substantially similar to 
current  U.S.  GAAP. This ASU  is  effective  for  annual 
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, 
and interim periods within those years, and mandates 
a  modified  retrospective  transition  method  for  all 
entities. The Company expects to adopt this guidance 
using a modified retrospective transition approach for 
leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning 
of  the  earliest  comparative  period  presented  in  the 
financial statements. We expect to recognize a liability 

and  corresponding  asset  associated  with  in-scope 
operating  and  finance  leases  but  we  are  still  in  the 
process  of  determining  those  amounts  and  the 
processes required to account for leasing activity on an 
ongoing basis.

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, 
"Business Combinations - Simplifying the Accounting 
for  Measurement  Period  Adjustments."  This  ASU 
provides that an acquirer must recognize adjustments 
to  provisional  amounts  that  are  identified  during  the 
measurement period in the reporting period in which 
the adjustment amounts are determined. The ASU also 
requires acquirers to present separately on the face of 
the  income  statement,  or  disclose  in  the  notes,  the 
portion  of  the  amount  recorded  in  current-period 
earnings by line item that would have been recorded in 
previous  reporting  periods  if  the  adjustment  to  the 
provisional  amounts  had  been  recognized  at  the 
acquisition date.  The Company adopted this guidance 
during 2016 with no material impact on the consolidated 
financial statements.

INVENTORY

"Simplifying 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Inventory 
(Topic  330): 
the  Measurement  of 
Inventory."  This  ASU  provides  that  entities  should 
measure  inventory  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net 
realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated 
selling prices in the ordinary course of business less 
reasonably  predictable  costs  of  completion,  disposal 
and 
is 
unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the 
retail inventory method. This ASU is effective for annual 
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, 
and interim periods within those years. Early adoption 
is permitted. The Company early adopted this guidance 
during 2016 with no material impact on the consolidated 
financial statements.

transportation.  Subsequent  measurement 

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

the  existing  requirement 

In  May  2015,  the  FASB  issued ASU  2015-07,  "Fair 
Value  Measurement  (Topic  820):  Disclosures  for 
Investments  in  Certain  Entities  That  Calculate  Net 
Asset  Value  per  Share  (or  Its  Equivalent)."  This 
guidance  eliminates 
to 
categorize within the fair value hierarchy investments 
whose  fair  values  are  measured  at  net  asset  value 
(NAV) using the practical expedient in ASC 820. Instead 
entities are required to disclose the fair values of such 
investments  so  that  financial  statement  users  can 
reconcile amounts reported in the fair value hierarchy 
table and the amounts reported on the balance sheet. 
This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after 
December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those 
years  and  should  be  applied  retrospectively.  The 

51

Company adopted the provisions of this guidance in 
2016  with  no  material  impact  on  the  consolidated 
financial statements.
DEBT ISSUANCE COSTS
In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, "Interest 
- Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30: Simplifying 
the  Presentation  of  Debt  Issuance  Costs),"  which 
simplifies the balance sheet presentation of the costs 
for  issuing  debt.  This ASU  was  effective  for  annual 
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, 
and interim periods within those years. The application 
of  the  requirements  of  this  guidance  did  not  have  a 
material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

REVENUE RECOGNITION
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue 
from  Contracts  with  Customers."  This  guidance 
replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance 
and provides that an entity should recognize revenue 
to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to 
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange 
for those goods and services.  This ASU was effective 
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 
15, 2016, and interim periods within those years and 
permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative 
effect transition method; however, in August 2015, the 
FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which defers the effective 
date  by  one  year  making  the  guidance  effective  for 
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 
2017. The FASB has continued to clarify this guidance 
in various updates during 2015 and 2016, all of which, 
have the same effective date as the original guidance.

We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 
and  all  related ASU's  on  our  consolidated  financial 
statements.  We  plan  to  adopt  the  new  revenue 
guidance  effective  January  1,  2018  using  the  full 
retrospective transition method. The Company does not 
expect 
financial 
statements to be material and we anticipate the primary 

its  consolidated 

impact  on 

the 

impact to be the additional required disclosures around 
revenue recognition in the notes to the consolidated 
financial statements. 

NOTE 3 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE 
TO INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY COMMON 
SHAREHOLDERS

Basic  earnings  per  share  is  computed  by  dividing 
earnings by the weighted average number of common 
shares  outstanding.  Diluted  earnings  per  share  is 
computed  assuming 
that  all  potentially  dilutive 
securities, including “in-the-money” stock options, were 
converted into common shares.

A  reconciliation  of  the  amounts  included  in  the 
computation  of  basic  earnings  (loss)  per  share  from 
continuing operations, and diluted earnings (loss) per 
share from continuing operations is as follows: 

In millions, except per share
amounts
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations
Effect of dilutive securities 
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations – assuming dilution
Average common shares
outstanding
Effect of dilutive securities:

Restricted performance share
plan
Stock options (a)

Average common shares
outstanding  – assuming dilution
Basic earnings (loss) per share
from continuing operations
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
from continuing operations

2016

2015

2014

$

$

909
—

$ 938
—

$ 568
—

909

$ 938

$ 568

411.1

417.4

427.7

4.5
—

3.2
—

4.2
0.1

415.6

420.6

432.0

$ 2.21

$ 2.25

$ 1.33

$ 2.19

$ 2.23

$ 1.31

(a)  Options  to  purchase  shares  were  not  included  in  the 
computation  of  diluted  common  shares  outstanding  if  their 
exercise  price  exceeded  the  average  market  price  of  the 
Company’s common stock for each respective reporting date.

NOTE 4 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

The following table presents changes in AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2016:

In millions
Balance as of December 31, 2015

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income

Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest

Balance as of December 31, 2016

Defined Benefit 
Pension and 
Postretirement 

Items (a)

Change in 
Cumulative 
Translation 

Foreign Currency 
Adjustments (a)

Net Gains and 
Losses on Cash 
Flow Hedging 
Derivatives (a)

Total (a)

$

$

(3,169) $

(2,549) $

(448)
545
97
—

263
(3)
260
2

(3,072) $

(2,287) $

10 $
(6)
(7)
(13)
—
(3) $

(5,708)
(191)
535
344
2
(5,362)

(a)  All amounts are net of tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to AOCI.

52

The following table presents changes in AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2015:

In millions
Balance as of December 31, 2014

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income

Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest

Balance as of December 31, 2015

Defined Benefit 
Pension and 
Postretirement 

Items (a)

Change in 
Cumulative 
Translation 

Foreign Currency 
Adjustments (a)

Net Gains and 
Losses on Cash 
Flow Hedging 
Derivatives (a)

Total (a)

$

$

(3,134) $

(331)
296
(35)

—

(3,169) $

(1,513) $
(1,002)
(40)
(1,042)

6

(2,549) $

1 $
(3)
12
9

—
10 $

(a)  All amounts are net of tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to AOCI.

The following table presents changes in AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2014:

In millions
Balance as of December 31, 2013

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income

Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
Balance as of December 31, 2014

Defined Benefit 
Pension and 
Postretirement 

Items (a)

Change in 
Cumulative 
Translation 

Foreign Currency 
Adjustments (a)

Net Gains and 
Losses on Cash 
Flow Hedging 
Derivatives (a)

Total (a)

$

$

(2,105) $
(1,271)
242
(1,029)
—

(3,134) $

(649) $
(863)
(13)
(876)
12

(1,513) $

(5) $
10
(4)
6
—
1 $

(4,646)
(1,336)
268
(1,068)

6
(5,708)

(2,759)
(2,124)
225
(1,899)
12
(4,646)

(a)  All amounts are net of tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to AOCI.

The following table presents details of the reclassifications out of AOCI for the three years ended:

Details About Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Components

Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (a)

2016

2015

2014

Location of Amount

Reclassified from AOCI

In millions
Defined benefit pension and postretirement items:

Prior-service costs
Actuarial gains/(losses)

Total pre-tax amount

Tax (expense)/benefit

Net of tax
Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments:

$

Business acquisition/divestiture

Tax (expense)/benefit

Net of tax
Net gains and losses on cash flow hedging derivatives:

Foreign exchange contracts

Total pre-tax amount

Tax (expense)/benefit

Net of tax
Total reclassifications for the period

(33) $
(449)
(482)
186
(296)

40
—
40

(20)
(20)
8
(12)
(268) $

Cost of products sold
Cost of products sold

Net (gains) losses on
sales and impairments of
businesses or Retained
earnings

Cost of products sold

(17) (b)
(379) (b)
(396)
154
(242)

13
—
13

3 (c)
3
1
4
(225)

$

(535) $

(a)   Amounts in parentheses indicate debits to earnings/loss.
(b)  These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 16 for 

(c)  This accumulated other comprehensive income component is included in our derivatives and hedging activities (see Note 14 for additional 

additional details).

details).

(37) $
(851)
(888)
343
(545)

3
—
3

10
10
(3)
7

53

NOTE 5 RESTRUCTURING CHARGES AND 
OTHER ITEMS

2016:  During  2016,  total  restructuring  and  other 
charges  of  $54  million  before  taxes  were  recorded. 
These charges included:

In millions
Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 13)
India packaging evaluation write-off
Gain on sale of investment in Arizona Chemical
Riegelwood mill conversion costs (a)
Turkey mill closure (b)
Total

2016

29
17
(8)
9
7
54

$

$

(a)  Includes  $3  million  of  accelerated  depreciation,  $3  million  of 

inventory write-off charges and $3 million of other charges.

(b)  Includes $4 million of accelerated depreciation and $3 million of 

severance charges which is related to 85 employees.

2015:  During  2015,  total  restructuring  and  other 
charges of $252 million before taxes were recorded. 
These charges included:

In millions
Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 13)
Timber monetization restructuring
Legal liability reserve adjustment
Riegelwood mill conversion costs net of proceeds 
from the sale of Carolina Coated Bristols brand (a)
Other
Total

$

$

2015

207
16
15

8
6
252

(a)  Includes $5 million of severance charges, which is related to 69 
employees,  $24  million  of  accelerated  depreciation,  sale 
proceeds of $22 million and $1 million of other charges.

2014:        During  2014,  total  restructuring  and  other 
charges of $846 million before taxes were recorded. 
These charges included:

In millions
Early debt extinguishment costs (see Note 13)
Courtland mill shutdown (a)
Other (b)
Total

2014

276
554
16
846

$

$

(a)  Includes $464 million of accelerated depreciation, $24 million 
of  inventory  impairment  charges,  $26  million  of  severance 
charges  related  to  49  employees  and  $40  million  of  other 
charges which are recorded in the Printing Papers segment. 

(b)  Includes  $15  million  of  severance  charges  related  to  908 

employees. 

NOTE 6 ACQUISITIONS AND JOINT VENTURES

WEYERHAEUSER PULP BUSINESS

2016: On December 1, 2016, the Company finalized 
the  purchase  of  Weyerhaeuser's  pulp  business  for 
approximately  $2.2  billion  in  cash,  subject  to  post-
closing adjustments. Under the terms of the agreement, 
International Paper acquired four fluff pulp mills, one
northern  bleached  softwood  kraft  mill  and 
two
converting  facilities  of  modified  fiber,  located  in  the 
United States, Canada and Poland.

The Company is accounting for the acquisition under 
ASC  805,  "Business  Combinations"  and  the  newly 
acquired  pulp  business's  results  of  operations  have 
been  included  in  International  Paper's  consolidated 
financial  statements  beginning  with  the  date  of 
acquisition. 

following 

The 
the  preliminary 
allocation  of  the  purchase  price  to  the  fair  value  of 
assets and liabilities acquired as of December 1, 2016.

table  summarizes 

In millions
Cash and temporary investments
Accounts and notes receivable
Inventory
Other current assets
Plants, properties and equipment
Goodwill
Other intangible assets
Deferred charges and other assets
Total assets acquired
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
Long-term debt
Other long-term liabilities
Total liabilities assumed
Net assets acquired

$

$

12
195
254
11
1,711
19
212
6
2,420
111
104
22
237
2,183

Due to the timing of the completion of the acquisition, 
the  purchase  price  and 
related  allocation  are 
preliminary  and  could  be  revised  as  a  result  of 
adjustments  made  to  the  purchase  price,  additional 
information  obtained  regarding  assets  acquired  and 
liabilities  assumed,  and  revisions  of  provisional 
estimates of fair values, including, but not limited to, the 
completion of independent appraisals and valuations 
related to inventory, property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets. These changes to the purchase price 
allocation  could  be  significant.  The  purchase  price 
allocation  will  be  finalized  within  the  measurement 
period of up to one year from the acquisition date.

54

In  connection  with  the  purchase  price  allocation, 
inventories  were  written  up  by  $33  million  to  their 
estimated  fair  value.  During  December  2016,  $19 
million  before  taxes  ($12  million  after  taxes)  were 
expensed  to  Cost  of  products  sold  as  the  related 
inventory was sold.

Since the date of acquisition, Net sales of $111 million 
and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before 
income taxes and equity earnings of $(21) million from 
the  acquired  business  have  been  included  in  the 
Company's  consolidated  statement  of  operations.  
Additionally,  Selling  and  administrative  expenses  for 
2016 include $28 million in charges before taxes ($18 
million after taxes) for integration costs associated with 
the acquisition.

identifiable 

The 
in 
connection with the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser 
pulp business included the following:

intangible  assets  acquired 

In millions

Estimated
Fair Value

Asset Class:
Customer relationships and lists
Trade names, patents, trademarks 
and developed technology
Other
Total

$

$

95

113
4

212  

Average
Remaining
Useful Life
(at acquisition
date)
24 years

8 years
10 years

On  an  unaudited  pro  forma  basis,  assuming  the 
acquisition  of  the  newly  acquired  pulp  business  had 
closed January 1, 2015, the consolidated results would 
have reflected Net sales of $22.4 billion and $23.9 billion 
and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before 
income taxes and equity earnings of $1.1 billion and  
$1.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 
2015, respectively.

The 2016 pro forma information includes adjustments 
for  additional  amortization  expense  on  identifiable 
intangible  assets  of  $18  million  and  eliminating  the 
write-off of the estimated fair value of inventory of $19 
million and non-recurring integration costs associated 
with the acquisition of $30 million.

The 2015 pro forma information includes adjustments 
for  additional  amortization  expense  on  identifiable 
intangible  assets  of  $18  million,  non-recurring 
integration costs associated with the acquisition of $30 
million,  and  incremental  expense  of  $33  million 
associated with the write-off of the estimated fair value 
of inventory.

forma  consolidated 

financial 
The  unaudited  pro 
information  was  prepared  for  comparative  purposes 
only and includes certain adjustments, as noted above. 
The  adjustments  are  estimates  based  on  currently 

55

available  information  and  actual  amounts  may  have 
differed materially from these estimates. They do not 
reflect the effect of costs or synergies that would have 
been  expected  to  result  from  the  integration  of  the 
acquisition. The pro forma information does not purport 
to  represent  International  Paper's  actual  results  of 
operations as if the transaction described above would 
have  occurred  as  of  January  1,  2015,  nor  is  it 
necessarily an indicator of future results.

HOLMEN PAPER NEWSPRINT MILL

2016:  On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the 
previously announced acquisition of Holmen Paper's 
newsprint mill in Madrid, Spain. Under the terms of the 
agreement, International Paper purchased the Madrid 
newsprint  mill,  as  well  as,  associated  recycling 
operations  and  a  50%  ownership  interest  in  a 
cogeneration facility. The Company intends to convert 
the  mill  during  the  second  half  of  2017  to  produce 
recycled containerboard with an expected capacity of 
419,000 tons. Once completed, the converted mill will 
support the Company's corrugated packaging business 
in EMEA.  
The Company's aggregated purchase price for the mill, 
recycling  operations  and  50%  ownership  of  the 
cogeneration  facility  was  €53  million  (approximately 
$59 million using June 30, 2016 exchange rate). The 
measurement  period  adjustments  recognized  in  the 
third and fourth quarters of 2016 were to reallocate the 
purchase price from property, plant and equipment to 
the specific asset and liability balance sheet line items. 
Approximately $60 million of the purchase price was 
allocated to property, plant and equipment, $14 million
to  current  assets  (primarily  cash  and  accounts 
receivable), $7 million to equity method investments, 
$3 million to long-term assets, $9 million to short-term 
liabilities and $16 million to long-term liabilities related 
to a supply contract entered into with the seller. The 
initial valuation amounts are not considered complete 
as  of  December  31,  2016  as  tax  implications  of  the 
valuation amounts are still being considered, however, 
their  impacts  are  not  expected  to  be  material  to  the 
Company.  The  amount  of  revenue  and  earnings 
recognized since the acquisition date are $90 million 
and a net loss of $2 million, respectively, for the year 
ended  December  31,  2016.  Pro  forma  information 
related to the acquisition of the Holmen businesses has 
not  been  included  as  it  is  impractical  to  obtain  the 
information due to the lack of availability of financial 
data  and  does  not  have  a  material  effect  on  the 
Company's consolidated results of operations.

ORSA

2014:    On April  8,  2014,  the  Company  acquired  the 
remaining 25% of shares of Orsa International Paper 
Embalangens  S.A.  (Orsa  IP)  from  its  joint  venture 
partner, Jari Celulose, Papel e Embalagens S.A. (Jari), 

a Grupo Jari company, for approximately $127 million, 
of  which  $105  million  was  paid  in  cash  with  the 
remaining $22 million held back pending satisfaction of 
certain indemnification obligations by Jari. An additional 
$11  million,  which  was  not  included  in  the  purchase 
price,  was  placed  in  an  escrow  account  pending 
resolution of certain open matters. During 2014, these 
open  matters  were  successfully  resolved,  which 
resulted  in  $9  million  paid  out  of  escrow  to  Jari  and 
correspondingly  added 
final  purchase 
consideration. The remaining $2 million was released 
back to the Company.  As a result of this transaction, 
the Company reversed the $168 million of Redeemable 
noncontrolling interest included on the March 31, 2014 
consolidated  balance  sheet.  The  net  difference 
between 
interest 
balance  plus  $14  million  of  currency  translation 
adjustment  reclassified  out  of  Other  comprehensive 
income less the 25% purchase price was reflected as 
an increase to Retained earnings on the consolidated 
balance sheet.

the  Redeemable  noncontrolling 

the 

to 

In  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016,  International  Paper  
released  the  amount  held  back  for  indemnification 
obligations, net of certain claims. Cash of $10 million 
was paid to Jari, which included $3 million of accrued 
interest.  The remaining unpaid balance of $12 million 
was reversed in the third quarter of 2016 with $8 million 
recorded to Retained earnings as a final purchase price 
adjustment, and $3 million to interest expense.

NOTE 7 DIVESTITURES / SPINOFF 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

2014:  On July 1, 2014, International Paper completed 
the  spinoff  of  its  distribution  business,  xpedx,  which 
subsequently merged with Unisource Worldwide, Inc., 
with the combined companies now operating as Veritiv 
Corporation 
(Veritiv).  The  xpedx  business  had 
historically  represented  the  Company's  Distribution 
reportable segment.

The spinoff was accomplished by the contribution of the 
xpedx  business  to  Veritiv  and  the  distribution  of 
8,160,000 shares of Veritiv common stock on a pro-rata 
basis to International Paper shareholders.  International 
Paper  received  a  payment  of  approximately  $411 
million,  financed  with  new  debt  in  Veritiv's  capital 
structure. 

All historical operating results for xpedx are included in 
Discontinued  operations,  net  of 
the 
accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
The  following  summarizes  the  major  classes  of  line 
items comprising Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes 
and  Equity  Earnings  reconciled 
to  Discontinued 
Operations, net of tax, related to the xpedx spinoff for 

tax, 

in 

all periods presented in the consolidated statement of 
operations:

In millions
Net Sales
Costs and Expenses
Cost of products sold
Selling and administrative expenses
Depreciation, amortization and cost of timber
harvested
Distribution expenses
Restructuring and other charges
Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles
Other, net

Earnings (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Equity
Earnings

Income tax provision (benefit)

Discontinued Operations, Net of Taxes (a)

$

2014

$ 2,604

2,309
191

9
69
25
—
3

(2)
(1)

(1)

(a)   These amounts, along with those disclosed below related to 
the Temple-Inland Building Products divestitures, are included 
in  Discontinued  operations,  net  of  tax,  in  the  consolidated 
statement of operations.

Total cash provided by operations related to xpedx of 
$29 million for 2014 is included in Cash Provided By 
(Used For) Operations in the consolidated statement of 
cash flows. Total cash provided by (used for) investing 
activities  related  to  xpedx  of  $3  million    for  2014  is 
included  in  Cash  Provided  By  (Used  For)  Investing 
Activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

OTHER DIVESTITURES AND IMPAIRMENTS

2016: On March 14, 2016, the Company announced 
that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell its 
corrugated packaging business in China and Southeast 
Asia  to  Xiamen  Bridge  Hexing  Equity  Investment 
Partnership Enterprise. The sale of this business was 
completed on June 30, 2016.  Under the terms of the 
transaction  and  after  post-closing  adjustments, 
International Paper received a total of approximately 
RMB  957  million  (approximately  $144  million  at  the 
June  30,  2016  exchange  rate),  which  included  the 
buyer's assumption of a liability for outstanding loans 
of approximately $55 million. Based on the final sales 
price, a determination was made that the current book 
value  of  the  asset  group  was  not  recoverable. As  a 
result, a combined pre-tax charge of $46 million was 
recorded  during  2016  in  the  Company's  Industrial 
Packaging segment to write down the long-lived assets 
of this business to their estimated fair value. In addition, 
the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $24 million 
for severance that was contingent upon the sale of this 
business.  The 2016 net loss totaling $70 million related 
to the impairment and severance of IP Asia Packaging 
is  included  in  Net  (gains)  losses  on  sales  and 
impairments  of  businesses  in  the  accompanying 
consolidated statement of operations.

56

NOTE 8 SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL 
STATEMENT INFORMATION

TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS 

Temporary  investments  with  an  original  maturity  of 
three months or less are treated as cash equivalents 
and are stated at cost. Temporary investments totaled 
$757 million and $738 million at December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively.

ACCOUNTS AND NOTES RECEIVABLE

Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowances, by 
classification were: 

In millions at December 31
Accounts and notes receivable:

Trade
Other
Total

INVENTORIES 

In millions at December 31
Raw materials
Finished pulp, paper and packaging
products
Operating supplies
Other
Inventories

2016

2015

$ 2,759 $ 2,480
195
$ 3,001 $ 2,675

242

2016

2015

$

296 $

339

1,381
661
100

1,248
563
78
$ 2,438 $ 2,228

International  Paper’s  U.S. 

The last-in, first-out inventory method is used to value 
most  of 
inventories. 
Approximately 79% of total raw materials and finished 
products inventories were valued using this method. If 
the first-in, first-out method  had been  used, it would 
have 
inventory  balances  by 
approximately  $376  million  and  $345  million  at 
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

increased 

total 

PLANTS, PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT 

In millions at December 31
Pulp, paper and packaging facilities
Other properties and equipment
Gross cost
Less: Accumulated depreciation
Plants, properties and equipment, net

2016

2015

$ 34,259 $ 31,466
1,242
32,708
20,728
$ 13,990 $ 11,980

1,311
35,570
21,580

The final purchase price payment of RMB 20 million 
(approximately $3 million at the December 31, 2016 
exchange rate) was received in the fourth quarter of 
2016.  The remaining payments to be received relate 
to the assumed loans which total $14 million and are 
payable up to three years from the closing of the sale.   
The  amount  of  pre-tax  losses  related  to  the  IP Asia 
Packaging  business 
the  Company's 
consolidated statement of operations were $83 million, 
$8 million and $70 million for years ended December 
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

included 

in 

2015: On October 13, 2015, the Company finalized the 
sale of its 55% interest in IP Asia Coated Paperboard 
(IP-Sun JV) business, within the Company's Consumer 
Packaging segment, to its Chinese coated board joint 
venture partner, Shandong Sun Holding Group Co., Ltd. 
for RMB 149 million (approximately USD $23 million). 
During the third quarter of 2015, a determination was 
made that the current book value of the asset group 
was  not  recoverable.  As  a  result,  the  net  pre-tax 
impairment charge of $174 million ($113 million after 
taxes) was recorded to write down the long-lived assets 
of  this  business  to  their  estimated  fair  value.    The 
impairment charge is included in Net (gains) losses on 
sales  and 
the 
accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
The amount of pre-tax losses related to noncontrolling 
interest of the IP-Sun JV included in the Company's 
consolidated  statement  of  operations  for  the  years 
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $19 million 
and  $12  million,  respectively. The  amount  of  pre-tax 
losses  related  to  the  IP-Sun  JV  included  in  the 
Company's  consolidated  statement  of  operations  for 
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were 
$226 million and  $51 million, respectively.

impairments  of  businesses 

in 

2014: During 2014, the Company recorded a net pre-
tax charge of $47 million ($36 million after taxes) for the 
loss on the sale of a business by our equity method 
investee, 
to  as  AGI-
Shorewood), and the subsequent partial impairment of 
this ASG investment. 

(formerly 

referred 

  ASG 

The 2014 net loss totaling $38 million, including the ASG 
impairment  discussed  above, 
to  other 
divestitures and impairments is included in Net (gains) 
losses on sales and impairments of businesses in the 
accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

related 

 

57

Depreciation expense was $1.2 billion, $1.2 billion and 
$1.3 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 
2015 and 2014, respectively.

INTEREST

Interest  payments  of  $682  million,  $680  million  and 
$718  million  were made  during  the  years  ended 
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Amounts related to interest were as follows: 

In millions
Interest expense (a)
Interest income (a)
Capitalized interest costs

2016

2015

2014

$

695 $
175
28

644 $
89
25

677
70
23

(a) 

Interest expense and interest income exclude approximately  
$25 million and $38 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, 
related to investments in and borrowings from variable interest 
entities for which the Company has a legal right of offset (see 
Note 12).

NOTE 9 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES

GOODWILL

The following tables present changes in the goodwill balances as allocated to each business segment for the years ended 
December 31, 2016 and 2015: 

In millions
Balance as of January 1, 2016

Goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses (a)

 
Reclassifications and other (b)
Additions/reductions
Impairment loss
Balance as of December 31, 2016

Goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses (a)

Total

Industrial
Packaging

 

Global
Cellulose
Fibers

Printing
Papers

Consumer
Packaging

 

Total

$3,325   
(237)   
3,088   

(4)
(5) (c)
—

3,316   
(237)   
$3,079   

$—
—
—
—
19 (d)
—

19
—
$19

$2,124   
(1,877)

247   
33  
(14) (e) 
—

2,143   
(1,877)
$266   

$1,664
(1,664)
—
—
—
—

1,664
(1,664)
$—

$7,113
(3,778)
3,335
29
—
—

7,142
(3,778)
$3,364

(a)  Represents accumulated goodwill impairment charges since the adoption of ASC 350, “Intangibles – Goodwill and Other” in 2002.
(b)  Represents the effects of foreign currency translations and reclassifications.
(c)  Reflects a reduction from tax benefits generated by the deduction of goodwill amortization for tax purposes in the U.S. 
(d)  Reflects the acquisition of the newly acquired pulp business. 
(e)  Reflects a reduction from tax benefits generated by the deduction of goodwill amortization for tax purposes in Brazil.

In millions
Balance as of January 1, 2015

Goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses (a)

 
Reclassifications and other (b)
Additions/reductions
Impairment loss
Balance as of December 31, 2015

Goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses (a)

Total

Industrial
Packaging

 

Global
Cellulose
Fibers

Printing
Papers

Consumer
Packaging

 

Total

$3,396   
(100)   
3,296   

(70)
(1)

(137) (e)

3,325   
(237)   
$3,088   

$—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
$—

$2,234   
(1,877)

357   
(95)  
(15) (c) 
—

2,124   
(1,877)
$247   

$1,784
(1,664)
120
(3)

(117) (d)

—

1,664
(1,664)
$—

$7,414
(3,641)
3,773
(168)
(133)
(137)

7,113
(3,778)
$3,335

(a)  Represents accumulated goodwill impairment charges since the adoption of ASC 350, “Intangibles – Goodwill and Other” in 2002.
(b)  Represents the effects of foreign currency translations and reclassifications.
(c)  Reflects a reduction from tax benefits generated by the deduction of goodwill amortization for tax purposes in Brazil.
(d)  Reduction due to the sale and de-consolidation of Shandong Sun joint venture in Asia.
(e)  Reflects a charge for goodwill impairment related to our Brazil Industrial Packaging business.

58

its  reporting  units 

In the fourth quarter of 2015, in conjunction with the annual 
testing  of 
for  possible  goodwill 
impairments, the Company calculated the estimated fair 
value of its Brazil Packaging business and determined that 
all of the goodwill in the business, totaling $137 million, 
should be written off. The decline in the fair value of the 
Brazil  Packaging  business  and  resulting  impairment 
charge was due to the negative impacts on the cash flows 
of the business caused by the continued decline of the 
overall Brazilian economy.

OTHER INTANGIBLES

Identifiable  intangible  assets  comprised  the  following:

  

2016

2015

Gross
Carrying
Amount

Accumulated
Amortization

Gross
Carrying
Amount

In millions at
December 31
Customer relationships and lists
Non-compete agreements
Tradenames, patents and 
trademarks, and developed 
technology

Land and water rights
Software
Other
Total

$

$

605 $
69

173
10
21
48
926 $

211 $
64

56
2
20
26
379 $

Accumulated
Amortization
166
56

495 $
69

61
33
22
46
726 $

54
6
20
29
331

The  Company  recognized  the  following  amounts  as 
amortization expense related to intangible assets: 

In millions
Amortization expense related to
intangible assets

2016

2015

2014

$

54 $

60 $

73

The  provision  (benefit)  for  income  taxes  (excluding 
noncontrolling interests) by taxing jurisdiction was as 
follows:

In millions
Current tax provision (benefit)

U.S. federal
U.S. state and local
Non-U.S.

 
Deferred tax provision (benefit)

U.S. federal
U.S. state and local
Non-U.S.

 
Income tax provision (benefit)

2016

2015

2014

$

35 $
—
76

$ 111 $

$ 138 $

23
(25)

$ 136 $
$ 247 $

62 $ 175
9
12
74
111
185 $ 258

(67)
321 $
5
30
(73)
(70)
281 $ (135)
466 $ 123

The Company’s deferred income tax provision (benefit) 
includes a $18 million provision, a $3 million provision 
and  a  $13  million  benefit  for  2016,  2015  and  2014, 
respectively, for the effect of changes in non-U.S. and 
U.S. state tax rates.

International Paper made income tax payments, net of 
refunds, of $90 million, $149 million and $172 million in 
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

A  reconciliation  of  income  tax  expense  using  the 
statutory U.S. income tax rate compared with the actual 
income tax provision follows: 

2016

2015

2014

In millions
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations before income taxes
and equity earnings
Statutory U.S. income tax rate
Tax expense (benefit) using
statutory U.S. income tax rate
State and local income taxes
Tax rate and permanent
differences on non-U.S. earnings
Net U.S. tax on non-U.S.
dividends
Tax benefit on manufacturing
activities
Non-deductible business
expenses
Non-deductible impairments
Sale of non-strategic assets
Tax audits
Subsidiary liquidation
Retirement plan dividends
Tax credits
Other, net
Income tax provision (benefit)
Effective income tax rate

21

(12)

12

(14)

16

(46)

9
—
12
(14)
(63)
(6)
(28)
5
$ 247

8
109
(61)
—
—
(5)
(15)
6
$ 466

7
35
—
—
(85)
(5)
(34)
(8)
$ 123

26%

37%

14%

The components of International Paper’s earnings from 
continuing operations before income taxes and equity 
earnings by taxing jurisdiction were as follows: 

In millions
Earnings (loss)

U.S.
Non-U.S.

Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations before income taxes
and equity earnings

2016

2015

2014

$

$

573 $ 1,147 $
383

119

565
307

956 $ 1,266 $

872

59

Based  on  current  intangibles  subject  to  amortization, 
estimated amortization expense for each of the succeeding 
years is as follows: 2017 – $60 million, 2018 – $53 million, 
2019 – $51 million, 2020 – $51 million, 2021 – $51 million, 
and cumulatively thereafter – $275 million.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
NOTE 10 INCOME TAXES

335
15

443
27

305
10

$ 956

$ 872

$ 1,266

35%

35%

35%

(27)

(44)

(72)

The  tax  effects  of  significant  temporary  differences, 
representing deferred income tax assets and liabilities 
at December 31, 2016 and 2015, were as follows: 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of 
unrecognized 
the  years  ended 
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 

tax  benefits 

for 

In millions
Deferred income tax assets:

Postretirement benefit accruals
Pension obligations
Alternative minimum and other tax
credits
Net operating and capital loss
carryforwards
Compensation reserves
Other
Gross deferred income tax assets
Less: valuation allowance

Net deferred income tax asset
Deferred income tax liabilities:

Intangibles
Plants, properties and equipment
Forestlands, related installment sales, 
and investment in subsidiary
Gross deferred income tax liabilities

Net deferred income tax liability

2016

2015

$

165 $

1,344

270

662
257
251
2,949
(403)
2,546 $

172
1,403

283

732
265
244
3,099
(430)
2,669

(231) $

(2,828)

(271)
(2,727)

(2,260)

(2,253)
$ (5,319) $ (5,251)
$ (2,773) $ (2,582)

$

$

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded 
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet under 
the  captions  Deferred  income  tax  assets,  Deferred 
charges and other assets, Other accrued liabilities, and 
Deferred income taxes.  There is a decrease in deferred 
income tax assets principally relating to the tax impact 
of  changes  in  qualified  pension  liabilities  and  the 
utilization  of  tax  credits  and  net  operating  loss 
carryforwards.  Deferred 
increased 
primarily due to tax greater than book depreciation. Of 
the $2.3 billion forestlands,  related installment sales, 
and investment in subsidiary deferred tax liability, $1.4 
billion is attributable to an investment in subsidiary and 
relates to a 2006 International Paper installment sale 
of forestlands and $831 million is attributable to a 2007 
Temple-Inland installment sale of forestlands (see Note 
12).  Certain tax attributes reflected on our tax returns 
as filed differ from those reflected in the deferred income 
tax accounts due to uncertain tax benefits.

liabilities 

tax 

The valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets 
as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $403 
million, $430 million and $415 million, respectively. The 
net change in the total valuation allowance for the years 
ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was a decrease 
of  $27  million  and  an  increase  of  $15  million, 
respectively. 

60

In millions
Balance at January 1
(Additions) reductions based on
tax positions related to current
year
Additions for tax positions of prior
years
Reductions for tax positions of
prior years
Settlements
Expiration of statutes of
limitations
Currency translation adjustment
Balance at December 31

2016

2015

2014

$

(150) $

(158) $

(161)

(4)

(3)

33
19

5
2

(6)

(6)

7
2

4
7

$

(98) $

(150) $

(15)

(1)

9
—

2
8
(158)

Included in the balance at December 31, 2016, 2015
and  2014  are  $0  million,  $1  million  and  $1  million, 
respectively,  for  tax  positions  for  which  the  ultimate 
benefits  are  highly  certain,  but  for  which  there  is 
uncertainty about the timing of such benefits. However, 
except  for  the  possible  effect  of  any  penalties,  any 
disallowance  that  would  change  the  timing  of  these 
benefits would not affect the annual effective tax rate, 
but would accelerate the payment of cash to the taxing 
authority to an earlier period.

The  Company  accrues  interest  on  unrecognized  tax 
benefits as a component of interest expense. Penalties, 
if incurred, are recognized as a component of income 
tax  expense.  The  Company  had  approximately  $22 
million  and  $34  million  accrued  for  the  payment  of 
estimated  interest  and  penalties  associated  with 
unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2016 and 
2015, respectively.

The  major  jurisdictions  where  the  Company  files 
income tax returns are the United States, Brazil, France, 
Poland and Russia. Generally, tax years 2003 through 
2015 remain open and subject to examination by the 
relevant  tax  authorities.  The  Company  is  typically 
engaged in various tax examinations at any given time, 
both in the United States and overseas. Pending audit 
settlements and the expiration of statute of limitations 
could reduce the uncertain tax positions by $5 million 
during  the  next  twelve  months.  While  the  Company 
believes that it is adequately accrued for possible audit 
adjustments, the final resolution of these examinations 
cannot be determined at this time and could result in 
final settlements that differ from current estimates.

Included  in  the  Company’s  2016,  2015  and  2014 
income tax provision (benefit) are $(74) million, $(121) 
million  and  $(453)  million,  respectively,  related  to 
special items. The components of the net provisions 
related to special items were as follows: 

In millions
Special items
Tax-related adjustments:

Return to accrual
Internal restructurings
Settlement of tax audits and
legislative changes
Tax rate changes
Other tax adjustments
Income tax provision (benefit)
related to special items

2016

2015

2014

$

(51) $

(84) $

(372)

23
(63)

(14)
23
8

23
(62)

—
—
2

—
(90)

10
—
(1)

$

(74) $

(121) $

(453)

The following details the scheduled expiration dates of 
the Company’s net operating loss and income tax credit 
carryforwards: 

Weyerhaeuser Company’s Containerboard, Packaging 
and  Recycling  business  and  the  2016  acquisition  of 
Weyerhaeuser's pulp business.

At  December 31,  2016, 
future  minimum 
commitments under existing non-cancelable operating 
leases and purchase obligations were as follows: 

total 

In millions
Lease
obligations
Purchase
obligations
(a)
Total

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021 Thereafter

$

119 $

91 $

69 $

51 $

38 $

125

3,165

635

525

495

460

$ 3,284 $ 726 $ 594 $ 546 $ 498 $

2,332
2,457

(a) 

Includes  $2.0  billion  relating  to  fiber  supply  agreements 
entered into at the time of the Company’s 2006 Transformation 
Plan  forestland  sales  and  in  conjunction  with  the  2008 
acquisition  of  Weyerhaeuser  Company’s  Containerboard, 
Packaging and Recycling business. Also includes $1.1 billion
relating to fiber supply agreements assumed in conjunction 
with the 2016 acquisition of Weyerhaeuser's pulp business.

2017

Through

2026

2027

Through

2036

Indefinite

Total

Rent expense was $161 million, $170 million and $154 
million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

In millions
U.S. federal and
non-U.S. NOLs
State taxing
jurisdiction NOLs
U.S. federal, non-
U.S. and state tax
credit carryforwards
U.S. federal and
state capital loss
carryforwards
Total

$

67 $

9 $

455 $

139

176

52

21

—

183

531

191

380

22
404 $

$

—
82 $

—
638 $

22
1,124

Deferred income taxes are not provided for temporary 
differences  of  approximately  $5.9  billion,  $5.7  billion 
and $5.2 billion as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 
2014, respectively, representing earnings of non-U.S. 
subsidiaries  intended  to  be  permanently  reinvested. 
Computation  of  the  potential  deferred  tax  liability 
associated with these undistributed earnings and other 
basis differences is not practicable.

NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT 
LIABILITIES

PURCHASE COMMITMENTS AND OPERATING LEASES

Certain property, machinery and equipment are leased 
under cancelable and non-cancelable agreements.

Unconditional purchase obligations have been entered 
into in the ordinary course of business, principally for 
capital projects and the purchase of certain pulpwood, 
logs, wood chips, raw materials, energy and services, 
including 
to  purchase 
pulpwood that were entered into concurrently with the 
Company’s 2006 Transformation Plan forestland sales 
and  in  conjunction  with  the  2008  acquisition  of 

fiber  supply  agreements 

61

GUARANTEES

In  connection  with  sales  of  businesses,  property, 
equipment, forestlands and other assets, International 
Paper  commonly  makes 
representations  and 
warranties relating to such businesses or assets, and 
may agree to indemnify buyers with respect to tax and 
environmental liabilities, breaches of representations 
and warranties, and other matters. Where liabilities for 
such matters are determined to be probable and subject 
to  reasonable  estimation,  accrued 
liabilities  are 
recorded at the time of sale as a cost of the transaction.

ENVIRONMENTAL AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Environmental 

International Paper has been named as a potentially 
responsible party (PRP) in environmental remediation 
actions under various federal and state laws, including 
the  Comprehensive  Environmental  Response, 
Compensation  and  Liability Act  (CERCLA).  Many  of 
these proceedings involve the cleanup of hazardous 
substances at large commercial landfills that received 
waste  from  many  different  sources.  While  joint  and 
several  liability  is  authorized  under  CERCLA  and 
equivalent state laws, as a practical matter, liability for 
CERCLA  cleanups  is  typically  allocated  among  the 
many  PRPs.    There  are  other  remediation  costs 
typically  associated  with  the  cleanup  of  hazardous 
substances  at  the  Company’s  current,  closed  or 
formerly-owned facilities, and recorded as liabilities in 
the balance sheet.  Remediation costs are recorded in 
the  consolidated  financial  statements  when  they 
become  probable  and 
reasonably  estimable. 
International Paper has estimated the probable liability 

associated with these matters to be approximately $134 
million in the aggregate as of December 31, 2016. Other 
than  as  described  above,  completion  of  required 
remedial  actions  is  not  expected  to  have  a  material 
effect on our consolidated financial statements.
Cass Lake: One of the matters included above arises 
out of a closed wood-treating facility located in Cass 
Lake,  Minnesota.  In  June  2011,  the  United  States 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) selected and 
published a proposed soil remedy at the site with an 
estimated cost of $46 million. The overall remediation 
reserve for the site is currently $50 million to address 
the selection of an alternative for the soil remediation 
component of the overall site remedy, which includes 
the ongoing groundwater remedy. In October 2011, the 
EPA released a public statement indicating that the final 
soil remedy decision would be delayed. In March 2016, 
the EPA issued a proposed plan concerning clean-up 
standards at a portion of the site, the estimated cost of 
which  is  included  within  the  $50  million  reserve 
referenced  above.  In  October  2012,  the  Natural 
Resource  Trustees  for  this  site  provided  notice  to 
International  Paper  and  other  potentially  responsible 
parties of their intent to perform a Natural Resource 
Damage Assessment.  It  is  premature  to  predict  the 
outcome of the assessment or to estimate a loss or 
range of loss, if any, which may be incurred.
Kalamazoo River: The Company is a PRP with respect 
to  the  Allied  Paper,  Inc./Portage  Creek/Kalamazoo 
River Superfund Site in Michigan. The EPA asserts that 
the site is contaminated by polychlorinated biphenyls 
(PCBs) primarily as a result of discharges from various 
paper  mills  located  along  the  Kalamazoo  River, 
including a paper mill (the Allied Paper Mill) formerly 
owned by St. Regis Paper Company (St. Regis). The 
Company is a successor in interest to St. Regis.
 

the  site,  and 

•  In  March  2016,  the  Company  and  other  PRPs 
received  a  special  notice  letter  from  the  EPA  (i) 
inviting participation in implementing a remedy for a 
portion  of 
(ii)  demanding 
reimbursement  of  EPA  past  costs  totaling  $37 
million, including $19 million in past costs previously 
demanded by the EPA.  The Company responded 
to the special notice letter. In December 2016, EPA 
issued  a  unilateral  administrative  order  to  the 
Company and other PRPs to perform the remedy. 
The  unilateral  administrative  order  has  not  yet 
become effective and the Company is evaluating its 
response.

•  In April 2016, the EPA issued a separate unilateral 
administrative  order  to  the  Company  and  certain 
other PRPs for a time-critical removal action (TCRA) 
of  PCB-contaminated  sediments  from  a  different 
portion of the site. The Company responded to the 
unilateral administrative order and agreed along with 

62

two other parties to comply with the order subject to 
its sufficient cause defenses.

•  In  October  2016,  the  Company  and  another  PRP 
received a special notice letter from the EPA inviting 
participation in the remedial design component of the 
landfill remedy for the Allied Paper Mill. The record of 
decision establishing the final landfill remedy for the 
Allied Paper Mill was issued by the EPA in September 
2016.  The Company responded to the Allied Paper 
Mill special notice letter in late December 2016.

The Company’s CERCLA liability has not been finally 
determined with respect to these or any other portions 
of the site, and except as noted above, the Company 
has declined to perform any work or reimburse the EPA 
at this time. As noted below, the Company is involved 
in allocation/apportionment litigation with regard to the 
site. Accordingly, it is premature to predict the outcome 
or estimate our maximum reasonably possible loss with 
respect to this site. However, we do not believe that any 
material loss is probable.

The Company was named as a defendant by Georgia-
Pacific Consumer Products LP, Fort James Corporation 
and  Georgia  Pacific  LLC  in  a  contribution  and  cost 
recovery action for alleged pollution at the site. The suit 
seeks contribution under CERCLA for costs purportedly 
expended by plaintiffs ($79 million as of the filing of the 
complaint) and for future remediation costs. The suit 
alleges that a mill, during the time it was allegedly owned 
and  operated  by  St.  Regis,  discharged  PCB 
contaminated solids and paper residuals resulting from 
paper de-inking and recycling. NCR Corporation and 
Weyerhaeuser  Company  are  also  named  as 
defendants  in  the  suit.  In  mid-2011,  the  suit  was 
transferred  from  the  District  Court  for  the  Eastern 
District of Wisconsin to the District Court for the Western 
District of Michigan. The trial of the initial liability phase 
took place in February 2013. Weyerhaeuser conceded 
prior to trial that it was a liable party with respect to the 
site.  In  September  2013,  an  opinion  and  order  was 
issued  in  the  suit.  The  order  concluded  that  the 
Company (as the successor to St. Regis) was not an 
“operator,” but was an “owner,” of the mill at issue during 
a portion of the relevant period and is therefore liable 
under CERCLA. The order also determined that NCR 
is a liable party as an "arranger for disposal" of PCBs 
in waste paper that was de-inked and recycled by mills 
along the Kalamazoo River. The order did not address 
the Company's responsibility, if any, for past or future 
costs. The parties’ responsibility, including that of the 
Company, was the subject of a second trial, which was 
concluded  in  late  2015.  A  decision  has  not  been 
rendered and it is unclear to what extent the Court will 
address responsibility for future costs in that decision. 
We are unable to predict the outcome or estimate our 

maximum reasonably possible loss. However, we do 
not believe that any material loss is probable.
Harris  County:  International  Paper  and  McGinnis 
Industrial  Maintenance  Corporation 
(MIMC),  a 
subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc., are PRPs at the 
San Jacinto River Waste Pits Superfund Site (the San 
Jacinto River Superfund Site) in Harris County, Texas. 
The  PRPs  have  been  actively  participating  in  the 
activities at the site. In September 2016, the EPA issued 
a proposed remedial action plan (PRAP) for the site, 
which identifies the preferred remedy as the removal of 
the  contaminated  material  currently  protected  by  an 
armored cap. In addition, the EPA selected a preferred 
remedy for the separate southern impoundments that 
requires  offsite  disposal.  The  PRPs  submitted 
comments on the PRAP. At this stage, it is premature 
to  predict  the  outcome  or  estimate  our  maximum 
reasonably  possible  loss  with  respect  to  this  site. 
However, we do not believe that any material loss is 
probable. 

In  December  2011,  Harris  County, Texas  filed  a  suit 
against the Company seeking civil penalties with regard 
to the alleged discharge of dioxin into the San Jacinto 
River from the San Jacinto River Superfund Site.  In 
November 2014, International Paper secured a zero 
liability  jury  verdict  and  the  Texas  Court  of Appeals 
affirmed in 2016. Harris County did not seek to appeal, 
nor file for an extension, before the Supreme Court of 
Texas prior to the filing deadline. The Company is also 
defending a lawsuit related to the San Jacinto River 
Superfund  Site  brought  by  approximately  400 
individuals who allege property damage and personal 
injury.  Because this case is still in the discovery phase, 
it is premature to predict the outcome or to estimate a 
loss or range of loss, if any, which may be incurred.
Antitrust
eight 
2010, 
Containerboard: 
containerboard  producers, 
International 
Paper and Temple-Inland, were named as defendants 
in a purported class action complaint that alleged a civil 
violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. The suit is 
captioned Kleen Products LLC v. International Paper 
the 
Co.  (N.D. 
defendants,  beginning  in  February  2004  through 
November  2010,  conspired  to  limit  the  supply  and 
thereby  increase  prices  of  containerboard  products. 
The class is all persons who purchased containerboard 
products directly from any defendant for use or delivery 
in the United States during the period February 2004 
to  November  2010.  The  complaint  seeks  to  recover 
unspecified  treble  damages  and  attorneys'  fees  on 
behalf of the purported class. Four similar complaints 
were filed and have been consolidated in the Northern 
District  of  Illinois.  In  March  2015,  the  District  Court 
certified a class of direct purchasers of containerboard 
products;  in  June  2015,  the  United  States  Court  of 

Ill.).  The  complaint  alleges 

In  September 

including 

that 

Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted the defendants' 
petition to appeal, and on August 4, 2016, affirmed the 
District Court's decision on all counts. We will continue 
to aggressively defend this case, including challenges 
to class certification. Likewise, in June 2016, a lawsuit 
captioned  Ashley  Furniture  Indus.,  Inc.  v.  Packaging 
Corporation of America (W.D. Wis.), was filed in federal 
court in Wisconsin. The Ashley Furniture lawsuit closely 
tracks  the  allegations  found  in  the  Kleen  Products
complaint  but  also  asserts  Wisconsin  state  antitrust 
claims. Moreover, in January 2011, International Paper 
was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in state 
court  in  Cocke  County,  Tennessee  alleging  that 
International  Paper  violated  Tennessee 
law  by 
conspiring  to  limit  the  supply  and  fix  the  prices  of 
containerboard from mid-2005 to the present. Plaintiffs 
in the state court action seek certification of a class of 
Tennessee  indirect  purchasers  of  containerboard 
products, damages and costs, including attorneys' fees. 
No class certification materials have been filed to date 
in the Tennessee action. The Company disputes the 
allegations  made  and  is  vigorously  defending  each 
action. However, because the Kleen Products action is 
in the pretrial motions stage and the Tennessee and 
Ashley Furniture actions are in a preliminary stage, we 
are unable to predict an outcome or estimate a range 
of reasonably possible loss.

to 

invoices 

Tax
On October 16, 2015, the Company was notified of a 
$110 million tax assessment issued by the state of Sao 
Paulo,  Brazil  for  tax  years  2011  through  2013.  The 
assessment  pertains 
the 
Company related to the sale of paper to the editorial 
segment, which is exempt from the payment of ICMS 
value-added tax.  This assessment is in the preliminary 
stage. The Company does not believe that a material 
loss is probable. During the second quarter of 2016, the 
Company received a favorable first instance judgment 
vacating  the  State's  assessment.  The  Company 
anticipates that the State will appeal the judgment.

issued  by 

General

The  Company  is  involved  in  various  other  inquiries, 
administrative  proceedings  and  litigation  relating  to 
environmental and safety matters, personal injury, labor 
and  employment,  contracts,  sales  of  property, 
intellectual property and other matters, some of which 
allege  substantial  monetary  damages.  While  any 
proceeding or litigation has the element of uncertainty, 
the Company believes that the outcome of any of these 
lawsuits or claims that are pending or threatened or all 
of  them  combined  (other  than  those  that  cannot  be 
assessed due to their preliminary nature) will not have 
a  material  effect  on 
financial 
statements.

its  consolidated 

63

NOTE 12 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

forestlands, 

In connection with the 2006 sale of approximately 5.6 
million  acres  of 
International  Paper 
received installment notes (the Timber Notes) totaling 
approximately $4.8 billion. The Timber Notes, which do 
not  require  principal  payments  prior  to  their  maturity 
which  was  originally August  2016,  are  supported  by 
irrevocable letters of credit obtained by the buyers of 
the forestlands.

in 

During  2006,  International  Paper  contributed  the 
Timber Notes to newly formed special purpose entities 
(the  Borrower  Entities)  in  exchange  for  Class A  and 
Class  B  interests  in  these  entities.  Subsequently, 
International Paper contributed its $200 million Class A 
interests 
the  Borrower  Entities,  along  with 
approximately  $400  million  of  International  Paper 
promissory  notes,  to  other  newly  formed  special 
purpose entities (the Investor Entities, and together with 
the  Borrower  Entities,  the  Entities)  in  exchange  for 
Class A  and  Class  B  interests  in  these  entities,  and 
simultaneously sold its Class A interest in the Investor 
Entities  to  a  third  party  investor.  As  a  result,  at 
December 31, 2006, International Paper held Class B 
interests in the Borrower Entities and Class B interests 
in the Investor Entities valued at approximately $5.0 
billion. 

Following the 2006 sale of forestlands and creation of 
the Entities discussed above, the Timber Notes were 
used  as  collateral  for  borrowings  from  third  party 
lenders, which effectively monetized the Timber Notes. 
Also during 2006, the Entities acquired approximately 
$4.8 billion of International Paper debt obligations for 
cash, resulting in a total of approximately $5.2 billion of 
International Paper debt obligations held by the Entities 
at  December 31,  2006.  The  various  agreements 
entered  into  in  connection  with  these  transactions 
provided that International Paper had, and intended to 
effect, a legal right to offset its obligation under these 
debt instruments with its investments in the Entities and 
despite  the  offset  treatment,  these  remained  debt 
obligations  of  International  Paper.  The  use  of  the 
Entities  facilitated  the  monetization  of  the  credit 
enhanced Timber Notes in a cost effective manner by 
increasing borrowing capacity and lowering the interest 
rate, while providing for the offset accounting treatment 
described  above.  Additionally, 
the  monetization 
structure  preserved  the  $1.4  billion  tax  deferral  that 
resulted from the 2006 forestlands sales. 

During 2015, International Paper initiated a series of 
actions  in  order  to  extend  the  2006  monetization 
structure and maintain the long-term nature of the $1.4 
billion  deferred  tax  liability. First,  International  Paper 
acquired the Class A interests in the Investor Entities 
from a third party for $198 million in cash. As a result, 
International Paper became the owner of all of the Class 

64

A and Class B interests in the Entities and became the 
primary  beneficiary  of  the  Entities.  The  assets  and 
liabilities  of  the  Entities,  primarily  consisting  of  the 
Timber Notes and third party bank loans, were recorded 
at fair value as of the acquisition date of the Class A 
interests.  

Subsequent to purchasing the Class A interests in the 
Investor Entities, International Paper restructured the 
Entities,  which  resulted  in  the  formation  of  wholly-
owned,  bankruptcy-remote  special  purpose  entities 
(the  2015  Financing  Entities).  As  part  of 
the 
restructuring, the Timber Notes held by the Borrower 
Entities,  subject  to  the  third  party  bank  loans,  were 
contributed to the 2015 Financing Entities along with 
approximately $150 million in International Paper debt 
obligations,  approximately  $600  million  in  cash  and 
approximately  $130  million  in  demand  loans  from 
International  Paper,  and  certain  Entities  were 
liquidated.  As  a 
transactions, 
International  Paper  began  consolidating  the  2015 
Financing Entities during the third quarter of 2015.  Also, 
during the third quarter of 2015, the 2015 Financing 
Entities used $630 million in cash to pay down a portion 
loans  and  refinanced 
of 
approximately  $4.2  billion  of 
loans  on 
nonrecourse terms (the 2015 Refinance Loans).

third  party  bank 

result  of 

those 

these 

the 

loans 

third  party  bank 

During the fourth quarter of 2015, International Paper 
extended the maturity date on the Timber Notes for an 
additional  5  years.   The Timber  Notes  are  shown  in 
Financial  assets  of  special  purpose  entities  on  the 
accompanying consolidated balance sheet and mature 
in August  2021  unless  extended  for  an  additional  5
years.  These notes are supported by approximately 
$4.8 billion of irrevocable letters of credit.  In addition, 
the Company extinguished the 2015 Refinance Loans  
scheduled to mature in May 2016 and entered into new 
nonrecourse 
totaling 
approximately  $4.2  billion  (the  Extension  Loans).  
Provisions of loan agreements related to approximately 
$1.1 billion of the Extension Loans  require the bank 
issuing  letters  of  credit  supporting  the Timber  Notes 
pledged as collateral to maintain a credit rating at or 
above a specified threshold.  In the event the credit 
rating of the letter of credit bank is downgraded below 
the  specified  threshold,  the  letters  of  credit  must  be 
replaced  within  60  days  with  letters  of  credit  from  a 
qualifying financial institution.  The Extension Loans are 
shown  in  Nonrecourse  financial  liabilities  of  special 
purpose  entities  on  the  accompanying  consolidated 
balance sheet and mature in the fourth quarter of 2020.  
The extinguishment of the 2015 Refinance Loans of 
approximately  $4.2  billion  and  the  issuance  of  the 
Extension  Loans  of  approximately  $4.2  billion  are 
shown as part of reductions of debt and issuances of 
debt,  respectively,  in  the  financing  activities  of  the 
consolidated statement of cash flows.  

The Extension Loans are nonrecourse to the Company, 
and are secured by approximately $4.8 billion of Timber 
Notes, the irrevocable letters of credit supporting the 
Timber  Notes  and  approximately  $150  million  of 
International Paper debt obligations. The $150 million 
of International Paper debt obligations are eliminated 
in the consolidation of the 2015 Financing Entities and 
are  not  reflected  in  the  Company’s  consolidated 
balance sheet. 

above 

facilitated 

described 

The purchase of the Class A interests and subsequent 
restructuring 
the 
refinancing and extensions of the third party bank loans 
on nonrecourse terms. The transactions described in 
these  paragraphs  result 
long-term 
classification  of  the  $1.4  billion  deferred  tax  liability 
recognized  in  connection  with  the  2006  forestlands 
sale.  

in  continued 

As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of 
the Timber Notes was $4.7 billion for both the years 
ended  2016  and  2015,  and  the  fair  value  of  the 
Extension Loans  was $4.3 billion for both the years 
ended 2016 and 2015. The Timber Notes and Extension 
Loans  are  classified  as  Level  2  within  the  fair  value 
hierarchy, which is further defined in Note 14.    

Activity between the Company and the 2015 Financing 
Entities (the Entities prior to the purchase of the Class 
A interest discussed above) was as follows: 

In millions
Revenue (a)
Expense (a)
Cash receipts (b)
Cash payments (c)

2015

2014
2016
$ 95 $ 43 $ 38
72
22
73

128
77
98

81
21
71

(a)  The  net  expense  related  to  the  Company’s  interest  in  the 
Entities  is  included  in  the  accompanying  consolidated 
statement  of  operations,  as  International  Paper  has  and 
intends to effect its legal right to offset as discussed above. 
After formation of the 2015 Financing Entities, the revenue 
and  expense  are  included  in  Interest  expense,  net  in  the 
accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

(b)  The cash receipts are equity distributions from the Entities to 
International Paper prior to the formation of the 2015 Financing 
Entities. After formation of the 2015 Financing Entities, cash 
receipts are interest received on the Financial assets of special 
purpose entities.

(c)  The cash payments are interest payments on the associated 
debt obligations discussed above. After formation of the 2015 
Financing Entities, the payments represent interest paid on 
Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities.

In connection with the acquisition of Temple-Inland in 
February 2012, two special purpose entities became 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of International Paper.

The  use  of  the  two  wholly-owned  special  purpose 
entities discussed below preserved the tax deferral that 
resulted  from  the  2007  Temple-Inland  timberlands 
sales.    The  Company  recognized  an  $831  million 

deferred tax liability in connection with the 2007 sales, 
which will be settled with the maturity of the notes in 
2027.

In October 2007, Temple-Inland sold 1.55 million acres 
of timberland for $2.4 billion. The total consideration 
consisted almost entirely of notes due in 2027 issued 
by the buyer of the timberland, which Temple-Inland 
contributed  to  two  wholly-owned,  bankruptcy-remote 
special  purpose  entities.  The  notes  are  shown  in 
Financial  assets  of  special  purpose  entities  in  the 
accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet  and  are 
supported by $2.4 billion of irrevocable letters of credit 
issued by three banks, which are required to maintain 
minimum credit ratings on their long-term debt. In the 
third quarter of 2012, International Paper completed its 
preliminary analysis of the acquisition date fair value of 
the  notes  and  determined  it  to  be  $2.1  billion. As  of 
December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of the notes 
was $2.2 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. These 
notes  are  classified  as  Level  2  within  the  fair  value 
hierarchy, which is further defined in Note 14.

In December 2007, Temple-Inland's two wholly-owned 
special purpose entities borrowed $2.1 billion shown in 
Nonrecourse  financial  liabilities  of  special  purpose 
entities.  The  loans  are  repayable  in  2027  and  are 
secured  only  by  the  $2.4  billion  of  notes  and  the 
irrevocable letters of credit securing the notes and are 
nonrecourse to us. The loan agreements provide that 
if a credit rating of any of the banks issuing the letters 
of credit is downgraded below the specified threshold, 
the letters of credit issued by that bank must be replaced 
within  30  days  with  letters  of  credit  from  another 
qualifying  financial  institution.  In  the  third  quarter  of 
2012,  International  Paper  completed  its  preliminary 
analysis  of  the  acquisition  date  fair  value  of  the 
borrowings and determined it to be $2.0 billion. As of 
December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of this debt 
was $2.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. This debt 
is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, 
which is further defined in Note 14.

Activity between the Company and the 2007 financing 
entities was as follows:  

In millions
Revenue (a)
Expense (b)
Cash receipts (c)
Cash payments (d)

2015

2014
2016
$ 37 $ 27 $ 26
25
7
18

27
7
18

37
15
27

(a)  The  revenue  is  included  in  Interest  expense,  net  in  the 
accompanying  consolidated  statement  of  operations  and 
includes  approximately  $19  million  for  the  years  ended 
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of accretion 
income  for  the  amortization  of  the  purchase  accounting 
adjustment on the Financial assets of special purpose entities.
(b)  The  expense  is  included  in  Interest  expense,  net  in  the 
accompanying  consolidated  statement  of  operations  and 
includes  approximately  $7  million  for  the  years  ended 

65

December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of accretion 
expense  for  the  amortization  of  the  purchase  accounting 
adjustment on the Nonrecourse financial liabilities of special 
purpose entities.

(c)  The cash receipts are interest received on the Financial assets 

of special purpose entities.

(d)  The cash payments are interest paid on Nonrecourse financial 

liabilities of special purpose entities.

NOTE 13 DEBT AND LINES OF CREDIT
In 2016, International Paper issued $1.1 billion of 3.00% 
senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2027, 
and $1.2 billion of 4.40% senior unsecured notes with 
a maturity date in 2047. In addition, the Company repaid 
approximately $266 million of notes with an interest rate 
of 7.95% and an original maturity of 2018. Pre-tax early 
debt retirement costs of $29 million related to the debt 
repayments, including $31 million of cash premiums, 
are included in restructuring and other charges in the 
accompanying  consolidated  statement  of  operations 
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016.
In  June  2016,  International  Paper  entered  into  a 
commercial paper program with a borrowing capacity 
of  $750  million.  Under  the  terms  of  the  program, 
individual maturities on borrowings may vary, but not 
exceed one year from the date of issue. Interest bearing 
notes may be issued either as fixed notes or floating 
rate notes. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had 
$165 million outstanding under this program.

In  2015,  International  Paper  issued  $700  million  of 
3.80% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 
2026, $600 million of 5.00% senior unsecured notes 
with a maturity date in 2035, and $700 million of 5.15% 
senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2046. 
The proceeds from this borrowing were used to repay 
approximately $1.0 billion of notes with interest rates 
ranging from 4.75% to 9.38% and original maturities 
from  2018  to  2022,  along  with  $211  million  of  cash 
premiums  associated  with  the  debt  repayments. 
Additionally,  the  proceeds  from  this  borrowing  were 
used to make a $750 million voluntary cash contribution 
to  the  Company's  pension  plan.  Pre-tax  early  debt 
retirement costs of $207 million related to these debt 
repayments, 
the  $211  million  of  cash 
premiums,  are  included  in  Restructuring  and  other 
charges in the accompanying consolidated statement 
of operations for the twelve months ended December 
31, 2015.

including 

Amounts related to early debt extinguishment during 
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
were as follows: 

In millions
Debt reductions (a)
Pre-tax early debt extinguishment
costs (b)

$

2016

2015

2014
266 $ 2,151 $ 1,625

29

207

276

66

(a)  Reductions related to notes with interest rates ranging from 
2.00% to 9.38% with original maturities from 2015 to 2030 for 
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. Includes 
the $630 million payment for a portion of the Special Purpose 
Entity Liability for the year ended December 31, 2015 (see 
Note 12 Variable Interest Entities).

(b)  Amounts are included in Restructuring and other charges in 

the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

A summary of long-term debt follows: 

In millions at December 31
8.7% note – due 2038
9 3/8% note – due 2019
7.95% debenture – due 2018
7.5% note – due 2021
7.3% note – due 2039
6 7/8% notes – due 2023 – 2029
6.65% note – due 2037
6.4% to 7.75% debentures due 2025 –
2027
6 5/8% note – due 2018
6.0% note – due 2041
5.25% note – due 2016
5.00% to 5.15% notes – due 2035 – 2046
4.8% note - due 2044
4.75% note – due 2022
3.00% to 4.40% notes – due 2024 – 2047
Floating rate notes – due 2016 – 2025 (a)
Environmental and industrial development
bonds – due 2016 – 2035 (b)
Short-term notes (c)
Other (d)
Total (e)
Less: current maturities
Long-term debt

2016

2015

$

264 $
295
382
598
721
131
4

142
72
585
—
1,280
796
810
3,786
763

264
295
648
603
721
131
4

142
185
585
261
1,280
796
817
1,490
438

681
—
4
11,314
239

594
5
11
9,270
426
$ 11,075 $ 8,844

(a)  The weighted average interest rate on these notes was 2.2%

(b)  The weighted average interest rate on these bonds was 5.9%

in 2016 and 2.9% in 2015.

in 2016 and 5.8% in 2015.

(c)  The weighted average interest rate was 2.2% in 2015. Includes
$5  million  at  December  31,  2015  related  to  non-U.S. 
denominated borrowings with a weighted average interest rate 
of  2.2% in 2015.
Includes $2 million at December 31, 2016 and $8 million at 
December 31, 2015 related to the unamortized gain on interest 
rate  swap  unwinds  (see  Note  14  Derivatives  and  Hedging 
Instruments).

(e)  The  fair  market  value  was  approximately  $12.0  billion  at 

(d) 

December 31, 2016 and $9.9 billion at December 31, 2015.

Total  maturities  of  long-term  debt  over  the  next  five 
years are 2017 – $239 million; 2018 – $690 million; 
2019 – $433 million; 2020 – $179 million; and 2021 – 
$612 million. 

At  December  31,  2016,  International  Paper’s  credit 
facilities  (the  Agreements)  totaled  $2.1  billion.  The 
Agreements  generally  provide  for  interest  rates  at  a 
floating  rate  index  plus  a  pre-determined  margin 
dependent upon International Paper’s credit rating. The 

Agreements 
include  a  $1.5  billion  contractually 
committed bank facility that expires in December 2021 
and has a facility fee of 0.15% payable annually. The 
liquidity  facilities  also  include  up  to  $600  million  of 
uncommitted  financings based on eligible receivables 
balances (approximately $600 million available as of 
December 31, 2016) under a receivables securitization 
program that expires in December 2017. At December 
31, 2016, there were no borrowings under either the 
bank facility or receivables securitization program.

Maintaining  an  investment  grade  credit  rating  is  an 
important  element  of  International  Paper’s  financing 
strategy. At  December  31,  2016,  the  Company  held 
long-term  credit  ratings  of  BBB  (stable  outlook)  and 
Baa2 
(stable  outlook)  by  S&P  and  Moody’s, 
respectively.

NOTE 14 DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING 
ACTIVITIES

rate,  commodity  and  currency 

International  Paper  periodically  uses  derivatives  and 
other  financial  instruments  to  hedge  exposures  to 
interest 
risks. 
International  Paper  does  not  hold  or  issue  financial 
instruments for trading purposes. For hedges that meet 
the hedge accounting criteria, International Paper, at 
inception,  formally  designates  and  documents  the 
instrument as a fair value hedge, a cash flow hedge or 
a  net  investment  hedge  of  a  specific  underlying 
exposure.

INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT

Our policy is to manage interest cost using a mixture of 
fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. To manage this risk 
in a cost-efficient manner, we enter into interest rate 
swaps  whereby  we  agree  to  exchange  with  the 
counterparty,  at  specified  intervals,  the  difference 
between fixed and variable interest amounts calculated 
by reference to a notional amount.

Interest  rate  swaps  that  meet  specific  accounting 
criteria  are  accounted  for  as  fair  value  or  cash  flow 
hedges. For fair value hedges, the changes in the fair 
value  of  both  the  hedging  instruments  and  the 
underlying debt obligations are immediately recognized 
in interest expense. For cash flow hedges, the effective 
portion of the changes in the fair value of the hedging 
instrument 
in  Accumulated  other 
comprehensive income (“AOCI”) and reclassified into 
interest expense over the life of the underlying debt. 
The ineffective portion for both cash flow and fair value 
hedges, which is not material for any year presented, 
is immediately recognized in earnings.

reported 

is 

FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT

We  manufacture  and  sell  our  products  and  finance 
operations  in  a  number  of  countries  throughout  the 

67

world and, as a result, are exposed to movements in 
foreign currency exchange rates. The purpose of our 
foreign  currency  hedging  program  is  to  manage  the 
volatility  associated  with  the  changes  in  exchange 
rates.

To manage this exchange rate risk, we have historically 
utilized a combination of forward contracts, options and 
currency swaps. Contracts that qualify are designated 
as cash flow hedges of certain forecasted transactions 
denominated  in  foreign  currencies.  The  effective 
portion of the changes in fair value of these instruments 
is reported in AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the 
same  financial  statement  line  item  and  in  the  same 
period  or  periods  during  which  the  related  hedged 
transactions affect earnings. The ineffective portion,
which  is  not  material  for  any  year  presented,  is 
immediately recognized in earnings.

to  manage 

in  value  of  certain  non-qualifying 
The  change 
instruments  used 
foreign  exchange 
exposure of intercompany financing transactions and 
certain balance sheet items subject to revaluation is 
immediately  recognized  in  earnings,  substantially 
offsetting the foreign currency mark-to-market impact 
of the related exposure.

COMMODITY RISK MANAGEMENT

Certain raw materials used in our production processes 
are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply 
conditions, political and economic variables and other 
unpredictable  factors.  To  manage  the  volatility  in 
earnings due to price fluctuations, we may utilize swap 
contracts or forward purchase contracts. 

Derivative instruments are reported in the consolidated 
balance sheets at their fair values, unless the derivative 
instruments qualify for the normal purchase normal sale 
("NPNS") exception under GAAP and such exception 
has been elected.  If the NPNS exception is elected, 
the fair values of such contracts are not recognized on 
the balance sheet.

Contracts  that  qualify  are  designated  as  cash  flow 
hedges  of  forecasted  commodity  purchases.  The 
effective portion of the changes in fair value for these 
instruments is reported in AOCI and reclassified into 
earnings in the same financial statement line item and 
in the same period or periods during which the hedged 
transactions affect earnings. The ineffective and non-
qualifying portions, which are not material for any year 
presented, are immediately recognized in earnings. 

The change in the fair value of certain non-qualifying 
instruments used to reduce commodity price volatility 
is immediately recognized in earnings.

The notional amounts of qualifying and non-qualifying 
instruments  used  in  hedging  transactions  were  as 
follows: 

In millions
Derivatives in Cash Flow
Hedging Relationships:

Foreign exchange contracts 
(a)

Derivatives in Fair Value
Hedging Relationships:
Interest rate contracts

Derivatives Not Designated as
Hedging Instruments:
Electricity contract
Foreign exchange contracts
Interest rate contracts

December 31,

2016

December 31,

2015

275

290

—

6
24
—

17

16
35
38

(a)  These  contracts  had  maturities  of  two  years  or  less  as  of 

December 31, 2016.

The following table shows gains or losses recognized 
in AOCI, net of tax, related to derivative instruments:

  
In millions
Foreign exchange
contracts
Interest rate contracts

Total

Gain (Loss)

Recognized in AOCI on Derivatives

(Effective Portion)

2016

2015

2014

$

$

4 $

(10)
(6) $

(3) $

—
(3) $

10

—
10

During  the  next  12  months,  the  amount  of  the 
December 31,  2016 AOCI  balance,  after  tax,  that  is 
expected to be reclassified to earnings is an immaterial 
loss.

The amounts of gains and losses recognized in the consolidated statement of operations on qualifying and non-
qualifying financial instruments used in hedging transactions were as follows: 

  
In millions
Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships:

Foreign exchange contracts
Total

 

  
In millions
Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships:

Interest rate contracts
Debt
Total

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:

Electricity Contracts
Foreign exchange contracts
Interest rate contracts
Total

Gain (Loss)

Reclassified from

AOCI

into Income

(Effective Portion)

2016

2015

2014

$
$

7 $
7 $

(12) $
(12) $

 
 

4   
4

 

Location of Gain

(Loss)

Reclassified
from AOCI
into Income

(Effective Portion)

  

Cost of products sold

Gain (Loss)
Recognized
in Income

2016

 

2015

 

2014

 
 

Location of Gain 

(Loss)

in Consolidated 
Statement of
Operations

  

$ —

—   
$ —   

$

3   
(3)

$ —   

$

1
(1)   
$ —   

Interest expense, net
Interest expense, net
 

$ —
—
5 (a)
5

$

$

$

(7)
(4)
13 (b)
2   

$

$

(2)
(1)
12 (c)
9

Cost of products sold
Cost of products sold
Interest expense, net
 

(a)   Excluding gain of $2 million related to debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges.
(b)  Excluding gain of $3 million  related to debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges.
(c)   Excluding gain of $7 million, net related to debt issuance and debt reduction recorded to Restructuring and other charges.

68

The following activity is related to fully effective interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges:

  
In millions
Second Quarter
First Quarter
Total

2016

Issued

 

Terminated

$

$

$

—
—
—    $

  Undesignated
—
—
—

—    $
55
55

  
   $

2015

Issued

Terminated

 

$

$

—
—
—

$

$

175
—
175

   $

Undesignated  
$

38
—   
  
38

Note: There was no activity in the third and fourth quarters in either 2016 or 2015.

The market value of each contract is the sum of the fair 
value  of  all  future  interest  payments  between  the 
contract counterparties, discounted to present value. 
The  fair  value  of  the  future  interest  payments  is 
determined  by  comparing  the  contract  rate  to  the 
derived forward interest rate and present valued using 
the appropriate derived interest rate curve.

Foreign Exchange Contracts

Foreign  currency  forward  and  option  contracts  are 
valued using standard valuation models.  Significant 
inputs  used  in  these  standard  valuation  models  are 
foreign currency forward and interest rate curves  and 
a  volatility  measurement.    The  fair  value  of  each 
contract is present valued using the applicable interest 
rate.  All significant inputs are readily available in public 
markets,  or  can  be  derived  from  observable  market 
transactions.

Electricity Contract

The electricity contract is valued using the Mid-C index 
forward  curve  obtained  from  the  Intercontinental 
Exchange.  The market value of the contract is the sum 
of  the  fair  value  of  all  future  purchase  payments 
between  the  contract  counterparties,  discounted  to 
present value.  The fair value of the future purchase 
payments  is  determined  by  comparing  the  contract 
price  to  the  forward  price  and  present  valued  using 
International Paper's cost of capital.

Since the volume and level of activity of the markets 
that each of the above contracts are traded in has been 
normal,  the  fair  value  calculations  have  not  been 
adjusted for inactive markets or disorderly transactions.

Fair Value Measurements

International Paper’s financial assets and liabilities that 
are recorded at fair value consist of derivative contracts, 
including interest rate swaps, foreign currency forward 
contracts, options and other financial instruments that 
are  used 
interest  rate, 
commodity  and  currency  risks.    For  these  financial 
instruments, fair value is determined at each balance 
sheet date using an income approach. 

to  hedge  exposures 

to 

The  guidance  for  fair  value  measurements  and 
disclosures sets out a fair value hierarchy that groups 
fair value measurement inputs into the following three 
classifications:

Level  1:  Quoted  market  prices  in  active  markets  for 
identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2: Observable market-based inputs other than 
quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1  that  are 
observable  for  the  asset  or  liability,  either  directly  or 
indirectly.

Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability 
reflecting  the  reporting  entity’s  own  assumptions  or 
external inputs from inactive markets.

Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of 
the  reporting  period.  All  of  International  Paper’s 
derivative fair value measurements use Level 2 inputs.
Below is a description of the valuation calculation and 
the inputs used for each class of contract:

Interest Rate Contracts

Interest rate contracts are valued using swap curves 
obtained  from  an  independent  market  data  provider. 

69

The following table provides a summary of the impact of our derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheet:

Fair Value Measurements

Level 2 – Significant Other Observable Inputs

 

  

In millions
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments

Foreign exchange contracts – cash flow
Total derivatives designated as hedging
instruments
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

Electricity contract

Total derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments
Total derivatives

Assets

December 31,

2016

December 31,

2015

 

 

 

Liabilities

December 31,

2016

December 31,

2015

 

 

 

$

$

$

$
$

3 (a) $

5 (a) $

3   

—

—   
3   

$

$

$
$

5   

—

—   
5   

$

$

$
$

4 (b) $

4   

$

2 (b) $

2   
6   

$
$

1 (b)

1   

7 (c)

7   
8   

(a) 
(b) 
(c) 

Included in Other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.
Included in Other accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.
Includes $4 million recorded in Other accrued liabilities and $3 million recorded in Other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance 
sheet.

The above contracts are subject to enforceable master 
netting arrangements that provide rights of offset with 
each counterparty when amounts are payable on the 
same date in the same currency or in the case of certain 
specified  defaults. 
  Management  has  made  an 
accounting policy election to not offset the fair value of 
recognized derivative assets and derivative liabilities in 
the consolidated balance sheet.  The amounts owed to 
the  counterparties  and  owed  to  the  Company  are 
considered 
to  each 
counterparty  and 
the  aggregate  with  all 
counterparties.

immaterial  with 

respect 

in 

Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features

International Paper evaluates credit risk by monitoring 
its  exposure  with  each  counterparty  to  ensure  that 
exposure stays within acceptable policy limits. Credit 
risk is also mitigated by contractual provisions with the 
majority of our banks. Certain of the contracts include 
a  credit  support  annex  that  requires  the  posting  of 
collateral  by  the  counterparty  or  International  Paper 
based  on  each  party’s  rating  and  level  of  exposure. 
Based  on  the  Company’s  current  credit  rating,  the 
collateral threshold is generally $15 million.

If the lower of the Company’s credit rating by Moody’s 
or  S&P  were  to  drop  below  investment  grade,  the 
Company would be required to post collateral for all of 
its  derivatives  in  a  net  liability  position,  although  no 
derivatives  would 
fair  values  of 
derivative  instruments  containing  credit-risk-related 
contingent features in a net liability position were $3 
million and $1  million as  of December 31,  2016 and 
December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company was  

terminate.  The 

not required to post any collateral as of December 31, 
2016 or 2015. 

NOTE 15 CAPITAL STOCK

The  authorized  capital  stock  at  both  December 31, 
2016  and  2015,  consisted  of  990,850,000  shares  of 
common  stock,  $1  par  value;  400,000  shares  of 
cumulative $4 preferred stock, without par value (stated 
value $100 per share); and 8,750,000 shares of serial 
preferred stock, $1 par value. The serial preferred stock 
is  issuable  in  one  or  more  series  by  the  Board  of 
Directors without further shareholder action.

The following is a rollforward of shares of common stock 
for the three years ended December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014: 
  
In thousands
Balance at January 1, 2014

Common Stock
Issued
447,222
1,632

Treasury
10,868
(4,668)
— 22,534
28,734
448,854
(4,230)
62
— 12,272
36,776
(2,745)
3,640
37,671

448,916
—
—
448,916

Issuance of stock for various plans, net
Repurchase of stock

Balance at December 31, 2014

Issuance of stock for various plans, net
Repurchase of stock

Balance at December 31, 2015

Issuance of stock for various plans, net
Repurchase of stock

Balance at December 31, 2016

NOTE 16 RETIREMENT PLANS

International  Paper  sponsors  and  maintains 
the 
Retirement Plan of International Paper Company (the 
“Pension Plan”), a tax-qualified defined benefit pension 

70

plan that provides retirement benefits to substantially 
all  U.S.  salaried  employees  and  hourly  employees 
(receiving salaried benefits) hired prior to July 1, 2004, 
and  substantially  all  other  U.S.  hourly  and  union 
employees who work at a participating business unit 
regardless of hire date. These employees generally are 
eligible to participate in the Pension Plan upon attaining 
21 years of age and completing one year of eligibility 
service. U.S. salaried employees and hourly employees 
(receiving salaried benefits) hired after June 30, 2004 
are not eligible to participate in the Pension Plan, but 
receive  a  company  contribution  to  their  individual 
savings plan accounts (see Other U.S. Plans); however, 
salaried  employees  hired  by  Temple  Inland  prior  to 
March 1, 2007 or Weyerhaeuser Company's Cellulose 
Fibers  division  prior  to  December  1,  2011  also 
participate  in  the  Pension  Plan.  The  Pension  Plan 
provides defined pension benefits based on years of 
credited  service  and  either  final  average  earnings 
(salaried employees and hourly employees receiving 
salaried benefits), hourly job rates or specified benefit 
rates (hourly and union employees). 

The  Company  also  has  three  unfunded  nonqualified 
defined benefit pension plans: a Pension Restoration 
Plan available to employees hired prior to July 1, 2004 
that  provides  retirement  benefits  based  on  eligible 
compensation  in  excess  of  limits  set  by  the  Internal 
Revenue  Service,  and  two  supplemental  retirement 
plans  for  senior  managers  (SERP),  which  is  an 
alternative retirement plan for salaried employees who 
are  senior  vice  presidents  and  above  or  who  are 
designated  by 
the  chief  executive  officer  as 
participants. These nonqualified plans are only funded 
to the extent of benefits paid, which totaled $21 million, 
$62 million and $38 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, 
respectively, and which are expected to be $38 million 
in 2017.

The  Company  will  freeze  participation,  including 
credited  service  and  compensation, 
for  salaried 
employees  under  the  Pension  Plan,  the  Pension 
Restoration Plan and the two SERP plans for all service 
on or after January 1, 2019. This change will not affect 
benefits  accrued  through  December  31,  2018. For 
service after this date, employees affected by the freeze 
will receive Retirement Savings Account contributions 
as described later in this Note 16.

Many  non-U.S.  employees  are  covered  by  various 
retirement  benefit  arrangements,  some  of  which  are 
considered  to  be  defined  benefit  pension  plans  for 
accounting purposes.

OBLIGATIONS AND FUNDED STATUS

The following table shows the changes in the benefit 
obligation and plan assets for 2016 and 2015, and the 
plans’ funded status. 

2016

2015

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

$14,438 $ 204 $14,741 $ 233
6
10
(12)
(1)
—
—
(7)

158
580
(1,222)
495
1
—
(767)

161
597
(43)
(254)
—
—
(764)

4
9
(2)
35
—
(1)
(9)

—

(21)

—

(25)

$13,683 $ 219 $14,438 $ 204

$10,923 $ 155 $10,918 $ 180

607
771
(767)
(1,222)

17
8
(9)
(2)

(1)
813
(764)
(43)

4
9
(7)
(12)

—

(16)

—

(19)

$10,312 $ 153 $10,923 $ 155

$ (3,371) $

(66) $ (3,515) $

(49)

$

— $
(40)
(3,331)

$ (3,371) $

— $
(22)
(3,493)

6 $
(3)
(69)
(66) $ (3,515) $

7
(2)
(54)
(49)

$

125 $ — $

4,757

$ 4,882 $

166 $ —
42
42

4,899

61
61 $ 5,065 $

  

In millions
Change in projected benefit
obligation:

Benefit obligation,
January 1
Service cost
Interest cost
Settlements
Actuarial loss (gain)
Acquisitions
Plan amendments
Benefits paid
Effect of foreign currency
exchange rate
movements
Benefit obligation,
December 31

Change in plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets, 
January 1
Actual return on plan
assets
Company contributions
Benefits paid
Settlements
Effect of foreign currency
exchange rate
movements
Fair value of plan
assets, December 31

Funded status,
December 31
Amounts recognized in the
consolidated balance
sheet:

Non-current asset
Current liability
Non-current liability

 

Amounts recognized in
accumulated other
comprehensive income
under ASC 715 (pre-tax):

Prior service cost
Net actuarial loss

 

71

The components of the $183 million and $19 million 
change  related  to  U.S.  plans  and  non-U.S.  plans, 
respectively, in the amounts recognized in OCI during 
2016 consisted of: 

In millions
Current year actuarial (gain) loss
Amortization of actuarial loss
Current year prior service cost
Amortization of prior service cost
Settlements
Effect of foreign currency exchange
rate movements
 

$

$

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

703 $
(400)
—
(41)
(445)

—

(183) $

27
(1)
(1)
—
—

(6)
19

The accumulated benefit obligation at December 31, 
2016  and  2015  was  $13.5  billion  and  $14.3  billion, 
respectively,  for  our  U.S.  defined  benefit  plans  and  
$205  million  and  $189  million,  respectively,  at 
December 31, 2016 and 2015 for our non-U.S. defined 
benefit plans.

The following table summarizes information for pension 
plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess 
of plan assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015: 

  

2016

2015

In millions
Projected benefit
obligation
Accumulated benefit
obligation
Fair value of plan assets

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

$ 13,683 $ 190 $ 14,438 $

182

13,535
10,312

177
118

14,282
10,923

168
126

ASC  715,  “Compensation  –  Retirement  Benefits” 
provides for delayed recognition of actuarial gains and 
losses, including amounts arising from changes in the 
estimated  projected  plan  benefit  obligation  due  to 
changes  in  the  assumed  discount  rate,  differences 
between the actual and expected return on plan assets 
and other assumption changes. These net gains and 
losses are recognized prospectively over a period that 
approximates the average remaining service period of 
active employees expected to receive benefits under 
the plans to the extent that they are not offset by gains 
in subsequent years. The estimated net loss and prior 
service cost that will be amortized from AOCI into net 
periodic pension cost for the U.S. plans during the next 
fiscal  year  are  expected  to  be  $341  million  and  $28 
million, respectively.

NET PERIODIC PENSION EXPENSE

Service cost is the actuarial present value of benefits 
attributed  by  the  plans’  benefit  formula  to  services 
rendered by employees during the year. Interest cost 
represents  the  increase  in  the  projected  benefit 
obligation, which is a discounted amount, due to the 
passage of time. The expected return on plan assets 
reflects the computed amount of current-year earnings 
from the investment of plan assets using an estimated 
long-term rate of return.

Net  periodic  pension  expense  for  qualified  and 
nonqualified U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit plans 
comprised the following: 

  

2016

2015

2014

In millions
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return
on plan assets
Actuarial loss /
(gain)
Amortization of
prior service
cost
Curtailment 
loss / (gain)
Settlement loss
Net periodic
pension
expense (a)

U.S.
Plans
$ 158 $

580

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

4 $ 161 $
9

597

6 $ 145 $
10

600

Non-
U.S.
Plans
5
13

(815)

(10)

(783)

(11)

(762)

(14)

400

41

—
445

1

428

1

374

—

—
—

43

—
15

—

—
—

30

—
—

—

—

(4)
—

$ 809 $

4 $ 461 $

6 $ 387 $ —

(a)    Excludes $1 million in curtailments in 2014 related to the pension 
freeze remeasurement that were recorded in restructuring and 
other charges.

The  increase  in  2016  pension  expense  reflects  a 
decrease in the discount rate from 4.10% in 2015 to a 
weighted  average  of  4.05%  in  2016  (4.40%  from 
January 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016, 3.80% from July 1, 
2016 to September 30, 2016 and 3.60% from October 
1, 2016 to December 31, 2016 for the qualified plan) 
and a $445 million settlement charge in  2016 related 
to the previously announced optional lump sum payout 
partially  offset  by  higher  asset  returns  and  lower 
actuarial losses.

As  previously  disclosed,  in  the  first  quarter  of  2016 
International  Paper    announced  a  voluntary,  limited-
time  opportunity  for  former  employees  who  are 
participants  in  the  Retirement  Plan  of  International 
Paper Company (the Pension Plan) to request early 
payment of their entire Pension Plan benefit in the form 
of  a  single  lump  sum  payment. The  amount  of  total 
payments under this program was approximately $1.2 
billion, and were made from Plan trust assets on June 
30,  2016.    Based  on  the  level  of  payments  made, 
settlement accounting rules applied and resulted in a 

72

plan remeasurement as of the June 30, 2016 payment 
date. As  a  result  of  settlement  accounting, 
the 
Company  recognized  a  pro-rata  portion  of 
the 
unamortized net actuarial loss, after remeasurement, 
resulting  in  a  $439  million  non-cash  charge  to  the 
Company's  earnings  in  the  second  quarter  of  2016.  
Additional payments of $8 million and $9 million were 
made during the third and fourth quarters, respectively, 
due to mandatory cash payouts and a small lump sum 
payout,  and  the  Pension  Plan  was  subsequently 
remeasured at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 
2016.    As  a  result  of  settlement  accounting,  the 
Company recognized non-cash settlement charges of 
$3 million in both the third and fourth quarters of 2016.

ASSUMPTIONS

accounting 

International Paper evaluates its actuarial assumptions 
annually as of December 31 (the measurement date) 
and  considers  changes  in  these  long-term  factors 
based upon market conditions and the requirements for 
employers’ 
pensions.  These 
assumptions are used to calculate benefit obligations 
as  of  December 31  of  the  current  year  and  pension 
expense to be recorded in the following year (i.e., the 
discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation 
as of December 31, 2016 was also the discount rate 
used to determine net pension expense for the 2017
year).

for 

Major actuarial assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations and net periodic pension cost for our defined 
benefit plans are presented in the following table:

  

  
Actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31:

Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase

Actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost for years
ended December 31:

Discount rate (a)
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (b)
Rate of compensation increase

2016

2015

2014

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

4.10% 3.88% 4.40% 4.64% 4.10% 4.72%
3.75% 4.20% 3.75% 4.12% 3.75% 4.03%

4.05% 4.72% 4.10% 4.72% 4.65% 5.07%
7.75% 6.55% 7.75% 6.64% 7.75% 7.53%
3.75% 4.03% 3.75% 4.03% 3.75% 4.13%

 

quarters of 2016 and the first quarter of 2014.

Inland Retirement Plan was 7.00% for 2014.

(a)    Represents the weighted average rate for the U.S. qualified plans in 2016 and 2014 due to the remeasurement in the second, third and fourth 

(b)   Represents the expected rate of return for International Paper's qualified pension plan for 2014. The weighted average rate for the Temple-

The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is 
based  on  projected  rates  of  return  for  current  and 
planned asset classes in the plan’s investment portfolio. 
Projected  rates  of  return  are  developed  through  an 
asset/liability study in which projected returns for each 
of  the  plan’s  asset  classes  are  determined  after 
analyzing historical experience and future expectations 
of returns and volatility of the various asset classes. 

Based  on  the  target  asset  allocation  for  each  asset 
class, the overall expected rate of return for the portfolio 
is developed considering the effects of active portfolio 
management and expenses paid from plan assets. The 
discount  rate  assumption  was  determined  from  a 
universe of high quality corporate bonds. A settlement 
portfolio is selected and matched to the present value 
of the plan’s projected benefit payments. To calculate 
pension expense for 2017, the Company will use an 
expected  long-term  rate  of  return  on  plan  assets  of 
7.50% for the Retirement Plan of International Paper, 
a  discount  rate  of  4.10%  and  an  assumed  rate  of 
compensation  increase  of  3.75%.  The  Company 
estimates  that  it  will  record  net  pension  expense  of 

73

approximately $310 million for its U.S. defined benefit 
plans in 2017, with the decrease from expense of $809 
million in 2016 mainly related to no expected settlement 
charges in 2017 and an increase in the discount rate to 
4.10% in 2017 from 4.05% in 2016, partially offset by a 
reduction in the return on asset assumption to 7.50%
in 2017 from 7.75% in 2016.

For  non-U.S.  pension  plans,  assumptions  reflect 
economic assumptions applicable to each country.

The following illustrates the effect on pension expense 
for  2017  of  a  25  basis  point  decrease  in  the  above 
assumptions: 

In millions
Expense/(Income):

Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

2017

$

33
26
(1)

PLAN ASSETS

Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2016

International Paper’s Board of Directors has appointed 
a Fiduciary Review Committee that is responsible for 
fiduciary oversight of the U.S. Pension Plan, approving 
investment policy and reviewing the management and 
control of plan assets. Pension Plan assets are invested 
to maximize returns within prudent levels of risk. 

The Pension Plan maintains a strategic asset allocation 
policy that designates target allocations by asset class. 
Investments are diversified across classes and within 
each  class  to  minimize  the  risk  of  large  losses. 
Derivatives,  including  swaps,  forward  and  futures 
contracts, may be used as asset class substitutes or 
for  hedging  or  other  risk  management  purposes. 
Periodic  reviews  are  made  of  investment  policy 
objectives and investment manager performance. For 
non-U.S. plans, assets consist principally of common 
stock and fixed income securities.

International Paper’s U.S. pension allocations by type 
of fund at December 31, and target allocations were as 
follows:

Asset Class
Equity accounts
Fixed income accounts
Real estate accounts
Other
Total

2016

2015

51%
27%
10%
12%
100%

48%
33%
10%
9%
100%  

Target

Allocations

43% - 54%
25% - 35%
7% - 13%
8% - 17%

The fair values of International Paper’s pension plan 
assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 by asset class 
are shown below. Plan assets included an immaterial 
amount  of  International  Paper  common  stock  at 
December 31, 2016 and 2015. Hedge funds disclosed 
in  the  following  table  are  allocated  equally  between 
equity and fixed income accounts for target allocation 
purposes. 

Quoted
Prices in
Active
Markets

For

Total

Identical
Assets
(Level 1)
  
  
$ 2,208 $

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

  
1,380 $
1,806
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
322

  
828 $
769
1,018
870
40
234
324
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
1
11
—
—
—
—
(71)
—

Asset Class
In millions
Equities – domestic
Equities – international
Corporate bonds
Government securities
Mortgage backed securities
Other fixed income
Commodities
Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate
Derivatives
Cash and cash equivalents
Other investments: (a)
  Hedge funds
  Private equity
  Real estate
  Risk parity funds
Total Investments

Asset Class
In millions
Equities – domestic
Equities – international
Corporate bonds
Government securities

Mortgage backed securities

Other fixed income
Commodities
Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate
Derivatives

Cash and cash equivalents

Other investments: (a)
  Hedge funds
  Private equity
  Real estate
  Risk parity funds

Total Investments

2,575
1,018
870
41
245
324
—
—
—
(71)
322

891
472
1,015
402

2,563
1,286
518

217
275
118
—
—
—
(19)

975

894
492
1,094
360

$10,312 $

3,508 $

4,083 $

(59)

Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2015

Quoted
Prices

in

Active
Markets

For

Total

Identical
Assets
(Level 1)
  
  
$ 2,150 $

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

  
1,382 $
1,818
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—

975

  
768 $
745
1,286
518

217
265
118
—
—
—
1

—

—
—
—
—

—
10
—
—
—
—
(20)

—

$10,923 $

4,175 $

3,918 $

(10)

 

(a) In accordance with accounting guidance ASU 2015-07, certain 
investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per 
share  (or  its  equivalent)  practical  expedient  have  not  been 
classified  in  the  fair  value  hierarchy.  The  fair  value  amounts 
presented in these tables for these investments are intended to 
permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts 
presented in the reconciliation of changes in the plan's benefit 
obligations and fair value of plan assets above. This has been 
restated from prior year.

74

(commingled,  multi-manager 

Hedge funds are investment structures for managing 
private,  loosely-regulated  investment  pools  that  can 
pursue a diverse array of investment strategies with a 
wide  range  of  different  securities  and  derivative 
instruments.  These  investments  are  made  through 
funds-of-funds 
fund 
structures) and through direct investments in individual 
hedge funds. Hedge funds are primarily valued by each 
fund’s 
the 
valuation of the underlying securities and instruments 
and primarily by applying a market or income valuation 
methodology as appropriate depending on the specific 
type of security or instrument held. Funds-of-funds are 
valued  based  upon  the  net  asset  values  of  the 
underlying investments in hedge funds.

third-party  administrator  based  upon 

Private equity consists of interests in partnerships that 
invest in U.S. and non-U.S. debt and equity securities. 
Partnership interests are valued using the most recent 
general partner statement of fair value, updated for any 
subsequent partnership interest cash flows.

Real estate includes commercial properties, land and 
timberland, and generally includes, but is not limited to, 
retail, office, industrial, multifamily and hotel properties. 
Real estate fund values are primarily reported by the 
fund manager and are based on valuation of the 
underlying investments which include inputs such as 
cost,  discounted  cash  flows,  independent  appraisals 
and market based comparable data.

Risk  Parity  Funds  are  defined  as  engineered  beta 
exposure  to  a  wide  range  of  asset  classes  and  risk 
premia,  including  equity,  interest  rates,  credit,  and 
commodities.  Risk  parity  funds  seek  to  provide  high 
risk-adjusted  returns  while  providing  a  high  level  of 
diversification  relative  to  a  traditional  equity/fixed 
income  portfolio. These  funds  seek  to  achieve  this 
objective with the use of modest leverage applied to 
lower-risk, more diverse asset classes. Investments in 
Risk parity funds are valued using monthly reported net 
asset values. Also included in these funds are related 
derivative instruments which are generally employed 
as asset class substitutes for managing asset/liability 
mismatches, or bona fide hedging or other appropriate 
risk management purposes. Derivative instruments are 
generally  valued  by  the  investment  managers  or  in 
certain instances by third-party pricing sources.

In accordance with accounting standards, the following 
investments are measured at NAV and are not classified 
in  the  fair  value  hierarchy.  Some  of  the  investments 
have  redemption  limitations,  restrictions,  and  notice 
requirements which are further explained below. 

Other Investments at December 31, 2016

Investment

Fair Value

Unfunded 
Commitments

Redemption 
Frequency

Remediation 
Notice Period

Hedge funds

Private equity
Real estate
Risk parity 
funds

Total

Investment

Hedge funds

Private equity
Real estate
Risk parity 
funds

Total

$

$

$

$

891 $
472
1,015

402

2,780 $

—
226
224

—

450

Daily to
annually
None
Quarterly

1 - 100 days
None
45 - 60 days

Monthly

5 - 15 days

Other Investments at December 31, 2015

Fair Value

Unfunded 
Commitments

Redemption 
Frequency

Remediation 
Notice Period

894 $
492
1,094

360

2,840 $

—
102
59

—

161

Daily to
annually
None
Quarterly

1 - 100 days
None
45 - 60 days

Monthly

5 - 15 days

Equity  securities  consist  primarily  of  publicly  traded 
U.S. companies and international companies. Publicly 
traded equities are valued at the closing prices reported 
in the active market in which the individual securities 
are traded. 

Fixed  income  consists  of  government  securities, 
mortgage-backed  securities,  corporate  bonds  and 
common collective funds. Government securities are 
valued by third-party pricing sources. Mortgage-backed 
security  holdings  consist  primarily  of  agency-rated 
holdings.  The  fair  value  estimates  for  mortgage 
securities are calculated by third-party pricing sources 
chosen  by  the  custodian’s  price  matrix.  Corporate 
bonds  are  valued  using  either  the  yields  currently 
available  on  comparable  securities  of  issuers  with 
similar credit ratings or using a discounted cash flows 
approach  that  utilizes  observable  inputs,  such  as 
current  yields  of  similar  instruments,  but  includes 
adjustments 
that  may  not  be 
observable, such as credit and liquidity risks. Common 
collective funds are valued at the net asset value per 
share multiplied by the number of shares held as of the 
measurement date.

for  certain  risks 

Commodities  consist  of  commodity-linked  notes  and 
commodity-linked derivatives. Commodities are valued 
at closing prices determined by calculation agents for 
outstanding transactions.

75

The following is a reconciliation of the assets that are classified using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) at 
December 31, 2016.

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)

In millions
Beginning balance at December 31, 2015
Actual return on plan assets:

Relating to assets still held at the reporting date
Relating to assets sold during the period

Purchases, sales and settlements
Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 
Ending balance at December 31, 2016

 
FUNDING AND CASH FLOWS

The Company’s funding policy for the Pension Plan is 
to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding 
requirements,  plus  any  additional  amounts  that  the 
Company may determine to be appropriate considering 
the funded status of the plans, tax deductibility, cash 
flow generated by the Company, and other factors. The 
Company  continually  reassesses  the  amount  and 
timing of any discretionary contributions.  Contributions 
to the qualified plan totaling $750 million, $750 million 
and $353 million were made by the Company in 2016, 
2015 and 2014, respectively. Generally, International 
Paper’s non-U.S. pension plans are funded using the 
projected benefit as a target, except in certain countries 
where funding of benefit plans is not required.

At December 31, 2016, projected future pension benefit 
payments, excluding any termination benefits, were as 
follows: 

In millions
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022 – 2026

OTHER U.S. PLANS

  
$

800
788
796
804
812
4,137

International Paper sponsors the International Paper 
Company Salaried Savings Plan and the International 
Paper Company Hourly Savings Plan, both of which are 
tax-qualified defined contribution 401(k) savings plans. 
Substantially  all  U.S.  salaried  and  certain  hourly 
employees  are  eligible  to  participate  and  may  make 
elective deferrals to such plans to save for retirement. 
International  Paper  makes  matching  contributions  to 
participant  accounts  on  a  specified  percentage  of 
employee deferrals as determined by the provisions of 
each plan. For eligible employees hired after June 30, 

76

Mortgage
backed
securities
$

— $

—
—
1
—
1 $

$

Other
fixed
income Derivatives

Total

10 $

1
—
—
—
11 $

(20) $

(10)

(66)
(24)
39
—
(71) $

(65)
(24)
40
—
(59)

the  Company  makes  Retirement  Savings 
2004, 
Account  contributions  equal  to  a  percentage  of  an 
eligible employee’s pay. 

The Company also sponsors the International Paper 
Company Deferred Compensation Savings Plan, which 
is an unfunded nonqualified defined contribution plan. 
This  plan  permits  eligible  employees  to  continue  to 
make  deferrals  and  receive  company  matching 
contributions  when 
the 
International Paper Salaried Savings Plan are stopped 
due  to  limitations  under  U.S.  tax  law.  Participant 
deferrals and company matching contributions are not 
invested in a separate trust, but are paid directly from 
International Paper’s general assets at the time benefits 
become due and payable.

their  contributions 

to 

Company matching contributions to the plans totaled 
approximately  $106  million,  $100  million  and  $112 
million for the plan years ending in 2016, 2015 and 2014, 
respectively.

NOTE 17 POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS

U.S. POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS

International Paper provides certain retiree health care 
and  life  insurance  benefits  covering  certain  U.S. 
salaried and hourly employees. These employees are 
generally  eligible  for  benefits  upon  retirement  and 
completion of a specified number of years of creditable 
service.  International  Paper  does  not  fund  these 
benefits prior to payment and has the right to modify or 
terminate certain of these plans in the future.

In  addition  to  the  U.S.  plan,  certain  Brazilian  and 
Moroccan employees are eligible for retiree health care 
and life insurance benefits.

The components of postretirement benefit expense in 
2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

approximately  $1  million  for  both  U.S.  and  non-U.S. 
plans.

The  plans  are  only  funded  in  an  amount  equal  to 
benefits paid. The following table presents the changes 
in benefit obligation and plan assets for 2016 and 2015: 

In millions

2016

2015

Change in projected benefit
obligation:

Benefit obligation, January 1
Service cost
Interest cost
Participants’ contributions
Actuarial (gain) loss
Plan amendments
Benefits paid

Less: Federal subsidy

Currency Impact
Benefit obligation,
December 31

Change in plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets,
January 1
Company contributions
Participants’ contributions
Benefits paid
Fair value of plan assets,
December 31

Funded status, December 31
Amounts recognized in the
consolidated balance sheet
under ASC 715:

Current liability
Non-current liability

 
Amounts recognized in
accumulated other
comprehensive income under
ASC 715 (pre-tax):

Net actuarial loss (gain)
Prior service credit

 

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

$ 275 $

1
11
5
31
—
(44)
1
—

45 $ 306 $
—
3
—
5
(35)
(1)
—
6

1
11
12
—
—
(57)
2
—

59
1
5
—
(1)
1
(1)
—
(19)

$ 280 $

23 $ 275 $

45

$ — $ — $ — $ —
1
—
(1)

45
12
(57)

39
5
(44)

1
—
(1)

$ — $ — $ — $ —
$ (280) $ (23) $ (275) $ (45)

$ (29) $

(2)
(43)
$ (280) $ (23) $ (275) $ (45)

(2) $ (29) $
(21)

(251)

(246)

$

$

21 $
(34)

68 $
(8)
60 $ (13) $

42 $
(12)
30 $

15
(2)
13

The non-current portion of the liability is included with 
the  postemployment  liability  in  the  accompanying 
consolidated balance sheet under Postretirement and 
postemployment benefit obligation.

In millions

2016

2015

2014

U.S.
Plans
$

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

1 $ — $
11
5

3
2

1 $
11
6

1 $
5
1

Non-
U.S.
Plans
1
6
1

1 $
14
5

(4)

(4)

(10)

(2)

(13)

(1)

$

13 $

1 $

8 $

5 $

7 $

7

Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial loss
Amortization of
prior service
credits
Net 
postretirement 
(benefit) 
expense

International Paper evaluates its actuarial assumptions 
annually as of December 31 (the measurement date) 
and  considers  changes  in  these  long-term  factors 
based upon market conditions and the requirements of 
employers’ accounting for postretirement benefits other 
than pensions. 

The discount rates used to determine net U.S. and non-
U.S. postretirement benefit cost for the years ended 
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

2016

2015

2014

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

Discount rate

4.20% 12.23% 3.90% 11.52% 4.50% 11.94%

The weighted average assumptions used to determine 
the benefit obligation at December 31, 2016 and 2015 
were as follows: 

2016

2015

Discount rate
Health care cost trend rate
assumed for next year
Rate that the cost trend rate
gradually declines to
Year that the rate reaches the
rate it is assumed to remain

Non-
U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans
4.00% 10.53% 4.20% 12.23%

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

6.50% 10.90% 7.00% 11.41%

5.00% 5.81% 5.00% 5.94%

2022

2027

2022

2026

A 1% increase in the assumed annual health care cost 
trend rate would have increased the U.S. and non-U.S. 
accumulated  postretirement  benefit  obligations  at 
December 31, 2016 by approximately $13 million and  
$5 million, respectively. A 1% decrease in the annual 
trend rate would have decreased the U.S. and non-U.S. 
accumulated  postretirement  benefit  obligation  at 
December 31, 2016 by approximately $11 million and 
$4 million, respectively. The effect on net postretirement 
benefit cost from a 1% increase or decrease would be 

77

The components of the $30 million and  ($26) million 
increase and decrease in the amounts recognized in 
OCI  during  2016  for  U.S.  and  non-U.S.  plans, 
respectively, consisted of: 

In millions
Current year actuarial loss
Amortization of actuarial (loss) gain
Current year prior service cost
Amortization of prior service credit
Currency impact
 

U.S.
Plans
$

Non-
U.S.
Plans
5
31 $
(2)
(5)
(34)
—
4
4
—
1
30 $ (26)

$

The portion of the change in the funded status that was 
recognized in either net periodic benefit cost or OCI for 
the U.S. plans was $42 million, $17 million and $33 
million  in  2016,  2015  and  2014,  respectively.    The 
portion of the change in funded status for the non-U.S. 
plans was  $(25) million, $0 million, and $14 million in 
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The estimated amounts of net loss and prior service 
credit  that  will  be  amortized  from  OCI  into  net  U.S. 
postretirement benefit cost in 2017 are expected to be 
$8 million and $(2) million, respectively.  The estimated 
amounts for non-U.S. plans in 2017 are expected to be 
$3 million and $(4) million, respectively.

At  December 31,  2016,  estimated 
future 
postretirement  benefit  payments,  net  of  participant 
contributions  and  estimated  future  Medicare  Part  D 
subsidy receipts, were as follows: 

total 

In millions

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022 – 2026

Benefit
Payments

Subsidy 
Receipts

Benefit
Payments

U.S.
Plans

U.S.
Plans

Non-
U.S.
Plans

$

31 $
29
27
26
24
99

2 $
1
1
1
1
6

2
2
1
1
—
3

NOTE 18 INCENTIVE PLANS

International  Paper  currently  has  an 
Incentive 
Compensation Plan (ICP) which, upon the approval by 
the Company’s shareholders in May 2009, replaced the 
Company’s Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 
(LTICP). The ICP authorizes grants of restricted stock, 
restricted or deferred stock units, performance awards 
payable  in  cash  or  stock  upon  the  attainment  of 
specified  performance  goals,  dividend  equivalents, 
stock  options,  stock  appreciation  rights,  other  stock-
based awards, and cash-based awards at the discretion 

of the Management Development and Compensation 
Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee) 
that administers the ICP.   Additionally, restricted stock, 
which may be deferred into RSU’s, may be awarded 
under a Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation 
Plan for Non-Employee Directors.

STOCK OPTION PROGRAM

The Company has discontinued the issuance of stock 
options for all eligible U.S. and non-U.S. employees. In 
the  United  States,  the  stock  option  program  was 
replaced  with  a  performance-based  restricted  share 
program  to  more  closely  tie  long-term  incentive 
compensation  to  Company  performance  on  two  key 
performance drivers: return on invested capital (ROIC) 
and  total  shareholder  return  (TSR).  All  outstanding 
options expired on March 15, 2015.

The  following  summarizes  the  status  of  the  Stock 
Option Program and the changes during the three years 
ending December 31, 2016: 

Outstanding at December 31, 
2013

Granted
Exercised
Expired

Outstanding at December 31, 
2014

Granted
Exercised
Expired

Outstanding at December 31, 
2015

Granted
Exercised
Expired

Outstanding at December 31, 
2016

Options

(a)

1,752,789
3,247
(1,634,858)
(49,286)

71,892
—
(62,477)
(9,415)

—
—
—
—

—

Weighted
Average
Exercise

Price

Weighted
Average
Remaining

Life

(years)

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

(thousands)

$39.80
49.13
39.80
41.50  

39.03
—
39.05
38.92  

—
—
—
—  

0.67

$16,175

1,046

—

0.18

0.00

 

 

 

$—

0.00

$—

(a)  The  table  includes  options  outstanding  under  an  acquired 
company plan under which options may no longer be granted.

PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN

Under the Performance Share Plan (PSP), contingent 
awards  of  International  Paper  common  stock  are 
granted by the Committee. The PSP awards are earned 
evenly  over  a  three-year  period.  PSP  awards  are 
earned  based  on 
the  achievement  of  defined 
performance rankings of ROIC and TSR compared to 
ROIC and TSR peer groups of companies. Awards are 
weighted  75%  for  ROIC  and  25%  for  TSR  for  all 
participants except for officers for whom the awards are 
weighted 50% for ROIC and 50% for TSR. The ROIC 
component of the PSP awards is valued at the closing 
stock price on the day prior to the grant date. As the 
ROIC  component  contains  a  performance  condition, 
compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is 

78

recorded over the requisite service period based on the 
most probable number of awards expected to vest. The 
TSR component of the PSP awards is valued using a 
Monte Carlo simulation as the TSR component contains 
a  market  condition.  The  Monte  Carlo  simulation 
estimates the fair value of the TSR component based 
on  the  expected  term  of  the  award,  a  risk-free  rate, 
expected dividends, and the expected volatility for the 
Company  and  its  competitors. The  expected  term  is 
estimated based on the vesting period of the awards, 
the risk-free rate is based on the yield on U.S. Treasury 
securities matching the vesting period, and the volatility 
is based on the Company’s historical volatility over the 
expected term.

PSP grants are made in performance-based restricted 
stock units. The 2012 PSP awards issued to certain 
members of senior management were accounted for as 
liability awards, which were remeasured at fair value at 
each balance sheet date. The valuation of these PSP 
liability  awards  was  computed  based  on  the  same 
methodology as the PSP equity awards. On December 
8,  2014,  IP  eliminated  the  election  for  executives  to 
withhold more than the minimum tax withholding for the 
2013 and 2014 grants making them equity awards. 

The following table sets forth the assumptions used to 
determine compensation cost for the market condition 
component of the PSP plan: 

  
Expected volatility
Risk-free interest rate

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 2016

22.36%-30.84%
0.67%-1.31%

The  following  summarizes  PSP  activity  for  the  three 
years ending December 31, 2016: 

Outstanding at December 31, 2013

Granted
Shares issued
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2014

Granted
Shares issued
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2015

Granted
Shares issued
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2016

Weighted
Average
Grant Date
Fair Value
$31.20
46.82
37.18
43.10
34.98
53.25
37.09
53.97
38.69
37.26
43.82
43.61
$35.89

Share/Units
8,117,489
3,682,663
(4,025,111)
(499,107)
7,275,934
1,863,623
(2,959,160)
(322,664)
5,857,733
2,617,982
(2,316,085)
(209,500)
5,950,130

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD PROGRAMS

The  service-based  Restricted  Stock Award  program 
(RSA), designed for recruitment, retention and special 

79

recognition purposes, provides for awards of restricted 
stock to key employees.

The  following  summarizes  the  activity  of  the  RSA 
program for the three years ending December 31, 2016: 

Outstanding at December 31, 2013

Granted
Shares issued
Forfeited
Outstanding at December 31, 2014
Granted
Shares issued
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2015

Granted
Shares issued
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2016

Weighted
Average
Grant Date
Fair Value
$36.24
48.19
33.78
45.88
47.03
50.06
45.35
50.04
48.24
42.81
47.14
39.36
$45.34

Shares
112,374
89,500
(83,275)
(4,000)
114,599
36,300
(27,365)
(3,166)
120,368
117,881
(59,418)
(9,500)
169,331

At December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 a total of 14.3 
million,  16.2  million  and  16.3  million  shares, 
respectively, were available for grant under the ICP.

Stock-based  compensation  expense  and  related 
income tax benefits were as follows:

In millions
Total stock-based compensation
expense (included in selling and
administrative expense)
Income tax benefits related to stock-
based compensation

2016

2015

2014

$

129 $

114 $

118

34

88

92

At  December 31,  2016,  $94  million  of  compensation 
cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested
restricted  performance  shares,  executive  continuity 
awards  and  restricted  stock  attributable  to  future 
performance had not yet been recognized. This amount 
will be recognized in expense over a weighted-average 
period of 1.6 years.

NOTE 19 FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY 
BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA

International  Paper’s  business  segments,  Industrial 
Packaging,  Global  Cellulose  Fibers,  Printing  Papers 
and  Consumer  Packaging,  are  consistent  with  the 
internal structure used to manage these businesses. 
See the Description of Industry Segments in Part II. Item 
7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations for a description 
of the types of products and services from which each 
reportable segment derives its revenues. Subsequent 
to the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser pulp business 
in December 2016, the Company began reporting the 
Global  Cellulose  Fibers  business  as  a  separate 

business segment due to the increased materiality of 
the results of this business. This segment includes the 
Company's  legacy  pulp  business  and  the  newly 
acquired pulp business. As such, amounts related to 
the legacy pulp business have been reclassified out of 
the Printing Papers business segment and into the new 
Global Cellulose Fibers business segment for all prior 
periods. All segments are differentiated on a common 
product, common customer basis consistent with the 
business  segmentation  generally  used  in  the  Forest 
Products industry. 

that 

Business  segment  operating  profits  are  used  by 
International  Paper’s  management  to  measure  the 
earnings performance of its businesses. Management 
believes 
this  measure  allows  a  better 
understanding of trends in costs, operating efficiencies, 
prices  and  volumes.  Business  segment  operating 
profits are defined as earnings (loss) from continuing 
operations before income taxes and equity earnings, 
but  including  the  impact  of  equity  earnings  and 
noncontrolling interests, excluding corporate items and 
corporate special items. Business segment operating 
profits  are  defined  by  the  Securities  and  Exchange 
Commission as a non-GAAP financial measure, and 
are not GAAP alternatives to net income or any other 
operating measure prescribed by accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States.

External  sales  by  major  product  is  determined  by 
aggregating sales from each segment based on similar 
products  or  services.  External  sales  are  defined  as 
those  that  are  made  to  parties  outside  International 
Paper’s consolidated group, whereas sales by segment 
in  the  Net  Sales  table  are  determined  using  a 
management  approach  and  include  intersegment 
sales.

Summarized  financial  information  for  Ilim  which  is 
accounted for under the equity method is presented in 
the following table. The audited U.S. GAAP financial 
statements for Ilim are included in Exhibit 99.1 to this 
Form 10-K.

Balance Sheet

In millions
Current assets
Noncurrent assets
Current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities
Noncontrolling interests

Income Statement

2016
$ 774
1,351
406
1,422
22

2015
$ 455
968
665
715
21

In millions
Net sales
Gross profit
Income from continuing operations
Net income attributable to Ilim

2016
$1,927
957
419
391

2015
$1,931
971
254
237

2014
$2,138
772
(387)
(360)

At  December  31,  2016  and  2015,  the  Company's 
investment in Ilim was $302 million and $172 million, 
respectively, which was $164 million and $161 million, 
respectively, more than the Company's proportionate 
share of the joint venture's underlying net assets. The 
differences primarily relate to purchase price fair value 
adjustments and currency translation adjustments. The 
Company is party to a joint marketing agreement with 
Ilim, under which the Company purchases, markets and 
sells  paper  produced  by  Ilim.  Purchases  under  this 
agreement were $170 million, $170 million and $200 
million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 
and 2014, respectively.

INFORMATION BY BUSINESS SEGMENT

The Company also holds a 50% interest in Ilim that is 
a separate reportable industry segment. The Company                                                                        
recorded equity earnings (losses), net of taxes, of $199 
million, $131 million  and $(194) million in 2016, 2015, 
and 2014, respectively, for Ilim. Equity earnings (losses) 
includes an after-tax foreign exchange gain (loss) of 
$25 million, $(75) million and $(269) million in 2016, 
2015  and  2014,  respectively,  primarily  on 
the 
remeasurement of U.S. dollar-denominated net debt.

$ 14,191
1,092
4,058
1,954

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Corporate and Intersegment
Sales
Net Sales

(216)
$ 21,079

Net Sales

2016

2015

$ 14,484
975
4,056
2,940

(90)
$ 22,365

2014

$ 14,944
1,046
4,674
3,403

(450)
$ 23,617

80

Operating Profit

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Operating Profit

$

2016

2015

2014

$

1,651
(180)
540
191
2,202

$

1,853
68
465
(25)
2,361

1,896
61
(77)
178
2,058

Earnings (loss) from 
continuing operations before 
income taxes and equity 
earnings
Interest expense, net
Noncontrolling interests /
equity earnings adjustment
(a)
Corporate items, net
Corporate special items, net
Non-operating pension
expense
Adjusted Operating Profit

956
520

1
69
46

1,266
555

8
36
238

872
601

2
51
320

610
2,202

258
2,361

$

212
2,058

$

$

Restructuring and Other Charges

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Corporate
Restructuring and Other
Charges

Assets

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Corporate and other (b)
Assets

Capital Spending

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Subtotal
Corporate and other (b)
Capital Spending

$

$

$

$

2016

2015

2014

7
—
—
9
38

54

$

— $
—
—
10
242

$

252

$

7
—
554
8
277

846

2016

$ 14,565
3,789
3,958
1,736
9,297
$ 33,345

2015

$ 14,483
983
3,713
2,115
9,237
$ 30,531

2016

2015

2014

816
174
215
124
1,329
19
1,348

$

$

858
129
232
216
1,435
52
1,487

$

$

754
75
243
233
1,305
61
1,366

81

Depreciation, Amortization and Cost of Timber 
Harvested (c)

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Corporate
Depreciation and
Amortization

$

2016

2015

2014

$

715
108
232
121
51

$

725
73
234
215
47

775
76
291
223
41

$

1,227

$

1,294

$

1,406

External Sales By Major Product 

In millions
Industrial Packaging
Global Cellulose Fibers
Printing Papers
Consumer Packaging
Other
Net Sales

2016

$ 14,095
934
4,028
1,934
88
$ 21,079

2015

$ 14,421
873
4,046
2,907
118
$ 22,365

2014

$ 14,837
947
4,413
3,307
113
$ 23,617

INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
Net Sales (d)

In millions
United States (e)
EMEA
Pacific Rim and Asia
Americas, other than U.S.
Net Sales

2016

$ 15,918
2,862
718
1,581
$ 21,079

2015

$ 16,554
2,770
1,501
1,540
$ 22,365

2014

$ 16,645
3,273
1,951
1,748
$ 23,617

Long-Lived Assets (f)

In millions
United States
EMEA
Pacific Rim and Asia
Americas, other than U.S.
Corporate
Long-Lived Assets

2016

$ 11,158
1,004
246
1,663
375
$ 14,446

2015

$

9,683
827
353
1,085
398
$ 12,346

(a)  Operating  profits 

for 

industry  segments 

include  each 
segment’s  percentage  share  of  the  profits  of  subsidiaries 
included in that segment that are less than wholly-owned. The 
pre-tax noncontrolling interests and equity earnings for these 
subsidiaries is added here to present consolidated earnings 
from continuing operations before income taxes and equity 
earnings.
Includes corporate assets and assets of businesses held for 
sale.

(c)  Excludes accelerated depreciation related to the closure and/

(b) 

or repurposing of mills.

the seller.

(d)  Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of 

(e)  Export sales to unaffiliated customers were $2.0 billion in 2016, 

$2.0 billion in 2015 and $2.3 billion in 2014.

(f)  Long-Lived  Assets 

includes  Forestlands  and  Plants, 

Properties and Equipment, net.  

NOTE 20 SUBSEQUENT EVENT

On  January  22,  2017,  International  Paper  Company 
experienced significant structural damage to the largest 
pulp  digester  as  well  as  the  power  house  at  its 
Pensacola pulp and paper mill in Cantonment, Florida. 
We estimate that repairing the damaged digester may 
take  approximately  three  months.  While  we  have 
property damage and business interruption insurance
for  these  types  of  events,  we  expect  the  costs 
associated  with  this  event  to  be  in  excess  of 
deductibles. The  timing  of  these  costs  and  potential 
insurance recoveries is unknown.

82

INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

In millions, except per share amounts
and stock prices
2016
Net sales
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations before income taxes and
equity earnings
Gain (loss) from discontinued
operations
Net earnings (loss) attributable to
International Paper Company
Basic earnings (loss) per share
attributable to International Paper
Company common shareholders:
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations
Gain (loss) from discontinued
operations
Net earnings (loss)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
attributable to International Paper
Company common shareholders:
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations
Gain (loss) from discontinued
operations
Net earnings (loss)
Dividends per share of common stock
Common stock prices

1st

Quarter

2nd

Quarter

3rd

Quarter

 

 

4th

Quarter

 

 

Year

$ 5,110   

$ 5,322   

$ 5,266   

$ 5,381   

$ 21,079

317 (a)

(5) (b)

(14) (a) 

373 (a) 

280 (a) 

—

—

—

956 (a)

(5) (b)

334 (a-c)

40 (a,c) 

312 (a,c) 

218 (a,c) 

904 (a-c)

$

0.82 (a)

$

0.10 (a) 

$

0.76 (a) 

$

0.53 (a) 

$

2.21 (a)

(0.01) (b)
0.81 (a-c)

—

—

—

0.10 (a,c) 

0.76 (a,c) 

0.53 (a,c) 

(0.01) (b)
2.20 (a-c)

0.82 (a)

0.10 (a)

0.75 (a)

0.53 (a)

2.19 (a)

(0.01) (b)
0.81 (a-c)

—

—

0.10 (a,c) 

0.75 (a,c) 

0.4400   

0.4400   

0.4400   

—

0.53 (a,c) 

0.4625   

(0.01) (b)
2.18 (a-c)

1.7825

High
Low

$ 42.09   
32.50   

$ 44.60   
39.24   

$ 49.90   
41.08   

$ 54.68   
43.55   

$ 54.68
32.50

2015
Net sales
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations before income taxes and
equity earnings
Gain (loss) from discontinued operations
Net earnings (loss) attributable to
International Paper Company
Basic earnings (loss) per share
attributable to International Paper
Company common shareholders:
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations
Gain (loss) from discontinued operations
Net earnings (loss)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
attributable to International Paper
Company common shareholders:
Earnings (loss) from continuing
operations
Gain (loss) from discontinued operations
Net earnings (loss)
Dividends per share of common stock
Common stock prices

$ 5,517   

$ 5,714   

$ 5,691   

$ 5,443   

$ 22,365

406
—

313

266 (d) 
—

329 (d) 
—

265 (d) 
—

1,266 (d) 

—

227 (d,e) 

220 (d,e) 

178 (d,e) 

938 (d,e) 

$

0.74
—
0.74

$

0.54 (d) 

$

0.53 (d) 

$

0.43 (d) 

$

2.25 (d) 

—

—

—

—

0.54 (d,e) 

0.53 (d,e) 

0.43 (d,e) 

2.25 (d,e) 

0.74
—
0.74

0.54 (d) 

0.53 (d) 

—

—

0.43 (d) 

—

0.54 (d,e) 

0.53 (d,e) 

0.43 (d,e) 

2.23 (d) 

—

2.23 (d,e) 

0.4000   

0.4000   

0.4000   

0.4400   

1.6400

High
Low

$ 57.90   
51.35   

$ 56.49   
47.39   

$ 49.49   
37.11   

$ 44.83   
36.76   

$ 57.90
36.76

83

Note:  Since  basic  and  diluted  earnings  per  share  are  computed 
independently  for  each  period  and  category,  full  year  per  share 
amounts may not equal the sum of the four quarters. In addition, the 
unaudited selected consolidated financial data are derived from our 
audited consolidated financial statements and have been revised to  
reflect discontinued operations.

Footnotes to Interim Financial Results

(a)  Includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):

In millions
Riegelwood mill conversion 
costs
India Packaging evaluation 
write-off
Early debt extinguishment 
costs

Write-off of certain 
regulatory pre-engineering 
costs

Costs associated with the 
newly acquired pulp 
business
Asia Box impairment / 
restructuring
Gain on sale of investment 
in Arizona Chemical 
Turkey mill closure
Amortization of 
Weyerhaeuser inventory 
fair value step-up

Total

2016

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

$

9

$ — $ — $ —

—

—

—

—

37

(8)
—

—

—

—

5

28

—
—

17

29

8

7

5

—
—

—

—

—

19

—

—
7

—
$ 38

—
$ 33

—
$ 66

19
$ 45

(b)    Includes a pre-tax charge of $8 million for a legal 

settlement associated with the xpedx business.

(c)   Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):

(d) Includes the following pre-tax charges (gains):

In millions
Riegelwood mill conversion 
costs, net of proceeds from 
sale of the Carolina Coated 
Bristols brand
Timber monetization 
restructuring
Early debt extinguishment 
costs
Refund and state tax 
credits
IP-Sun JV impairment
Legal reserve adjustment
Impairment of Orsa 
goodwill and trade name 
intangible
Other items

Total

2015

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

$ — $ (14) $

7

$ 15

—

—

— 207

17

—

—
—
—

(4)
—
— 186
—
—

(1)

—

—
(12)
15

—
—

—
1
$ — $ 190

— 137
1
4
$ 158
$ 211

(e)  Includes the following tax expenses (benefits):

Tax expense for cash 
pension
Tax benefit related to IP-
Sun JV
Other items
Tax impact of other special 
items
Total

2015

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

$ — $ 23

$ — $ —

—
—

—
5

(67)
—

—
2

—

(67)

(13)
$ — $ (39) $ (70) $ (11)

(3)

2016

Q2
Q1
$ — $ 23
—
—

(14)
(57)

Q4
Q3
$ — $ —
—
—

—
—

Cash pension contribution
U.S. Federal audit
Brazil goodwill
International legal entity 
restructuring
Luxembourg tax rate 
change
Tax impact of other special 
items

—

—

(3)

Total

$ (74) $

(6)

—

—

—

—

31

(10)
7

(24)

(14)
$ (24) $ 17

84

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS 
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND 
PROCEDURES

is 

“Exchange  Act”), 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that 
are designed to ensure that information required to be 
disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under 
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the 
recorded,  processed, 
summarized  and  reported  within  the  time  periods 
specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such 
information  is  accumulated  and  communicated  to 
management, including our principal executive officer 
and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow 
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of 
December 31,  2016,  an  evaluation  was  carried  out 
under the supervision and with the participation of the 
Company’s  management, 
including  our  principal 
executive officer and principal financial officer, of the 
effectiveness  of  our  disclosure  controls  and 
procedures,  as  defined  by  Rule  13a-15  under  the 
Exchange Act. Based upon this evaluation, our principal 
executive  officer  and  principal  financial  officer  have 
concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and 
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016.

MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER 
FINANCIAL REPORTING

Our management is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining adequate internal control over our financial 
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is the 
process designed by, or under the supervision of, our 
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, 
and effected by our Board of Directors, management 
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation  of 
for  external 
purposes  in  accordance  with  accounting  principles 
generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). Our 
internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that:
 

financial  statements 

• 

pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of our assets;

• 

provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions 
are  recorded  as  necessary  to  allow  for  the 
preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures 
are  being  made  only 
in  accordance  with 
authorizations of our management and directors;

85

• 

• 

assurance 

reasonable 

provide 
regarding 
prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorized 
acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that 
could have a material effect on our consolidated 
financial statements; and

provide reasonable assurance as to the detection 
of fraud.

All internal control systems have inherent limitations, 
including the possibility of circumvention and overriding 
of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable 
assurance of achieving the designed control objectives. 
The Company’s internal control system is supported by 
written  policies  and  procedures,  contains  self-
monitoring mechanisms, and is audited by the internal 
audit  function.  Appropriate  actions  are  taken  by 
management  to  correct  deficiencies  as  they  are 
identified.

As of December 31, 2016, management has assessed 
the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over 
financial reporting. In a report included on pages 39 and 
40,  management  concluded  that  the  Company’s 
internal control over financial reporting was effective as 
of December 31, 2016.

In  making  this  assessment,  we  used  the  criteria 
described in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework 
(2013)”  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

The  Company  completed  the  acquisition  of  Holmen 
Paper’s newsprint mill in Madrid, Spain as well as the 
associated recycling operations and a 50% ownership 
in a cogeneration facility in June 2016.  Due to the timing 
of  the  acquisition  we  have  excluded  the  Holmen 
operations from our evaluation of the effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting.  For the period 
ended December 31, 2016, sales and assets for the 
former Holmen operations represented approximately 
0.4% of net sales and 0.3% of total assets. 

The  Company  completed 
the  acquisition  of 
Weyerhaeuser’s pulp business in December 2016.  Due 
to the timing of the acquisition we have excluded the 
former  Weyerhaeuser  pulp  business 
from  our 
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over 
financial reporting.  For the period ended December 31, 
2016, sales and assets for the former Weyerhaeuser 
pulp business represented approximately 0.5% of net 
sales and 6.5% of total assets. 

Our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm, 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, with direct access to our Board 
of Directors through our Audit and Finance Committee, 
has  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements 
prepared by us.  Deloitte & Touche LLP has also issued 
an  attestation  report  on  our  internal  control  over 
financial  reporting.   Their  report  on  the  consolidated 

financial statements and attestation report are included 
in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report under the heading 
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

MANAGEMENT’S PROCESS TO ASSESS THE 
EFFECTIVENESS OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL 
REPORTING

To comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the 
followed  a 
Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  of  2002,  we 
comprehensive  compliance  process  across 
the 
enterprise to evaluate our internal control over financial 
reporting,  engaging  employees  at  all  levels  of  the 
organization. Our internal control environment includes 
an  enterprise-wide  attitude  of  integrity  and  control 
consciousness that establishes a positive “tone at the 
top.”  This  is  exemplified  by  our  ethics  program  that 
includes long-standing principles and policies on ethical 
business conduct that require employees to maintain 
the highest ethical and legal standards in the conduct 
of  our  business,  which  have  been  distributed  to  all 
employees; a toll-free telephone helpline whereby any 
employee may report suspected violations of law or our 
policy; and an office of ethics and business practice. 
The  internal  control  system  further  includes  careful 
selection and training of supervisory and management 
personnel,  appropriate  delegation  of  authority  and 
division of responsibility, dissemination of accounting 
and business policies throughout the Company, and an 
extensive program of internal audits with management 
follow-up. Our Board of Directors, assisted by the Audit 
and Finance Committee, monitors the integrity of our 
financial 
reporting 
procedures,  the  performance  of  our  internal  audit 
function and independent auditors, and other matters 
set forth in its charter. The Committee, which consists 
of 
regularly  with 
representatives  of  management,  and  with 
the 
independent auditors and the Internal Auditor, with and 
without management representatives in attendance, to 
review their activities.

independent  directors,  meets 

statements 

financial 

and 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL 
REPORTING

reporting  during 

There have been no changes in our internal control over 
financial 
the  quarter  ended 
December 31, 2016, that have materially affected, or 
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal 
control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

86

PART III.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information  concerning  our  directors 
is  hereby 
incorporated  by  reference  to  our  definitive  proxy 
statement  that  will  be  filed  with  the  Securities  and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days of the 
close  of  our  fiscal  year.  The  Audit  and  Finance 
Committee of the Board of Directors has at least one 
member who is a financial expert, as that term is defined 
in Item 401(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Further information 
concerning the composition of the Audit and Finance 
Committee and our audit committee financial experts 
is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  our  definitive 
proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC within 
120 days of the close of our fiscal year. Information with 
respect to our executive officers is set forth on pages 5 
and 6 in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption, 
“Executive Officers of the Registrant.”

Executive officers of International Paper are elected to 
hold office until the next annual meeting of the Board 
of  Directors 
the  annual  meeting  of 
shareholders  and,  until  the  election  of  successors, 
subject to removal by the Board.

following 

The  Company’s  Code  of  Business  Ethics  (Code)  is 
applicable to all employees of the Company, including 
the chief executive officer and senior financial officers, 
as  well  as  the  Board  of  Directors.  We  disclose  any 
amendments  to  our  Code  and  any  waivers  from  a 
provision of our Code granted to our directors, chief 
executive  officer  and  senior  financial  officers  on  our 
Internet Web site within four business days following 
such amendment or waiver. To date, no waivers of the 
Code have been granted.

We make available free of charge on our Internet Web 
site at www.internationalpaper.com, and in print to any 
shareholder  who  requests 
them,  our  Corporate 
Governance Principles, our Code of Business Ethics 
and the Charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, 
Management  Development  and  Compensation 
Committee, Governance Committee and Public Policy 
and Environment Committee. Requests for copies may 
be directed to the corporate secretary at our corporate 
headquarters.

Information with respect to compliance with Section 16
(a)  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Act  and  our 
corporate  governance  is  hereby  incorporated  by 
reference to our definitive proxy statement that will be 
filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our 
fiscal year.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information  with  respect  to  the  compensation  of 
executives  and  directors  of  the  Company  is  hereby 
incorporated  by  reference  to  our  definitive  proxy 
statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days 
of the close of our fiscal year.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

A  description  of  the  security  ownership  of  certain 
beneficial  owners  and  management  and  equity 
compensation plan information is hereby incorporated 
by reference to our definitive proxy statement that will 
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the close of our 
fiscal year.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND 
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENCE

A  description  of  certain  relationships  and  related 
transactions is hereby incorporated by reference to our 
definitive proxy statement that will be filed with the SEC 
within 120 days of the close of our fiscal year.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND 
SERVICES

Information with respect to fees paid to, and services 
rendered by, our principal accountant, and our policies 
and  procedures  for  pre-approving  those  services,  is 
hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy 
statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days 
of the close of our fiscal year.

PART IV.

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT 
SCHEDULES
 

(1)  Financial  Statements  –  See  Item 8.  Financial 

Statements and Supplementary Data.

the  consolidated 

(2)  Financial Statement Schedules – The following 
additional  financial  data  should  be  read  in 
conjunction  with 
financial 
statements in Item 8. Schedules not included with 
this additional financial data have been omitted 
because they are not applicable, or the required 
information is shown in the consolidated financial 
statements or the notes thereto.

87

Additional Financial Data

2016, 2015 and 2014 

Consolidated Schedule:
II-Valuation and
Qualifying Accounts.

90

(3.1) Restated  Certificate  of 
Paper 

Incorporation 
of International 
Company 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to 
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-
K dated May 13, 2013).

(3.2) By-laws of International Paper Company, as 

amended through February 9, 2016 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to 
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-
K dated February 8, 2016).

(4.1) Indenture,  dated  as  of  April 12,  1999, 
between International Paper and The Bank 
of  New  York, as  Trustee  (incorporated  by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 29, 
2000).

(4.2) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of Notes), dated as of June 4, 2008, between 
International Paper Company and The Bank 
of  New  York, as  Trustee  (incorporated  by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 4, 
2008).

(4.3) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of  Notes),  dated  as  of  May  11,  2009, 
between International Paper Company and 
The  Bank  of  New York Mellon,  as  trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-
K dated May 11, 2009).

(4.4) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of  Notes),  dated  as  of  August 10,  2009, 
between International Paper Company and 
The  Bank  of  New York Mellon,  as  trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-
K dated August 10, 2009).

(4.5) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of Notes), dated as of December 7, 2009, 
between International Paper Company and 
The  Bank  of  New  York  Mellon  Trust 
Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by 
reference  to  Exhibit 4.1  to  the  Company's 
Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated 
December 7, 2009).

(4.6) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of Notes), dated as of November 16, 2011, 
between the Company and The Bank of New 
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-
K dated November 16, 2011).

(4.7) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of  Notes),  dated  as  of  June  10,  2014, 
between the Company and The Bank of New 
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-
K dated June 10, 2014).

(4.8) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of  Notes),  dated  as  of  May  26,  2015, 
between the Company and The Bank of New 
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-
K dated May 26, 2015).

(4.9) Supplemental Indenture (including the form 
of  Notes),  dated  as  of  August  11,  2016, 
between the Company and The Bank of New 
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-
K dated August 11, 2016).

with 

(4.10) In 

accordance 

Item 601 
(b) (4) (iii) (A) of  Regulation  S-K,  certain 
instruments respecting long-term debt of the 
Company  have  been  omitted  but  will  be 
furnished to the Commission upon request.
(10.1) Amended  and  Restated  2009  Incentive 
Compensation Plan (ICP) (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's 
Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 
10, 2014). +

(10.2) 2016  Management 

Plan 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to 
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-
K dated February 8, 2016). +

Incentive 

(10.3) 2017 Management Incentive Plan. * +

(10.4) Amended  and  Restated  2009  Executive 
Management Incentive Plan, including 2015 
Exhibits thereto (incorporated by reference 
to  Exhibit  10.4  to  the  Company’s  Annual 
Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  fiscal  year 
ended December 31, 2014). +

(10.5) 2017 Exhibits to the Amended and Restated 
Incentive 

2009  Executive  Management 
Plan. * +

(10.6) Restricted 

and 

Deferred 
Stock 
Compensation  Plan 
for  Non-Employee 
Directors, Amended and Restated as of May 
10,  2010  (incorporated  by  reference  to 
Exhibit 10.1  to  the  Company’s  Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2010). +

(10.7) Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to 
the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2013). + 

88

(10.8) Form  of  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Award 
Agreement (cash settled). (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2013). +

(10.9) Form  of  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Award 
Agreement (stock settled). (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2013). +

(10.10) Form  of  Performance  Share  Plan  award 

certificate. * +

(10.11) Pension  Restoration  Plan 

for  Salaried 
Employees  (incorporated  by  reference  to 
Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company’s  Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2009). +

(10.12) Unfunded  Supplemental  Retirement  Plan 
for  Senior  Managers,  as  amended  and 
restated  effective  January  1,  2008 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 
the  Company’s  Annual  Report  on 
to 
Form 10-K 
fiscal  year  ended 
December 31, 2007). +

the 

for 

Unfunded 

(10.13) Amendment No. 1 to the International Paper 
Company 
Supplemental 
Retirement  Plan  for  Senior  Managers, 
effective October 13, 2008 (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 
17, 2008). +

Unfunded 

(10.14) Amendment No. 2 to the International Paper 
Company 
Supplemental 
Retirement  Plan  for  Senior  Managers, 
effective October 14, 2008 (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 
17, 2008). +

Unfunded 

(10.15) Amendment No. 3 to the International Paper 
Company 
Supplemental 
Retirement  Plan  for  Senior  Managers, 
effective  December 8,  2008  (incorporated 
by  reference 
the 
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). 
+

to  Exhibit  10.20 

to 

Unfunded 

(10.16) Amendment No. 4 to the International Paper 
Company 
Supplemental 
Retirement  Plan  for  Senior  Managers, 
effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s 
Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the 
quarter ended September 30, 2009). +

Unfunded 

(10.17) Amendment No. 5 to the International Paper 
Company 
Supplemental 
Retirement  Plan  for  Senior  Managers, 
effective October 31, 2009 (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2009). +

Unfunded 

(10.18) Amendment No. 6 to the International Paper 
Company 
Supplemental 
Retirement  Plan  for  Senior  Managers, 
effective January 1, 2012 (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2011). +

(10.19) Form  of  Non-Competition  Agreement, 
entered into by certain Company employees 
(including  named  executive  officers)  who 
have received restricted stock (incorporated 
by  reference 
the 
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008). 
+

to  Exhibit  10.22 

to 

(10.20) Form  of  Non-Solicitation  Agreement, 
entered into by certain Company employees 
(including  named  executive  officers)  who 
have received restricted stock (incorporated 
by 
the 
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
for the quarter ended March 31, 2006). +

to  Exhibit  10.5 

reference 

to 

(10.21) Form of Change-in-Control Agreement - Tier 
I,  for  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  all 
"grandfathered"  senior  vice  presidents 
elected prior to 2012 (all named executive 
officers) 
-  approved  September  2013  
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
the  Company’s  Quarterly  Report  on  Form 
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 
2013). +

(10.22) Form of Change-in-Control Agreement - Tier 
II, for all future senior vice presidents and all 
"grandfathered"  vice  presidents  elected 
prior 
-  approved 
September 2013 (incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2013). +

to  February  2008 

(10.23) Form  of  Indemnification  Agreement  for 
Directors  (incorporated  by  reference  to 
Exhibit  10.13  to  the  Company’s  Annual 
Report  on  Form 10-K  for  the  fiscal  year 
ended December 31, 2003). +

(10.24) Board  Policy  on  Severance  Agreements 
with  Senior  Executives  (incorporated  by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 
18, 2005). +

(10.25) Board  Policy  on  Change  of  Control 
Agreements (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit  10.2  to  the  Company’s  Current 
Report  on  Form 8-K  filed  on  October  18, 
2005). +

(10.26) Time Sharing Agreement, dated October 17, 
2014 (and effective November 1, 2014), by 
and  between  Mark  S.  Sutton  and 
International Paper Company (incorporated 
by 
the 
Company’s  Current  Report  on  Form 8-K 
dated October 14, 2014). +

to  Exhibit  99.1 

reference 

to 

(10.27) Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of 
August  5,  2014,  among  International 
Paper  Company,  JPMorgan  Chase 
Bank,  N.A., 
individually  and  as 
administrative agent, and certain lenders 
(incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit 
10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report 
on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended 
September 30, 2014).

(11) Statement of Computation of Per Share 

Earnings. *

(12) Computation  of  Ratio  of  Earnings  to 
Fixed  Charges  and  Preferred  Stock 
Dividends. *

(21) List of Subsidiaries of Registrant. *

(23.1) Consent  of 

Independent  Registered 

Public Accounting Firm. *

(23.2) Consent of Independent Auditors. *

(24) Power  of  Attorney  (contained  on  the 
signature page to the Company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
December 31, 2016). *

(31.1) Certification  by  Mark  S.  Sutton, 
Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer, 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002. *

(31.2) Certification by Carol L. Roberts, Chief 
Financial 
to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002. *

pursuant 

Officer, 

(32) Certification  pursuant 

to  18  U.S.C. 
Section  1350,  as  adopted  pursuant  to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002.*

(99.1) Audited  Financial  Statements  for  Ilim 
Holding  S.A.  and  its  subsidiaries  as  of 
and  for  the  year  ended  December  31, 
2016 and 2015. *

(101.INS) XBRL Instance Document *
(101.SCH) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema *
(101.CAL) XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

Linkbase *

(101.DEF) XBRL  Taxonomy  Extension  Definition 

Linkbase *

(101.LAB) XBRL  Taxonomy  Extension  Label 

Linkbase *

(101.PRE) XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase 

*

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
*  Filed herewith

89

SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
(In millions)
 

  

  
Description
Reserves Applied Against Specific
Assets Shown on Balance Sheet:
Doubtful accounts – current
Restructuring reserves

 

  
Description
Reserves Applied Against Specific
Assets Shown on Balance Sheet:
Doubtful accounts – current
Restructuring reserves

  
Description
Reserves Applied Against Specific
Assets Shown on Balance Sheet:
Doubtful accounts – current
Restructuring reserves

For the Year Ended December 31, 2016

Balance at
Beginning
of Period

Additions
Charged to
Earnings

Additions
Charged to

Other

Accounts

Deductions

from

Reserves

Balance at

End of
Period

$

70 $
10

9 $
3

—
—

(9)(a) $
(7)(b)

70
6

For the Year Ended December 31, 2015

Balance at
Beginning
of Period

Additions
Charged to
Earnings

Additions
Charged to

Other

Accounts

Deductions

from

Reserves

Balance at

End of
Period

$

82 $
16

11 $
5

—
—

(23)(a) $
(11)(b)

70
10

For the Year Ended December 31, 2014

Balance at
Beginning
of Period

Additions
Charged to
Earnings

Additions
Charged to

Other

Accounts

Deductions

from

Reserves

Balance at

End of
Period

$

109 $
51

11 $
41

—
—

(38)(a) $
(76)(b)

82
16

(a) 
(b) 

Includes write-offs, less recoveries, of accounts determined to be uncollectible and other adjustments.
Includes payments and deductions for reversals of previously established reserves that were no longer required.

90

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY

By:

/S/ SHARON R. RYAN

Sharon R. Ryan

Senior Vice President, General Counsel

and Corporate Secretary

February 22, 2017

POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints 
Sharon R. Ryan and Deon Vaughan as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, acting alone, with full 
power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, 
to sign any or all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and 
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-
in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done, 
hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully 
do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

91

Signature

Title

Date

/S/    MARK S. SUTTON      

Mark S. Sutton

Chairman of the Board & Chief
Executive Officer and Director

February 22, 2017

/S/    DAVID J. BRONCZEK         Director

David J. Bronczek

/S/    WILLIAM J. BURNS         Director

Willliam J. Burns

/S/    AHMET C. DORDUNCU       Director

Ahmet C. Dorduncu

/S/    ILENE S. GORDON      

Director

Ilene S. Gordon

/S/    JAY L. JOHNSON       

Director

Jay L. Johnson

/S/    STACEY J. MOBLEY         Director

Stacey J. Mobley

/S/    JOHN L. TOWNSEND III       Director

John L. Townsend III

/S/    WILLIAM G. WALTER        Director

William G. Walter

/S/    J. STEVEN WHISLER         Director

J. Steven Whisler

/S/    RAY G. YOUNG      

Director

Ray G. Young

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

February 22, 2017

/S/    CAROL L. ROBERTS         Senior Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

February 22, 2017

Carol L. Roberts

/S/    VINCENT P. BONNOT        Vice President – Finance and Controller

February 22, 2017

Vincent P. Bonnot

92

2016 LISTING OF FACILITIES
(all facilities are owned except noted otherwise)

PRINTING PAPERS

U.S.:

Selma, Alabama (Riverdale Mill)
Ticonderoga, New York
Eastover, South Carolina
Georgetown, South Carolina
Sumter, South Carolina

International:

Luiz Antônio, São Paulo, Brazil
Mogi Guacu, São Paulo, Brazil
Três Lagoas, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil
Saillat, France
Kadiam, India
Rajahmundry, India
Kwidzyn, Poland
Svetogorsk, Russia

GLOBAL CELLULOSE FIBERS

U.S.:

Cantonment, Florida (Pensacola Mill)
Augusta, Georgia
Flint River, Georgia
Port Wentworth, Georgia
Columbus, Mississippi
New Bern, North Carolina
Riegelwood, North Carolina
Eastover, South Carolina
Georgetown, South Carolina
Franklin, Virginia

International:

Grand Prairie, Alberta, Canada
Saillat, France
Gdansk, Poland
Kwidzyn, Poland
Svetogorsk, Russia

INDUSTRIAL PACKAGING

Containerboard

U.S.:

Pine Hill, Alabama
Prattville, Alabama
Cantonment, Florida (Pensacola Mill)
Rome, Georgia
Savannah, Georgia
Cayuga, Indiana

Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Henderson, Kentucky
Maysville, Kentucky
Bogalusa, Louisiana
Campti, Louisiana
Mansfield, Louisiana
Vicksburg, Mississippi
Valliant, Oklahoma
Springfield, Oregon
Orange, Texas

International:

Franco da Rocha, São Paulo, Brazil
Nova Campina, São Paulo, Brazil
Paulinia, São Paulo, Brazil
Veracruz, Mexico
Kenitra, Morocco

Madrid, Spain
Edirne, Turkey (2)

Corrugated Container

U.S.:

Bay Minette, Alabama
Decatur, Alabama
Dothan, Alabama  leased
Huntsville, Alabama
Conway, Arkansas
Fort Smith, Arkansas (2 locations)
Russellville, Arkansas (2 locations)
Tolleson, Arizona
Yuma, Arizona
Anaheim, California
Buena Park, California leased
Camarillo, California
Carson, California
Cerritos, California leased
Compton, California
Elk Grove, California
Exeter, California
Gilroy, California (2 locations)
Los Angeles, California
Modesto, California
Ontario, California
Salinas, California
Sanger, California
San Leandro, California  leased
Santa Fe Springs, California (2
locations)
Stockton, California

A-1

APPENDIX I

Tracy, California
Golden, Colorado
Wheat Ridge, Colorado
Putnam, Connecticut
Orlando, Florida
Plant City, Florida
Tampa, Florida leased
Columbus, Georgia
Forest Park, Georgia
Griffin, Georgia
Kennesaw, Georgia leased
Lithonia, Georgia
Savannah, Georgia
Stone Mountain, Georgia leased
Tucker, Georgia
Aurora, Illinois (3 locations)
Bedford Park, Illinois (2 locations)        
1 leased
Belleville, Illinois
Carroll Stream, Illinois
Des Plaines, Illinois
Lincoln, Illinois
Montgomery, Illinois
Northlake, Illinois
Rockford, Illinois
Butler, Indiana
Crawfordsville, Indiana
Fort Wayne, Indiana
Hammond, Indiana
Indianapolis, Indiana (2 locations)
Saint Anthony, Indiana
Tipton, Indiana
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Waterloo, Iowa
Garden City, Kansas
Kansas City, Kansas
Bowling Green, Kentucky
Lexington, Kentucky
Louisville, Kentucky
Walton, Kentucky
Bogalusa, Louisiana
Lafayette, Louisiana
Shreveport, Louisiana
Springhill, Louisiana
Auburn, Maine
Three Rivers, Michigan
Arden Hills, Minnesota
Austin, Minnesota
Fridley, Minnesota

  Minneapolis, Minnesota  leased
  Shakopee, Minnesota
  White Bear Lake, Minnesota
  Houston, Mississippi
  Jackson, Mississippi
  Magnolia, Mississippi  leased
  Olive Branch, Mississippi
  Fenton, Missouri
  Kansas City, Missouri
  Maryland Heights, Missouri
  North Kansas City, Missouri  leased
  St. Joseph, Missouri
  St. Louis, Missouri
  Omaha, Nebraska
  Barrington, New Jersey
  Bellmawr, New Jersey
  Milltown, New Jersey
  Spotswood, New Jersey
  Thorofare, New Jersey
  Binghamton, New York

Buffalo, New York

        Rochester, New York
        Scotia, New York
        Utica, New York
      Charlotte, North Carolina (2 locations)          

1 leased

        Lumberton, North Carolina
        Manson, North Carolina
        Newton, North Carolina
        Statesville, North Carolina
        Byesville, Ohio
        Delaware, Ohio
        Eaton, Ohio
        Madison, Ohio
        Marion, Ohio
        Marysville, Ohio leased
        Middletown, Ohio
        Mt. Vernon, Ohio
        Newark, Ohio
        Streetsboro, Ohio
        Wooster, Ohio
        Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
        Beaverton, Oregon (3 locations)
        Hillsboro, Oregon
        Portland, Oregon
        Salem, Oregon leased
        Biglerville, Pennsylvania (2 locations)
        Eighty-four, Pennsylvania

        Hazleton, Pennsylvania
        Kennett Square, Pennsylvania
        Lancaster, Pennsylvania
        Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania
        Georgetown, South Carolina
        Laurens, South Carolina
        Lexington, South Carolina
        Ashland City, Tennessee leased
        Cleveland, Tennessee
        Elizabethton, Tennessee leased
        Morristown, Tennessee
        Murfreesboro, Tennessee
        Amarillo, Texas
        Carrollton, Texas (2 locations)
        Edinburg, Texas
        El Paso, Texas
        Ft. Worth, Texas leased
        Grand Prairie, Texas
        Hidalgo, Texas
        McAllen, Texas
        San Antonio, Texas (2 locations)
        Sealy, Texas
        Waxahachie, Texas
Lynchburg, Virginia
Petersburg, Virginia

Richmond, Virginia
Moses Lake, Washington
Olympia, Washington
Yakima, Washington
Fond du Lac, Wisconsin
Manitowoc, Wisconsin

International:

Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil
Paulinia, São Paulo, Brazil
Rio Verde, Goias, Brazil
Suzano, São Paulo, Brazil
Las Palmas, Canary Islands
Tenerife, Canary Islands
Rancagua, Chile
Baoding, China (1)
Beijing, China  (1)
Chengdu, China (1)
Dalian, China (1)
Dongguan, China (1)
Guangzhou, China (2 locations) (1)
Hohhot, China (1)

A-2

Nanjing China (1)
Shanghai, China (2 locations) (1)
Shenyang, China (1)
Suzhou, China (1)
Tianjin, China (2 locations) (1)
Wuhan, China (1)
Arles, France
Chalon-sur-Saone, France
Creil, France
LePuy, France (Espaly Box Plant)
Mortagne, France
Guadeloupe, French West Indies
Batam, Indonesia (1)
Bellusco, Italy
Catania, Italy
Pomezia, Italy
San Felice, Italy
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (1)
Juhor, Malaysia (1)
Apodaco (Monterrey), Mexico leased
Ixtaczoquitlan, Mexico
Juarez, Mexico leased
Los Mochis, Mexico
Puebla, Mexico leased
Reynosa, Mexico

San Jose Iturbide, Mexico
Santa Catarina, Mexico
Silao, Mexico
Villa Nicolas Romero, Mexico
Zapopan, Mexico
Agadir, Morocco
Casablanca, Morocco
Kenitra, Morocco
Singapore, Singapore (1)
Almeria, Spain
Barcelona, Spain
Bilbao, Spain
Gandia, Spain
Madrid, Spain
Bangkok, Thailand (1)
Adana, Turkey
Bursa, Turkey
Corlu, Turkey
Corum, Turkey
Gebze, Turkey
Izmir, Turkey

Recycling

U.S.:

Phoenix, Arizona
Fremont, California
Norwalk, California
West Sacramento, California
Itasca, Illinois
Des Moines, Iowa
Wichita, Kansas
Roseville, Minnesota
Omaha, Nebraska
Charlotte, North Carolina
Beaverton, Oregon
Eugene, Oregon leased
Carrollton, Texas
Salt Lake City, Utah
Richmond, Virginia
Kent, Washington

International:

Monterrey, Mexico leased
Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico leased

Bags
U.S.:

Buena Park, California
Beaverton, Oregon
Grand Prairie, Texas

CONSUMER PACKAGING

Coated Paperboard

Augusta, Georgia
Prosperity, South Carolina
Texarkana, Texas

(1) Closed June 2016
(2) Closed January 2017

International:

Kwidzyn, Poland
Svetogorsk, Russia

Foodservice

U.S.:

Visalia, California
Shelbyville, Illinois
Kenton, Ohio

International:

Shanghai, China
Tianjin, China
Bogota, Colombia
Cheshire, England  leased

DISTRIBUTION

IP Asia

International:

China (8 locations)
Malaysia
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam

Forest Resources

International:

Approximately 329,400 acres in Brazil

A-3

2016 CAPACITY INFORMATION
CONTINUING OPERATIONS

(in thousands of short tons except as noted)
Industrial Packaging
Containerboard (a)
Global Cellulose Fibers
Dried Pulp (in thousands of metric tons)
Printing Papers
Uncoated Freesheet
Bristols

Uncoated Papers and Bristols

Newsprint

Total Printing Papers

Consumer Packaging
Coated Paperboard

APPENDIX II

U.S.

EMEA

Americas,
than U.S.

other

India

Total

13,305

2,912

1,808
165
1,973
—
1,973

1,206

44

297

1,153
—
1,153
285
1,438

366

535

1,135
—
1,135
—
1,135

—

—

266
—
266
—
266

13,715

3,744

4,362
165
4,527
285
4,812

395

—

—

1,601

(a) In addition to Containerboard, this also includes saturated kraft, kraft bag, and gypsum.

Forest Resources
We own, manage or have an interest in 
approximately 1.4 million acres of forestlands 
worldwide. These forestlands and associated acres 
are located in the following regions:
Brazil
We have harvesting rights in:
Russia
Poland
Total

(M Acres)
329

1,047
—
1,376

A-4

INTERNATIONAL PAPER LEADERSHIP
As of March 31, 2017

Mark S. Sutton 
Chairman of the Board 
and Chief Executive Officer

W. Michael Amick, Jr.
Senior Vice President
Paper The Americas

C. Cato Ealy
Senior Vice President
Corporate Development

William P. Hoel
(Retired March 31, 2017)
Senior Vice President 
Container The Americas

Tommy S. Joseph 
Senior Vice President 
Manufacturing, Technology, 
EHS and Global Sourcing

Thomas G. Kadien
(Retiring June 30, 2017)
Senior Vice President
Human Resources,  
Government Relations and 
Global Citizenship

Glenn R. Landau 
Senior Vice President 
Chief Financial Officer

Timothy S. Nicholls 
Senior Vice President 
Industrial Packaging  
The Americas

Thomas J. Plath
(Effective March 1, 2017)
Senior Vice President 
Human Resources and 
Global Citizenship

Jean-Michel Ribieras 
Senior Vice President 
Global Cellulose Fibers

Carol L. Roberts
(Retired March 31, 2017)
Senior Vice President
Chief Financial Officer

Sharon R. Ryan 
Senior Vice President 
General Counsel and 
Corporate Secretary

John V. Sims
Senior Vice President 
and President
International Paper
Europe, Middle East,
Africa, and Russia

Catherine I. Slater
Senior Vice President
Consumer Packaging

Gregory T. Wanta
Senior Vice President
North American Container

Russell D. Anawalt
Vice President
Sales and Marketing
Global Cellulose Fibers

David W. Apollonio
Vice President 
South Region
North American Container

Santiago Arbelaez 
Vice President 
Industrial Packaging
International Paper Brazil

Mark M. Azzarello
Vice President
Global Compensation 
and Benefits

Hans M. Bjorkman
Vice President 
European Papers

September G. Blain 
Vice President Finance 
and Strategic Planning 
Industrial Packaging

Paul J. Blanchard 
Vice President 
Supply Chain 
Industrial Packaging

Vincent P. Bonnot
Vice President 
Finance and Controller 

Eric Chartrain
Vice President
Europe, Middle East,
Africa Packaging

Thomas A. Cleves 
Vice President
Global Citizenship

Kirt Cuevas
Vice President
Environment, 
Health and Safety

Rodrigo Davoli
Vice President and 
President International Paper  
Latin America Printing Papers

Donald P. Devlin 
(Effective April 30, 2017)
Vice President and President
International Paper India

Clay R. Ellis 
Vice President Manufacturing
Global Cellulose Fibers

Jonathan E. Ernst
Vice President
Foodservice

Roman B. Gallo 
Vice President
Manufacturing
Containerboard

Gary M. Gavin
Vice President 
West Region
North American Container

Greg C. Gibson
Vice President
N.A. Papers and 
Converting Papers

John F. Grover 
Vice President 
Enterprise Converting 
Optimization
North American Container

William T. Hamic 
Vice President 
Containerboard and Recycling

Errol A. Harris 
Vice President and Treasurer
Global Treasury

Russell V. Harris
Vice President 
Manufacturing
North American Paper

Peter G. Heist 
Vice President 
North Region
North American Container

Cecilia Ho
Vice President and President
International Paper Asia

Robert M. Hunkeler
Vice President
Trust and Investments

Chris J. Keuleman
Vice President
Global Government Relations

David A. Liebetreu 
Vice President
Global Sourcing and 
Fiber Supply

Allison B. Magness 
Vice President
Manufacturing 
Containerboard

Rildo Martini
Vice President 
Manufacturing
Europe, Middle
East, Africa and Russia

Brian N.G. McDonald
Vice President 
Strategic Planning

Kevin G. McWilliams
Vice President 
Tax

Brett A. Mosley 
Vice President 
Manufacturing
Containerboard

A-6

Chris R. Read 
Vice President
Global Technology

Jay P. Royalty
Vice President 
Investor Relations

Bathsheba T. Sams
Vice President 
Human Resources
Global Cellulose Fibers

Rampraveen Swaminathan
(Until April 30, 2017)
Vice President and
President International
Paper India

Fred A. Towler
Vice President
Supply Chain Operations
N.A. Paper, Pulp and  
Coated Paperboard

Keith R. Townsend 
Vice President
and President 
International Paper 
Russia

Marc Van Lieshout
Vice President 
Corporate Audit

Deon Vaughan
Vice President and Deputy 
General Counsel

Shiela P. Vinczeller 
Vice President
Talent Management and Mobility 
Human Resources

Kent L. Walker
Vice President 
Product Development, 
Innovation and Customer 
Technical Services
Global Cellulose Fibers

Robert W. Wenker
Vice President and Chief 
Information Officer
Information Technology

Patrick Wilczynski 
Vice President 
Coated Paperboard

Ron P. Wise
Vice President 
Commercial and National 
Accounts
North American Container

ILIM GROUP 
SENIOR LEADERSHIP

Ksenia Sosnina  
Chief Executive Officer

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As of March 31, 2017

Mark S. Sutton
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
International Paper Company

David J. Bronczek
President and Chief 
Operating Officer
FedEx Corporation 

William J. Burns
President, The Carnegie 
Endowment for International Peace

Ahmet C. Dorduncu 
Chief Executive Officer 
Akkök Group

Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Ingredion Incorporated

Jay L. Johnson
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
General Dynamics Corporation

Stacey J. Mobley
Retired Senior Vice President,
Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel 
DuPont

Kathyrn D. Sullivan
Charles A. Lindbergh Fellow of Aerospace History  
Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum

John L. Townsend, III
Retired Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer 
Tiger Management, LLC

William G. Walter
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
FMC Corporation

J. Steven Whisler
Presiding Director
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Phelps Dodge Corporation

Ray G. Young
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Archer Daniels Midland Company

Printed on Accent® Opaque 100lb. Cover, 100lb. Text White Smooth and 
Williamsburg Opaque Offset 50lb. White Smooth.

Senior Lead Team and Board of Directors Photographs  
Toby Richards

©2017 International Paper Company. All rights reserved. Accent, 
Registered trademark of International Paper Company.

A-7

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
International Paper Company  
6400 Poplar Avenue Memphis, TN 38197 
(901) 419-9000

ANNUAL MEETING
The next annual meeting of shareholders will be held at 
International Paper’s global headquarters in Memphis, TN, 
at 11:00 a.m. CDT on Monday, May 8, 2017.

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
Computershare, our transfer agent, maintains the records of 
our registered shareholders and can help you with a variety of 
shareholder related services at no charge including: 

Change of name or address 
Consolidation of accounts  
Duplicate mailings 
Dividend reinvestment enrollment  
Lost stock certificates 
Transfer of stock to another person 
Additional administrative services

Telephone: 
(800) 678-8715 (U.S.)
(201) 680-6578 (International)

MAILING ADDRESSES
Shareholder correspondence should be mailed to:

Computershare 
P.O. BOX 30170 
College Station, TX 77842-3170

Overnight correspondence should be sent to: 
Computershare 211 Quality Circle, Suite 210  
College Station, TX 77845

SHAREHOLDER WEBSITE
www.computershare.com/investor 

Shareholder online inquiries 
https://www-us.computershare.com/investor/Contact

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS
Common shares (symbol: IP) are listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange.

DIRECT PURCHASE PLAN
Under our plan, you may invest all or a portion of your dividends, 
and you may purchase up to $20,000 of additional shares each 
year. International Paper pays most of the brokerage commissions 
and fees. You may also deposit your certificates with the transfer 
agent for safe- keeping. For a copy of the plan prospectus, call or 
write to Computershare.

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
100 Peabody Place, Ste. 800 
Memphis, TN 38103

REPORTS AND PUBLICATIONS
This Annual Performance Summary is being delivered to 
our shareholders to comply with the annual report delivery 
requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and Rule 14a-3 
under the Securities Exchange Act. All information required by 
those applicable rules is contained in this Annual Performance 
Summary, including certain information contained in the Form 
10-K included herein, which has previously been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of this Annual 
Performance Summary (including the 10-K), SEC filings and 
other publications may be obtained free of charge by visiting 
our Web site, http://www.internationalpaper.com, by calling 
(800)332-8146, or by writing to our investor relations department
at the corporate headquarters address listed above.

INVESTOR RELATIONS
Investors desiring further information about International Paper 
should contact the investor relations department at corporate 
headquarters, (901) 419-9000.

International Paper
Board of Directors

As of March 31, 2017

B O A R D   O F
D I R E C T O R S
(Seated left to right)

J. Steven Whisler
Presiding Director
Retired Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer
Phelps Dodge Corporation

Mark S. Sutton
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer
International Paper Company

Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
Ingredion Incorporated

(Standing left to right)

William G. Walter
Retired Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer
FMC Corporation

Ahmet C. Dorduncu
Chief Executive Officer
Akkök Group

William J. Burns
President
The Carnegie Endowment 
for International Peace

Jay L. Johnson
Retired Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer
General Dynamics Corporation

Ray G. Young
Executive Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer
Archer Daniels Midland Company

Joan E. Spero
(Retired December 31, 2016)
Adjunct Senior Research Scholar
Columbia University’s School of 
International and Public Affairs

David J. Bronczek
President and
Chief Operating Officer
FedEx Corporation

Stacey J. Mobley
Retired Senior Vice 
President,
Chief Administrative Officer 
and General Counsel
DuPont

John L. Townsend, III
Retired Managing Partner 
and Chief Operating Officer
Tiger Management, LLC

Kathryn D. Sullivan
(Effective March 1, 2017 
not pictured)
Charles A. Lindbergh Fellow 
of Aerospace History
Smithsonian National 
Air and Space Museum

G L O B A L  
H E A D Q U A R T E R S

International Paper 
Company
6400 Poplar Avenue 
Memphis, TN 38197, U.S.A.

R E G I O N A L  
H E A D Q U A R T E R S

International Paper Europe 
Middle East and Africa (EMEA) 
Chaussée de la Hulpe 166
1170 Brussels, Belgium

International Paper Brazil
Avenida Engenheiro Luís 
Carlos Berrini,
105 - 16 andar - São Paulo -
SP - Brazil

International Paper Asia
17-18F, West Building 
Greenland Center
600 Middle Longhua Road 
Shanghai, China 200032

International Paper India
Krishe Sapphire Building, 
8th Floor Hitech City 
Main Road, Madhapur 
Hyderabad 500 081, India

International Paper Russia
Kropotkina Street 1, Litera I 
Saint Petersburg, 197101, Russia

©2017 International Paper Company. All rights reserved. Accent, Chamex, Hammermill, 
PRO-DESIGN and Rey are registered trademarks of International Paper Company or its 
affiliates. Pol is a trademark of International Paper Company or its affiliates.

Forest Stewardship Council, FSC and the FSC logo are trademarks of Forest 
Stewardship Council. PEFC and the PEFC logo are registered trademarks of the PEFC 
Council. SFl marks are registered marks owned by Sustainable Forestry Initiative Inc.

“World’s Most Ethical Companies” and “Ethisphere” names and marks are registered
trademarks of Ethisphere LLC. From FORTUNE Magazine, March 1, 2017 ©2017 Time 
Inc. Used under license. FORTUNE andThe World’s Most Admired Companies are 
registered trademarks ofTime Inc. and are used under license. FORTUNE andTime Inc. 
are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, International Paper 
Company.

Annual Performance Summary printed on Accent® Opaque Cover Smooth 100lb. 
andText Smooth 100lb. 10K printed on Williamsburg Offset Opaque Smooth 50lb.

