Land O’Lakes, Inc. is a farmer-owned cooperative working 
across crop inputs and insights, animal nutrition, dairy foods and 
sustainability. This unique view allows us to work together with our 
member farmers and retailers to unlock the greatest potential of 
food production, so farmers and agricultural communities around the 
world can help build a sustainable future for generations to come. 

This strategy has never been more critical. Despite today’s 

difficult operating environment, Land O’Lakes continues to achieve 
record performance that enables us to deliver strong returns to our 
members and reinvest in the products, services and capabailities that 
support and drive shared success for our network of farmers and 
independent retailers.

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  1       

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,
2017 was a challenging year for all of 

agriculture and for our members—a 
year that required Land O’Lakes, Inc. 

to perform at its best in order to be able to do everything we 
could to support our membership in this challenging time. 
This desire to help our membership required all of us at Land 
O’Lakes to more aggressively leverage our “value-added” 
approach to doing business, an approach that allows us to 
capture value from the marketplace and pass that value 
along to our members. We recognize when we do so, we 
deliver market access, earnings, products and, increasingly, 
services to our membership. This model of driving business 
success to pass along to our membership has been founda-
tional to Land O’Lakes, Inc. and our member-owners from our 
inception in 1921.  

earnings of $230 million. The business is poised to lead all 
aspects of precision agriculture and ag technology into its 
bright future.

Dairy Foods once again captured share and delivered 
sales of $3.9 billion and pretax earnings of $71 million. In 
addition, we invested in Vermont Creamery, which will 
provide a platform for future branded growth. The business 
was able to offset negative market conditions and deliver a 
patronage of 34 cents per hundredweight.

In Feed, we delivered another successive record perfor-

mance. The business saw sales of $3.7 billion and pretax 
earnings of $92 million. The business saw strength in the 
business-to-business platform with Nutra Blend and milk 
replacer, and strengthened key customer relationships.

Our Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN business, which we created 

Our strategy is based on a deep understanding what our 
consumers, customers and farmers need to be successful, 
and then developing innovative, value-added products and 
services to meet those needs. Being a cooperative literally 
means working together for the common good and for 
shared success. Every decision we make to be successful 

to both put the grower at the center of the sustainability 
discussion and to help evolve their own practices, is also 
gaining ground and new customers as it expands its foot-
print. We’ve seen valuable support from government and 
various associations.

On the International business front, the word was invest-

as a company today is 
both true to our roots 
and is done for the bene-
fit of our members.

ment. We saw growth in our Villa Crop Protection business in 
South Africa and an even better-than-expected expansion in 
our Bidco feed business in Kenya. In addition, we expanded 
our footprint in China, Mexico and Canada.

Taken together, in 2017, 

Nearly 100 years ago, Land O’Lakes, Inc. was estab-

Land O’Lakes deliv-
ered $365 million in net 
earnings through its four 
businesses.  

At WinField United, we 
completed the WinField 
and United Suppliers 
merger, grew share 
and delivered sales of 
$5.7 billion and pretax 

lished by a group of dairy farmers to aggregate supply, gain 
bargaining power and get their “value-added” product where 
it needed to go. It evolved to use the aggregated demand of 
those owners to buy goods and services together, access-
ing better products and services faster and cheaper than 
they could on their own. Nearly a century later, we have not 
forgotten our roots or changed our practice of using our 
collective strength to our members’ benefit.

Thank you for your business and your support this year, 

and the many years leading up to it.

Sincerely,

Chris Policinski
President 
Chief Executive Officer

Pete Kappelman 
Chairman of the Board 

 

 

 

  2       2017  ANNUAL REPORT
  2       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

NET SALES

$14  BILLION
17%RETURN 

ON EQUITY

TO MEMBERS

MILLION

$149 CASH RETURNED  
$151 SECTION 199 

MILLION

DEDUCTION 
PASS THROUGH

PRETAX EARNINGS

$92 

MILLION

PRETAX EARNINGS

$230 

MILLION

1,959 

DAIRY PRODUCERS

PRETAX EARNINGS

MILLION

DAIRY FOODS

$71 
$365 MILLION
367 
751

NET 
EARNINGS

ANIMAL NUTRITION

CROP INPUTS  
& INSIGHTS 

886 

AG PRODUCERS

MEMBER CO-OPS

INDEPENDENT  RETAILERS

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  3       

W
E

I

V
E
_
2017
_ R

BUSINESS

In recent years, the food and agriculture 

challenges ranging from oversupply 

industries have faced a number of 

situations and prolonged market volatility 

to unprecedented consolidation and new 

competition up and down the value chain. 

Despite these disruptors, we have remained 

true to our cooperative roots, never forgetting 

our commitment to drive performance in 

order to deliver strong returns and position 

the company for prolonged success on behalf 

of our member-owners.

Within our individual businesses, 2017 

saw exceptional performances across the 

board, new product launches, merger and 

acquisition activities, and investments in 

the future. All of which combined to deliver 

another record year for Land O’Lakes, Inc.

  4       2017 ANNUAL REPORT

REVIEWANIMAL NUTRITION

WELCOME TO 
THE FARM
Hosted 43 VIP selling 
events at the Purina Animal 
Nutrition Center in 2017. Of 
these events, 17 were focused 
on cattle, 12 on dairy and six 
on horse—all of which drove 
a record number of new 
customer conversions.

FEEDING POTENTIAL
Our young animal dairy program—
backed by many years of research—
continued to see positive results 
with LAND O LAKES® milk replacer, 
AMPLI-CALF® Starter and AMPLI-
CALF® Grower working together 
to help unlock incremental milk 
output for producers.

UNLOCKING GREATNESS
Successfully launched Purina® 
Accuration® Hi-Fat Block—designed to 
provide additional energy to balance 
nutrient deficiencies in forages 
for cattle. Also introduced Purina® 
Outlast™ Gastric Support Supplement, 
which supports a healthy gastric 
environment in active horses.

GLOBAL CONNECTIONS
PMI Nutritional Additives 
leveraged innovation and 
strategic relationships with 
global feed additive leaders, 
which provided exclusive 
access to differentiated 
technology, to achieve growth 
across livestock species and 
reinvest in the business. 

STRENGTHENING RELATIONSHIPS
Nutra Blend, in partnership with its 
customers, has provided more than 6 
million meals to school-aged children 
in the three years since it launched its 
Drive to Feed Kids® backpack program—
delivering best-in-class service, quality 
and results while having a positive impact 
on the communities where our customers 
and vendors live.

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  5       

BETTER TOGETHER
In October, United Suppliers’ and 
Land O’Lakes, Inc.’s crop inputs 
and insights businesses officially 
completed the nearly two-year 
merger process and, together as 
WinField United, now bring a total 
agronomy capability to member-
owners and customers. 

TOTAL AGRONOMY 
SOLUTIONS
Welcomed WinField United 
Canada and WinField 
United Crop Nutrients to 
our total agronomic suite 
of products, services, data 
and insights that we deliver 
to our retail owners.

LEADERS IN INNOVATION
Advanced our commitment 
to ag tech through the launch 
of the R7® Field Forecasting 
Tool that was named AgPro 
new product of the year. Also, 
introduced new products such 
as OnTarget™, an adjuvant 
technology specifically 
designed for use with new 
herbicide chemistries.

BUILDING SIZE AND SCALE
Continued to invest in size and scale, and expand 
our capabilities, through the acquisitions of the 
Solum testing lab and the Armor Seed brand. 

A STATE-OF-THE-ART FACILITY
Celebrated the grand opening of the 
WinField United Innovation Center, a 
state-of-the-art product and technology 
testing and development facility, and 
an epicenter of agronomy research and 
development that further strengthens 
our reputation as a leader in 21st-century 
agribusiness and innovation.



CROP INPUTS    
       + INSIGHTS 

  6       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

DAIRY FOODS

AN ENTREPRENEURIAL SPIRIT
Successfully launched the Land 
O’Lakes Dairy Accelerator with five 
dairy entrepreneurs in its pilot year, 
gaining rich insights into generating 
new growth platforms for dairy. 

OVERCOMING OBSTACLES
Faced with global milk powder 
prices that declined by 30 cents over 
the course of the year, Global Dairy 
Ingredients effectively managed 
risk to overcome this unexpectedly 
challenging operating environment 
and outperform the market.

A RECORD YEAR 
Our iconic LAND O LAKES® Butter 
business delivered record earn-
ings and our Deli Cheese business 
generated both the highest sales 
and profit in four years. 

A PREMIUM ACQUISITION
Completed the acquisition of Vermont Creamery, 
a specialty producer of artisanal aged and 
fresh goat cheeses and premium cultured dairy 
products with an impressive track record of 
earning national and international awards.

PROUDLY FARMER-OWNED
After piloting new packaging in 2017, we're ready for a full 
2018 rollout celebrating our farmer-owned roots. The words 
“farmer-owned” will now be proudly displayed front-and-
center on all LAND O LAKES® butter packaging.

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  7       

INTERNATIONAL

EXPORTING OUR EXPERTISE 
Continued to see growth in Mexico 
bringing high-value items from 
WinField United and our animal 
nutrition business to help Mexican 
farmers become more productive. 

PLANTING A SEED
Negotiated an agreement with 
a Chinese alfalfa distributor to 
explore a joint venture partnership 
and further expand seed supply 
business opportunities. The 
formal government approval 
process is underway.

A STRONG START
Bidco Land O’Lakes—our animal 
nutrition joint venture in Kenya—is off 
to a strong start with 2017 volumes 
growing more than 80 percent 
over 2016 and plans to invest in an 
upgraded feed manufacturing plant 
that will add capacity to keep up with 
a rapidly expanding market.

LOCKING IN ON  
SOUTH AFRICA 
Villa crop protection partnership in 
South Africa overcame challenging 
market conditions to achieve record 
sales, driven in part by the successful 
launch of the Interlock® adjuvant into 
South Africa and surrounding markets.

  8       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

AN INNOVATIVE SOLUTION
Launched a new conservation 
planning tool, Agren BufferBuilder, 
that offers farmers flexibility in 
complying with an agricultural 
buffer law in Minnesota. After 
assessing both the law and the 
technology, Agren BufferBuilder 
was approved by the Minnesota 
Board of Water and Soil Resources 
as an alternative practice option 
under the Minnesota law.

FUNDING MEASURABLE 
OUTCOMES
Launched the Land O'Lakes 
SUSTAIN Innovation Fund 
to help dairy members 
implement new, large-scale 
technologies or management 
systems focused on driving 
measurable outcomes for air, 
soil and/or water.

A COMMITMENT  
TO CONSERVATION
Land O'Lakes SUSTAIN, along with Dairy 
Foods, worked with Walmart in their efforts 
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from 
the supply chain by 1 billion metric tons by 
2030. Land O'Lakes committed to deliver a 
reduction of 10 million metric tons through 
our Land O'Lakes SUSTAIN Conservation 
Agronomy and Dairy platforms.

MANAGING SOIL THROUGH AG TECH
Expanded adoption of SoilVantage® technology to help farmers 
understand and manage areas in their fields most susceptible to 
soil erosion. Utilizing aerial imagery, soil maps and elevation data, a 
field-specific report shows the soil loss on nine meter grids, including 
average soil loss per acre and estimated potential yield and nutrient 
loss quantified in the clearest of terms: dollars per acre.

PAINTING AN 
ACCURATE PICTURE
Introduced the Conservation 
Dairy platform, including 
on-farm sustainability 
assessments and an energy 
efficiency service, to provide 
an accurate picture of 
our members’ current 
sustainability efforts and 
provide opportunities for 
continuous improvement.

LAND O’LAKES 
SUSTAIN™

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  9       

section :: 1
WE UNLOCK GREAT POTENTIAL 
FROM FARM TO FORK, THROUGH 
OUR DATA-DRIVEN APPROACH, 
TECHNOLOGICAL EXPERTISE 
AND BY TURNING INSIGHT  
INTO INNOVATION.

  10       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

FORAGE GENETICS + CROPLAN

GROW INTO 
 
THE FUTURE 

For Land O'Lakes, Inc.'s wholly owned subsid-

iary Forage Genetics International (FGI), 2017 

was a milestone year as it released the highly 
anticipated HarvXtra® alfalfa seed. To help display 
the game-changing genetics of HavXtra® alfalfa, 
FGI hosted the CROPLAN® VIP Alfalfa Experience 
for 110 producers in Wisconsin in early June. 
In his role within the Land O’Lakes Member 
Relations team, George Droogsma works with 
eastern Minnesota dairy members to share 
information about Land O’Lakes’ full spectrum of 
products and services. Part of working with dairy 
members is understanding animal nutrition and 
the value quality forage brings to dairies. George 
and other attendees of the CROPLAN VIP Alfalfa 
Experience got up close and personal with the 
new seed varieties.

“Producers see firsthand the work FGI is doing,” 
George says. “The conference gives you a better 
understanding of all the trials and work that goes 
into selecting the varieties before they even hit 
market. It builds your confidence in the product 
and how well they can perform on your farm. 
Producers get to see that there are a lot of genet-
ics that go through initial testing and never make 
it to market.”

Minnesota member-owner Mark Clark attended 

the CROPLAN VIP Alfalfa Experience to learn 
more about the process of genetically engineer-
ing alfalfa seeds.

“These seeds are really fascinating because I 

am from the older generation where we didn’t do 
it that way,” Mark says. “I think that it is real inter-
esting how they take cells, pull them apart and put 
them back together to make the product sturdier.”

After completing a tour of the lab, producers 

visited test plots grown by FGI under multiple 
conditions and in different varieties of soil. Members 
of the FGI team shared insights about disease 
resistant alfalfa, general alfalfa management, 
current CROPLAN® seed varieties and what is next 
on the alfalfa front from CROPLAN® and FGI.

“It’s interesting talking to other farmers about 

how they grow their alfalfa and what they do 
differently,” Mark says. “I talked with some of the 
agronomists from around the area about how to 
make the alfalfa work better or learn little hints 
for planting.”

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  11       

Seeing the benefits of Purina Animal Nutrition’s VIP experience

Allied Cooperative in west central Wisconsin has 
provided Purina Animal Nutrition products and 
services to its members for more than 30 years.  

But until last December, the co-op had never taken 

members and potential customers on a VIP trip to 
the Purina Animal Nutrition Center in Gray Summit, 
Missouri. The 1,200-acre facility is staffed by more than 
100 nutritionists, veterinarians and animal care work-
ers, and is a true differentiator from Purina’s compet-
itors. Sarah Henderson, feed sales and marketing 
manager at Allied, decided 2017 was the year to make 
the trip. 

After nearly a year of planning, Sarah led an expedi-

tion of about 35 people on a 10-hour bus ride south with 
dairy producers who already use Purina® products and 
have seen results, as well as prospective customers. 

It was important to have current and potential Purina 
customers on the trip, Sarah says, because the current 
users could share first-hand how Purina had improved 
their operations. 

“On the bus, we had a great mix of producers who 
are very loyal to Purina and to Allied, as well as some 
customers we're hoping to gain business from,” 
Sarah says. 

"They were inspired by the trip,” Sarah says. “The 

dairy market is tough. And the trip reminded them that 
they're doing a great thing in producing food for the 
world, and they learned how to do an even better job 
on their operation." 

Plus, Sarah says, the farm’s layout and visitor-

friendly design make it easy to be impressed. 

"We were in the viewing room above the milking 

parlor. It was comical; there were quite a few of us who 
stood there watching the cows getting milked. We 
were just mesmerized,” she says. “We see this every 
single day. We milk cows every day! And still, we were 
like, 'This is so awesome.'"

But when a co-op makes an investment in a VIP 

trip—and the face-to-face connections made during 
them—the best result it can hope for is increased busi-
ness. And this trip led to results soon after it ended. 

 "Our nutritionists and I spent quite a bit of time 

together with good prospective customers throughout 
the trip,” she says. “One called after we came back and 
said he was bringing his calf feed business back to us.” 
Other potential customers who took the trip are now 
aware of the science behind Purina® products and are 
considering switching their operations to Purina. 

VIP trips give producers a chance to learn from 

“We were able to build some great relationships on 

Purina’s staff about the cutting-edge research that goes 
into their products and how it can work for their farms.

the trip, and it's helped us grow our business,” Sarah 
says. “It was definitely worth it." 

❝

THE DAIRY MARKET IS 
TOUGH. AND THE TRIP 
REMINDED THEM THAT 
THEY'RE DOING A GREAT 
THING IN PRODUCING 
FOOD FOR THE WORLD.

  12       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

section :: 2

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  13       

WE WORK TOGETHER AS AN INNOVATIVE FARMER-OWNED COOPERATIVE COMBINING OUR GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE, VALUE-ADDED BRANDS AND DIRECT ACCESS TO THE SOURCE TO MEET AGRICULTURE’S TOUGHEST CHALLENGES.technologies, our strong network of 
agricultural retailers will be better 
armed with comprehensive agro-
nomic solutions that are not only 
forward thinking, but tested and 
backed by data and insights. 

When you combine this state-of-
the-art facility with the more than 
200 Answer Plot® locations and an 
extensive data validation process, 
the WinField United team is uniquely 
positioned to develop trusted, data-
backed product and technology 
recommendations for our retailers 
and the farmers they serve.

“Before we bring products to a 

farmer’s fields, we make sure they 
work in our fields first,” says Mike 
Vande Logt, executive vice presi-
dent and chief operating officer of Ag 
Technology. “All of our products are 
developed with farmers top-of-mind. 
Our product development process is 
a stamp of approval that represents 
the comprehensive, rigorous, proven 
method we use to bring products and 
technologies to market.”

In all, WinField United has the tech-
nical know-how, proprietary tools and 
research-based product solutions to 
help provide farmers with a compet-
itive advantage, not to mention the 
data-backed insights they can trust for 
success today, tomorrow and beyond. 

WINFIELD UNITED INNOVATION CENTER 

AN EPICENTER 
OF R&D

When WinField, Land O’Lakes, Inc.’s 

crop inputs and insights business, 

and United Suppliers made the decision to 
bring their businesses together, it centered 
around building a future of agronomic lead-
ership. The merger was just the first step. 
In 2017, WinField United was joined by 
our partners in innovation across farming, 
higher education and private industry to 
celebrate the grand opening of the WinField 
United Innovation Center, a state-of-the-art 
product and technology testing and devel-
opment facility, and the center of agronomy 
research and development. 

The Innovation Center further strengthens 

our research and development capabilities 
and our reputation as a leader in 21st-century 
agribusiness and innovation. The research 
and testing performed at the center enables 
precise targeted applications of crop protec-
tion products, which improves efficiency and 
can help reduce waste. 

Simply put: the WinField United Innovation 
Center provides the space and equipment to 
develop industry-leading and next genera-
tion tools that will help farmers sustainably 
grow more food using fewer resources. 
And as we innovate new solutions and 

  14       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

HEALTH INSURANCE, 
THE CO-OP WAY
In many cases, opportunities to innovate can be found 

within the challenges we face every day—in the prob-

lems that need a fresh look or a new approach. 

rolled the offering out to members nationwide in 2017. 
As an exclusive insurance agency for Land O’Lakes’ 

member-owners, BIS helps our members, their families 
and their employees find the coverage they need for 
medical, dental, life, disability and voluntary products. 
What’s truly innovative about BIS is the potential it 
offers for farmers of all types —from family operations 
to farms employing many individuals in need of health 
insurance, too. 

"I was a bit skeptical at first, but Land O’Lakes made 

good on their word," says Minnesota member-owner 
Sadie Frericks. "I’m just extremely proud and delighted 
that we have a solution that makes things simpler. I 
don’t know what other farmers have experienced in 
terms of any savings, but the BIS solution made a huge 
difference for my family."

Through these offerings, Land O’Lakes is continuing 

to find ways to help our members, their families and 
employees find cost-effective coverage and avoid 
some of the hassle of hunting down policies.

Over the years, we’ve heard from many members 

who were struggling to obtain quality, affordable health 
insurance. A challenge plagued by shifting policy, 
complex systems and exchanges with sparse options. 
In 2012, we introduced the Member Cooperative Health 
Plan, which helps provide health insurance solutions 
to our co-op customers. Under this program, partici-
pating cooperatives receive comprehensive benefits 
at competitive prices by leveraging Land O’Lakes' 
scale and buying power. Today, this program provides 
healthcare benefits to over 10,000 co-op employees 
and their dependents.

Building on this success, we created BuyPoint 

Insurance Solutions (BIS) in 2016 in an effort to help our 
individual farmer-members find affordable healthcare 
plans for themselves, their families and their busi-
nesses. Following a successful pilot year, we officially 

A promising feed partnership in Kenya

Dairy farming is a popular way of life in 
Kenya. As the country’s middle class 
grows, demand for animal products is on 
the rise. And yet, supply can’t seem to 
keep up. 

“Kenyan farmers have the opportunity 

to see more productivity, and we have 
an opportunity to get them there,” says 
Jesse Green, Bidco Land O’Lakes feed 
plant manager. 

In 2016, Land O’Lakes, Inc. and Bidco 
Africa began a joint venture feed busi-
ness called Bidco Land O’Lakes. Bidco 
Africa is East Africa’s largest consumer 
goods company with over 35 years of 
market knowledge, customer insights 
and regional distribution networks. 
Matched with Land O’Lakes’ expertise 
in feed technology and formulation, 

commitment to quality and comprehen-
sive approach to animal health, these 
two companies have found strength in 
combining forces. 

After one year of operation, Bidco Land 
O’Lakes sales have more than doubled—
but this is just the start. The team has 
also been active in helping advance the 
overall industry, from feed quality to 
improved on-farm practices.

On average, the Bidco Land O’Lakes 
plant handles about 400 metric tons of 
goods per day, including the arrival of 
raw ingredients and shipping of finished 
products to distributors. Each delivery 
gets tested at a state-of-the-art labora-
tory with technology that comes straight 
from the Land O’Lakes toolkit.

The Bidco Land O’Lakes team is also 

helping farmers improve their overall 
operation by offering trainings in on-farm 
best practices and business manage-
ment. Any gains in productivity can have 
a substantial impact on a Kenyan family 
farm, with the added income covering 
important family needs like school fees 
and an improved diet.

While Land O’Lakes’ international 
feed production is currently focused 
just in Kenya, we have high aspirations 
for East Africa. “With nearly 450 million 
people, East Africa has large markets 
that will continue to grow rapidly,” says 
Jerry Kaminski, chief operating officer, 
International. "This joint venture, along 
with our investment in Villa in South Africa, 
positions Land O’Lakes to be a leader in 
the growing African marketplace."

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  15       

section :: 3

  16       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

WE BUILD FOR A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE, WITH DEEP RESPECT FOR OUR PRECIOUS LAND, WATER AND AIR, THROUGH STRONG RELATIONSHIPS AND INNOVATIVE IDEAS.  LAND O'LAKES SUSTAIN 
BRINGS CONSERVATION 
AGRONOMY TO KANSAS
As a farmer-owned cooperative with a farm-to-fork view 

of the industry, we know sustainability needs to work, first 
and foremost, for the farmer. With more than 30 years’ expe-
rience as an agronomy manager at a member cooperative in 
Kansas, Willie Schmidt believes that today, more than ever, 
farmers’ leadership in the field extends beyond production, 
to protection and conservation. But sustainability isn’t only 
central to their principles of conservation and stewardship; it’s 
critical to bottom lines and our members’ long-term legacy. 
“We need to be open to new best management practices 

to help ensure the longevity of our operations for our children 
and future generations,” says Willie. “That’s why we’re working 
with Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN and WinField United to tap into 
their resources to continuously improve our practices and tell 
the story we’re not able to tell ourselves.”

Alliance Ag and Grain is a Land O’Lakes member-coopera-

tive that supports 1,600 customers across the Kansas coun-
tryside. The co-op utilized WinField® crop protection products 
and technology, and United Suppliers® fertilizers for years, 
but it was in late 2016 when Willie was first introduced to Land 
O’Lakes SUSTAIN. And, he admits, he was skeptical.

“As we learned about Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN, I thought ‘my 

goodness, we do all that, that’s what we do. That’s who we 

are,'" says Willie. “Kansas has been on the forefront of manag-
ing water because it’s such a limited resource for us.” But after 
hearing more about it, the concept clicked.

Willie worked with his Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN account 

manager to evolve their current sustainability business 
offerings into a business plan, reviewing the technologies, 
practices and products at hand to design a solution that helps 
boost farmers’ bottom line potential and protects local natural 
resources. Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN is one of the first to deliver 
precision conservation tools and services to farmers across 
the U.S. while meeting the demands of retail and consumer 
packaged goods companies, and satisfying increasingly curi-
ous consumers. 

The platform has also developed metrics to drive mean-

ingful, quantifiable on-farm conservation of air, soil and water. 
These metrics, when applied across farmed acres, help tell 
a story that’s too often overlooked. Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN 
can help food companies and major retailers understand the 
sustainability of their supply chains. It can also help consumers 
learn about where their food comes from and see how it was 
responsibly produced. To date, the Land O'Lakes SUSTAIN 
platform is helping tell that story across more than 240,000 
acres of Alliance Ag and Grain’s footprint now enrolled.

An innovative solution 

Whether it’s through community partnerships, 
customer commitments or legislative efforts, 
we identify and advocate for opportunities that 
help farmers best manage their operations and 
meet sustainability goals in a common-sense 
and cost-effective way. 

For example, in 2015, a new law in Minnesota 

put in place a 50-foot buffer requirement 
around all fields that drain to public waters. 
While intended to protect water quality, the 
law posed a challenge to farmers, requiring 
them to take a significant amount of land out of 
production to comply with the law. The need for 
a solution was evident—and through collabora-
tion with state officials, we brought to bear Land 

O’Lakes’ technology, expertise and insights to 
help design a solution that met the needs of 
Minnesota farmers and their communities. Cue 
the Agren® BufferBuilder.

“Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN is excited to work 

with the state to provide flexibility for farmers, 
while helping to enhance water quality at the 
same time,” says Matt Carstens, senior vice 
president for Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN. “The 
BufferBuilder tool helps enable farmers to 
utilize technology to the advantage of both 
their business and their local natural resources.”

Licensed by Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN, the 

BufferBuilder tool allows a conservation planner 
to custom-design crop field buffers to trap 

sediment and nutrients as water flows off a 
field. Using site-specific soil information, 40 
years’ worth of daily climate data and precise 
topography mapped by lasers to model the 
flow of water and sediment from a crop field, 
the technology identifies where there will and 
will not be a concentrated flow of water so 
farmers can strategically place buffers where 
they are needed. 

After assessing both the law and the technol-
ogy, Agren® BufferBuilder was approved by the 
Minnesota Board of Water and Soil Resources 
as an alternative practice option under the 
Minnesota law, offering farmers flexibility in 
complying with the law. 

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  17       

section :: 4

  18       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

WE ADVOCATE TIRELESSLY FOR OUR INDUSTRY BY BEING ACTIVE IN OUR COMMUNITIES AND SHARING OUR STORY WITH AUDIENCES THAT MAY NOT KNOW US OR UNDERSTAND FARMING VERY WELL.DOUBLING DONATIONS 
TO RURAL COMMUNITIES 
THROUGH MEMBER MATCHES
Land O’Lakes and our members are well-

Land O'Lakes makes it really easy to apply for 
the funds. It takes minutes to fill the application 
out and it makes a difference.”

known for striving to improve their commu-
nities through charitable giving. And the Land 
O’Lakes Foundation makes it easier than ever to 
maximize their impact in the community through 
the Member Match programs. 

The Direct Member Match program and the 
Member Co-op Match program match dollar-
for-dollar the donations from our members to 
eligible organizations. These gifts and matching 
funds can go a long way in rural communities. 
In Fort Dodge, Iowa, NEW Cooperative has 
been donating to the Fort Dodge Noon Sertoma 
Club’s Backpack Buddies program every year 
since 2014, and they have been utilizing their 
member matches each year. 

“Our mission at NEW Cooperative lined up 
with the Sertoma Club and what it stands for: 
ending hunger,” says Gary Moritz, communica-
tions director for NEW Cooperative. “Our board 
believes in the Land O’Lakes matching funds. 
It is an excellent way to help our communities. 

Arlene Blaser has been farming in  Oconto 
County, Wisconsin, with her husband Allen for 
more than 40 years. Now, their son and his wife 
oversee most of the operation, and Arlene has 
found new ways to get involved in her community. 
About five years ago, she started volunteering at 
the Oconto Falls Food Pantry. And for the past two 
years, she's been using Direct Member Matches 
to supplement her donations.

"I think if people are willing to donate money, 
and if Land O'Lakes is willing to match it, to me 
it's a no-brainer," says Arlene.

When you combine the donations with her 
volunteer hours, Arlene is making a tangible 
impact in her rural community.

"At the food pantry, you can see these people 

do really need it," she says. "And I truly enjoy 
helping. You get home that night, you're tired, 
but you did something good."

❝

I THINK IF PEOPLE ARE WILLING TO 
DONATE MONEY, AND IF LAND O'LAKES 
IS WILLING TO MATCH IT, TO ME IT'S 
A NO-BRAINER.

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  19       

  20       2017  ANNUAL REPORT
  20       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

ELEVATING THE STORY OF 
MODERN AGRICULTURE 
THROUGH FARM BOWL

It isn’t often that football’s biggest competition 

comes to our hometown Twin Cities. In fact, the 
last time the area hosted the game was in 1992. 
So, when we found out we’d be hosting the Big 
Game, Land O’Lakes jumped on the opportunity 
to use this elevated platform to educate folks 
about modern agriculture. The result was the Land 
O’Lakes Farm Bowl, a spirited competition featur-
ing teams of Land O’Lakes members paired with 
current and former football players going head-to-
head in farm-based challenges.

 Teams worked to change tractor tires, back 

up tractors loaded with hay and fly drones to 
demonstrate precision agriculture technology. 
The goal was simple: illustrate to the 98 percent 
of Americans with no involvement in agriculture 
what modern agriculture looks like and how hard 
farmers work. 

Before a pumped-up crowd, Land O’Lakes 

farmer-member JJ Nunes and Vikings’ wide 
receiver Stefon Diggs edged out Jason Brown 
and Dave Ribeiro in The Big Feed Run challenge 
to claim victory, the bragging rights and the Farm 
Bowl Trophy. Despite not winning, Farm Bowl 
participant and Wisconsin member-owner Amber 
Horn-Leiterman believes the event was a success 
in helping those who might not know a farmer 
learn more about the industry. 

“I was excited about sharing the ag story on 

this large of a stage. It’s the Big Game, the whole 
world was watching, and we were there helping to 
put a face to farming,” Amber says. “I hope people 
will have continued trust in farmers and a better 
understanding of where their food comes from. 
Farmers are just like you. We’re your neighbors 
and we’re the ones producing your food.”

The Farm Bowl was a hit, with more than 1,000 

people attending the live event and even more 
viewing online. On Twitter alone, coverage of 
the Land O’Lakes Farm Bowl reached nearly 6 
million people, and the Facebook livestream of 
the full event reached another 1.8 million people. 
Regardless of the stats, the intangible goal of 
reaching new audiences and shining a brighter light 
on modern farming was undoubtedly achieved. 

LAND O'LAKES, INC.

LAND O'LAKES, INC.   21       
  21       

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

●  Ag member     ●  Dairy member     ●  Advisory member

David Andresen  
Britton, SD
●

Xavier Avila
Selma, CA
●

Tom Benoit
Hays, KS
●

Mark Berning
St. Michael, MN
●

Lynn Boadwine
Sioux Falls, SD
●

Rick Brand
Ames, IA
●

Rick Brubaker
Crawfordsville, IN
●

Joey Fernandes
Tulare, CA
●

John Habedank
Ulen, MN
●

Duane Hershey
Cochranville, PA
●

Scot Janssen
Stacyville, IA
●

Jeff Johnson
Buffalo, MN
●

Pete Kappelman
Two Rivers, WI
●

Cornell Kasbergen
Tulare, CA
●

Jeff Lakner
Aberdeen, SD
●

Dale Locken
Mountainridge, KS
●

  22       2017  ANNUAL REPORT
  22       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

Joe Machado
Hanford, CA
●

Dan Mains
Newville, PA
●

Stephen Mancebo
Tulare, CA
●

John McClelland
Garden City, KS
●

Levi Ransom
Nicholson, PA
●

Doug Reimer
Monticello, IA
●

Nic Schoenberger
Kiel, WI
●

Paul Schweiger
Beaver Dam, WI
●

Stan Stark
Haviland, KS
●

Jeff Troike
Crawfordsville, IN
●

Bruce Vernon
Effingham, IL
●

Joyce Cacho
Washington, DC
●

Howard Liszt
Rancho Mirage, CA
●

Doyle Pearl
St. Marys, KS
●

Galen Vetter
Edwards, CO
●

LAND O'LAKES, INC.
LAND O'LAKES, INC.

  23       
  23       

SENIOR 
LEADERSHIP

Back  (L-R)
Barry Wolfish, Senior Vice President, 
Fuel for Growth; Loren Heeringa, 
Senior Vice President & Chief Human 
Resources Officer; Su Rankin, Senior 
Vice President, Operations; Doug 
Brunt, Senior Vice President, WinField 
United Sales; John Ellenberger, 
Senior Vice President, International 
Development; Matt Carstens, Senior 
Vice President, Land O'Lakes SUSTAIN; 
Bill Pieper, Senior Vice President & 
Chief Financial Officer; Jerry Kaminski, 
Executive Vice President & Chief 
Operating Officer, International; Peter 
Janzen, Senior Vice President, General 
Counsel & Chief Administrative Officer

Middle (L-R)
Brett Bruggeman, Executive Vice 
President & Chief Operating Officer, 
WinField United; Mike Macrie, Senior 
Vice President & Chief Information 
Officer; Rob McClelland, CEO, FLM 
Harvest; Yone Dewberry, Senior Vice 
President & Chief Supply Chain Officer; 
Mike Vande Logt, Executive Vice 
President & Chief Operating Officer, Ag 
Technology; Lisa Deverell, Senior Vice 
President, Feed Business to Business

Front (L-R)
Brad Oelmann, Executive Vice 
President & Chief Operating Officer, 
Land O'Lakes Services; Chris 
Policinski, President & Chief Executive 
Officer; Beth Ford, Executive Vice 
President & Chief Operating Officer, 
Land O'Lakes Businesses; Thea 
Keamy, Senior Vice President, 
Corporate Strategy and Business 
Development; Chris Roberts, 
Executive Vice President & Chief 
Operating Officer, Dairy Foods

Not pictured:
Dave Hoogmoed, Executive Vice 
President & Chief Operating Officer, 
Purina Core Feed; Tim Scott, Senior 
Vice President & Chief Marketing 
Officer

  24       2017  ANNUAL REPORT

LCC3350AR

© 2018 Land O’Lakes, Inc.   |   landolakesinc.com

