A GLOBAL LEADER 
IN AUTOMOTIVE SEATING  
& ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS

A N N U A L   R E P O R T   2 0 1 7

C O R P O R A T E   O V E R V I E W

Lear was founded in Detroit in 1917 as American Metal Products, a manufacturer of seating 
assemblies and other components for the automotive and aircraft industries. 

Today, Lear is a leading global supplier of complete automotive seating systems and components, 
as well as electrical distribution systems and electronic components, including high power and 
hybrid electrical systems and components. 

The Company serves all of the world’s major automakers and Lear content can be found on 
more than 400 vehicle nameplates. 

In 2017, Lear’s total sales were a record $20.5 billion, with 78% in the Seating segment and 
22% in the E-Systems segment. Lear ranked #151 in the latest Fortune magazine survey. 

Lear's world-class products are designed, engineered and manufactured by a diverse team of 
165,000 employees at 257 locations in 39 countries. 

Lear’s Vision is to consistently be recognized as: 

 
 
 
 

• A Supplier of choice; 
• An Employer of choice; 
• The Investment of choice; and 
• A Company that supports the communities where we do business. 

The Company’s Strategy is to invest in profitably growing the business, improve long-term 
competitiveness and consistently return cash to shareholders, while maintaining a strong and 
flexible financial position. 

The  Company’s  Core  Values  are  quality,  innovation,  efficiency,  customer  focus,  diversity, 
teamwork, integrity and community service. 

Our success is driven by our dedication to providing the best possible products and services to 
our customers, a philosophy of continuous improvement and outstanding teamwork.

Lear Corporation is headquartered in Southfield, Michigan and its common stock is traded on 
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol [LEA].

C H A I R M A N ’ S  L E T T E R

Last year was an exceptional one for Lear.  The Company celebrated its 100-year 
anniversary, management delivered the best financial results in the Company’s 
history,  and  we  continued  to  strengthen  our  global  capabilities  with  organic 
investments and strategic acquisitions.   

We also announced a change in the leadership of the Company.  Ray Scott, former 
Executive Vice  President  and  President  of  Seating,  was  appointed  President, 
Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors, effective March 
1, 2018.  Ray replaced Matt Simoncini, who served as CEO for the last six of 
his twenty-one years of service to Lear.  Matt was an exceptional leader and 
a driving force in improving the culture and building a high-performing team.  
During his tenure as CEO, Lear delivered industry-leading financial results and 
superior shareholder returns.  On behalf of the Board of Directors and all of our 
stakeholders, I want to sincerely thank Matt for his dedicated service and wish 
him and his family the very best in the future.

Going forward, you can expect Ray to continue with the Company’s balanced 
strategy  of  investing  in  the  business  to  improve  competitiveness  and  drive 
profitable  growth,  maintaining  a  strong  and  flexible  financial  position,  and 
returning excess cash to shareholders as we strive to take Lear to the next level.

Since  2011,  Lear  has  invested  $5.5  billion  in  strengthening  the  Company 
through capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions and footprint actions.  With 
these investments, we have established an industry-leading product portfolio 
and cost structure.  This strategy, combined with continued strong execution, 
delivered  a  total  return  to  shareholders  of  35%  last  year.    Over  the  last  five 
years,  Lear’s  total  return  to  shareholders  was  approximately  300%,  almost 
three times better than our peer group and the S&P 500.  Today, the Company 
is in the strongest competitive position ever and is extremely well positioned 
for future success.  

We also have an outstanding record of returning cash to our shareholders.  Since 
we initiated dividend and share repurchase programs in 2011, we have returned 
more than $4 billion to our shareholders, which includes buying back 42% of 
our shares outstanding and steadily increasing our quarterly cash dividend.  

Lear’s  Board  of  Directors  remains  committed  to  transparency  and  good 
corporate governance and I am very proud of the Company’s industry-leading 
financial  results  and  corporate  governance  ratings.    Working  together  with 
the  management  team,  we  are  focused  on  exceeding  customer  expectations, 
delivering superior shareholder value and sustaining our success.

Sincerely,  

Henry D. G. Wallace
Non-Executive Chairman
March 15, 2018

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

1

LEAR
CORPORATION
$20.5B
$3.2B
#151

5,500
257 Facilities with
39 Countries including
22 low-cost

165,000

[NYSE: LEA]

consolidated backlog

engineering
centers 

engineers globally

total sales

Employees with 

20

Jaguar/
Land Rover

SALES
BY 

CUSTOMER

countries

Renault-Nissan

PSA Group

VW Group

Hyundai

Daimler

Other

BMW

Ford

FCA

GM

on the Fortune 500

GENERATED $4.3 

BILLION IN

CUMULATIVE 

FREE CASH FLOW

8.4%

2017

CASH FLOW
YIELD OF

11%

5.2%

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2012

2017

IMPROVING
COMPANY
ADJUSTED
OPERATING
MARGIN*

297%

108%
S&P 
500

LEAR

5 YEAR TOTAL 

SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

 

*Adjusted Operating Margin and Free Cash Flow are non-GAAP financial measures.  Information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures, as well as reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable   
  financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, can be found in our fourth quarter 2017 earnings presentation through the investor relations link at lear.com.
2 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

C E O ’ S  L E T T E R

In 2017, we continued to deliver superior results, as the investments that we have made in our business 
are paying off.  We achieved record performance in all key financial metrics and we further strengthened 
our product capabilities in both business segments.  

Today, we are in the strongest overall competitive position in our 100-year history.  Going forward, our 
unique  product  capabilities  and  industry-leading  cost  structure  will  allow  Lear  to  continue  to  deliver 
profitable sales growth and superior value to our customers and shareholders.

Record Financial Performance
Last  year,  we  set  records  in  all  key  financial  metrics,  including  record  sales  of  $20.5  billion,  record  core 
operating earnings of $1.7 billion and a record Company adjusted operating margin of 8.4%.  This was our 
8th consecutive year of improving financial results. Both of our business segments performed exceptionally 
well, delivering record sales and operating earnings.  

Results like this don’t just happen.  They are the result of having the right strategy, financial discipline, strong 
execution and the significant investments that we have made in our business over the last decade.

We continued to provide superior value to our shareholders.  Our free cash flow yield was 
11%, the best in our peer group and among the top 10% of all companies in the S&P 500.  
We also increased our annual dividend from $1.20 to $2.00 per share and repurchased 
3  million  shares  or  4%  of  our  shares  outstanding  at  the  beginning  of  the  year.   This 
brings our total share repurchases since 2011 to 44 million shares or 42% of our shares 
outstanding at the time the program was initiated.  

Investing for Profitable Growth
Since 2011, we have invested $5.5 billion in our business through capital expenditures, 
acquisitions and footprint actions. With these investments, we have established an 
industry-leading product portfolio and low-cost footprint.

Our strategic acquisitions include Guilford Performance Textiles and Eagle 
Ottawa Premium Leather in Seating and Arada Systems and Autonet Mobile 
in E-Systems.  During 2017, we completed the acquisition and 
integration of Grupo Antolin’s automotive seating business, 
further strengthening our market share with key European 
customers and expanding our seat component capabilities. 
In E-Systems, we announced an agreement to acquire 
EXO Technologies, a leading developer of differentiated 
GPS technology providing high-accuracy positioning 
solutions to support autonomous and connected vehicle 
applications.  The EXO acquisition closed in early January 2018.

Unique Product Capabilities
Lear’s unique product capabilities in both business segments provide 

a significant competitive advantage.2017

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

3

“I BELIEVE THAT THIS IS A GREAT TIME TO INVEST IN LEAR. WE HAVE THE STRONGEST TEAM IN 
THE INDUSTRY, A FOCUSED STRATEGY THAT IS DELIVERING SUPERIOR RESULTS, A GROWING 

MARKET SHARE IN BOTH BUSINESS SEGMENTS, A FOOTPRINT THAT IS SECOND TO NONE, 
A WELL-ESTABLISHED AND GROWING POSITION IN CHINA AND A RECORD THREE-YEAR 

SALES BACKLOG OF $3.2 BILLION.”

4 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

C E O ’ S  L E T T E R , continued

In E-Systems, Lear has leading product capabilities to deliver electrical distribution systems for both traditional and high power 
vehicle architectures. In addition, our electronics product portfolio includes a broad range of capabilities to manage power, signals 
and data within the vehicle, as well as with other wirelessly connected vehicles and external networks. With advanced software 
capabilities, delivered by over 600 in-house software engineers, Lear offers advanced features like over-the-air software updates, 
eCall and remote vehicle commands. All of this capability is protected by a dedicated and highly capable cybersecurity team 
delivering industry-leading development processes and technology.

In Seating, Lear is the most vertically integrated supplier in the industry, capable of producing 85% of the content of a seat. With 
the most complete component offerings of any seat supplier, including unmatched capabilities in surface materials, Lear is able 
to offer unique seat designs and execute them with the highest level of craftsmanship, which we refer to as Crafted by LearTM.

As the only seat supplier with a captive electrical and electronics business, we can integrate sophisticated software, electronics 
and sensors into our seats to offer the advanced functionality found in our INTUTM intelligent seat.

Aligned With Industry Trends
Lear’s  unique  product  capabilities  are  perfectly  aligned  with  increasing  consumer  demand  for  more  comfort  &  convenience 
features, premium levels of quality & craftsmanship, vehicle safety, connectivity and energy efficiency.  In addition, the rapidly 
growing mix of crossovers, SUVs and luxury vehicles supports increasing content for our business globally.

China, the world’s largest and fastest growing automotive market, represents a major growth opportunity for Lear.  The Company 
has established a significant presence in China with 45 manufacturing facilities, 5 major engineering & technology centers, 
26,000 employees and sales of $4 billion, including our non-consolidated joint ventures.  Over the next five years, we expect our 
total sales in China to reach $7.5 billion. 

Over the next ten years, global industry penetration rates are expected to reach 40% for electrified vehicles and 75% or more for 
connected vehicles.  These two trends, and later autonomous vehicles, represent significant incremental content opportunities for Lear.

Unparalleled Investment Opportunity
Lear is a high-performing company that is well positioned for future success. We have made tremendous progress in strengthening 
our Company, delivering the highest quality products and service to our customers and earning superior returns for our shareholders.

Our total return to shareholders last year was 35%. Over the last five years, we have delivered a total return to our shareholders 
of approximately 300%, almost three times the return of our peer group and the S&P 500. Despite our record of out-performance, 
Lear shares remain at a discount to our peer group.

This will be my final CEO Letter, as I recently announced my plans to step down as president and CEO. While I will continue to 
serve as an advisor to the Company until the end of the year, Ray Scott will be assuming the role as president and CEO. Ray is our 
most experienced operating executive and he has a record of outstanding accomplishments throughout his 30-year career at Lear. 
I cannot think of a better leader to take the Company forward.

Sincerely,

Matthew J. Simoncini
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 28, 2018

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

5

$4.6 BILLION SALES

Lear’s E-Systems segment consists of the design, 
development,  engineering,  manufacture, 
assembly  and  supply  of  electrical  distribution 
systems, electronic modules and related components 
and software for light vehicles globally.

We  are  a  leader  in  power  management  and 
signal distribution within the vehicle, providing 
key components of the electrical distribution 
system,  including  wire  harnesses,  terminals 
and connectors and junction boxes.

Our  advanced  efficiency  systems  group  is 
dedicated to the development of high power 
and hybrid electric systems and components, 
including  wiring,  terminals  and  connectors 
and power electronics. We have products and 
technologies  that  enable  varying  degrees  of 
powertrain electrification being employed by 
automotive manufacturers today, from 48-volt 
mild hybrid vehicles to full electric vehicles.

We  also  have  vehicle  connectivity  hardware 
and software capabilities, including cybersecurity 
expertise,  that  facilitate  secure,  wireless 
communication between a vehicle’s electrical 
and electronic architecture and external networks, 
as well as other vehicles.

Global  industry  penetration  rates  over  the  next 
ten years are expected to reach 40% for electrified 
vehicles and 75% or more for connected vehicles.

These two trends, and later autonomous vehicles, 
represent  significant  incremental  content 
opportunities for E-Systems.

We  are  a  recognized  leader  in  product 
innovation.  We  are  an  Automotive  News 
PACE Award finalist for our proprietary Virtual 
Proving  Grounds,  an  industry-leading  suite  of 
in-house  developed  tools  and  processes  to 
significantly reduce the design, development 
and  validation  testing  time  and  expense.  In 
2016,  we  also  began  production  of  our  PACE 
Award winning Solid State Smart Junction Box™ 
and we are continuing to refine our smart junction 
box  technology,  including  the  development  of 
aluminum printed circuit boards.

We estimate the global target market for our 
E-Systems  business  to  be  over  $90  billion. 
Our major competitors in electrical distribution 
systems include Aptiv PLC, Leoni AG, Molex 
Incorporated  (a  subsidiary  of  Koch  Industries 
Inc.),  Sumitomo  Corporation,  TE  Connectivity 
and Yazaki Corporation. Our major competitors 
in  electronic  modules,  including  connectivity 
solutions,  include  Aptiv  PLC,  Continental  AG, 
Denso Corporation, Harman International Industries, 
Incorporated (acquired by 
Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. 
in 2017), Hella AG, Robert 
Bosch GmbH, Valeo S.A. 
and Visteon Corporation.

6 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

10.4
Billion
parts shipped

135 
Million
wire harnesses

produced

68,800 

employees

58 

facilities

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

7

$15.9 BILLION SALES

8 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

1.0
Billion
parts shipped

18 

Million
vehicle seat 
sets delivered

95,200 

employees

174 

facilities

The Seating segment consists of the design, 
development,  engineering,  just-in-time 
assembly  and  delivery  of  complete  seat 
systems, as well as the design, development, 
engineering and manufacture of all major 
seat components. This includes seat covers 
and  surface  materials  such  as  leather  and 
fabric, seat structures and mechanisms, seat 
foam  and  headrests,  as  well  as  seating-
related  electrical  and  electronics  (including 
software  products).    Further,  we  have 
expertise  and  are  building  capabilities 
in  seat  comfort  technologies,  including 
heating  and  cooling.  Combined  with  our 
global  manufacturing  and  engineering  ex-
pertise, low-cost footprint, quality leadership 
and  strong  customer  relationships,  this 
provides us with a competitive advantage. 

We  are  the  world  leader  in  luxury  and 
performance automotive seating, providing 
craftsmanship,  elegance  in  design,  use  of 

innovative  materials  and  industry-leading 
technology  required  by  premium  brands, 
including Alfa Romeo, Audi, BMW, Cadillac, 
Ferrari,  Jaguar  Land  Rover,  Lamborghini, 
Lincoln,  Maserati,  Mercedes-Benz  and 
Porsche.  We also have a global leadership 
position in the rapidly growing crossover and 
SUV segments.  These vehicles typically offer 
more features and functionality than tradi-
tional passenger cars and, therefore, tend to 
deliver additional sales content per vehicle. 

We continue to offer innovative new products 
to our customers.  Our Drop & GoTM adaptive 
seating  solution  provides  enhanced 
flexibility  and  cargo  management  for 
crossovers, SUVs and passenger vans, while 
delivering seat electrification. Drop & GoTM 
is  well-suited  for  ever-changing  consumer 
lifestyles,  including  the  increasing  use 
of  on-demand  transportation,  and  offers 
virtually  limitless  configurations  of  seats 

including  full  removal,  as  well  as  optional 
functionality, such as storage and transport 
of equipment for sports and other activities, 
executive seating and special application seating. 

We estimate the global seat systems market at 
more than $65 billion. Based on independent 
market studies and management estimates, 
we believe that we hold the #2 position in 
seat systems assembly globally on the basis 
of revenue, with strong positions in all major 
markets, as well as major seat components.

Our primary competitors in this segment are 
Adient PLC, Faurecia S.A., Magna International 
Inc., Toyota Boshoku Corporation and  TS Tech 
Co., Ltd., which have varying market presence 
depending on the region, country or au-
tomotive manufacturer.  In seat components, 
we compete with the seat systems suppliers 
identified above, as well as certain suppliers 
that specialize in particular components. 

Produced 129 Million

Wire Harnesses

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

9

WHEN SEATING & E-SYSTEMS CONVERGE,    
C O N S U M E R S   B E N E F I T

Personal Network

BioBridgeTM

Personalized Comfort

10 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

these attributes within the vehicle network, 
as well as to external networks. Our seats 
will intuitively anticipate and dynamically 
adjust  to  the  occupant’s  needs  and 
preferences related to connectivity, health 
and wellness, comfort and safety.

We believe that the seat will increasingly 
become  a  more  dynamic  and  integrated 
system that will actively react to both the 
driver  and  driving  conditions,  particularly 
with  the  advent  of  autonomous  vehicles. 
Such trends will utilize increased levels of 
electrical  and  electronic  integration  into 
the  seat,  accelerating  the  convergence  of 
our Seating and E-Systems businesses.

The seat is emerging as an integral device 
facilitating the direct connection between 
drivers and passengers and the vehicle.

This  direct  connection  will  increasingly 
support the functionality of connected and 
autonomous vehicles. We are the only seating 
supplier with both global capabilities in all 
major seat components and global elec-
tronics  development  (including  software), 
manufacturing and integration. We believe 
that  the  seat  will  increasingly  integrate 
electronics, not only for motorized control 
but for dynamic sensing and response. 

We  have  developed  active  sensing  and 
comfort seat capabilities, utilizing electronically 
controlled sensors and adjustment systems 
and internally developed algorithms. These 
seat designs automatically and constantly 
adjust  the  seat’s  cushioning  and  support 
based on the occupant’s position and ideal 
alignment for health and wellness. 

We are also developing technologies that 
will  monitor  certain  bio-metric  readings 
through seat sensors with a high level of 
accuracy  and  reliability.  We  believe 
that intelligent and dynamic seating 
solutions,  which  we  call  INTUTM 
Seating, will provide future benefits 
as  consumers  and  automotive 
manufacturers demand seats that 
can sense key attributes of a driver 
and passenger and communicate 

Dynamic Safety

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

11

MARKET AND INDUSTRY TRENDS
D R I V I N G   G R O W T H

Key trends that specifically affect our business 
include automotive manufacturers’ utilization 
of global vehicle platforms, increasing penetration 
of crossovers and SUVs, increasing demand for 
luxury  and  performance  features,  including 
increasing  levels  of  electrical  and  electronic 
content, and China’s emergence as the single 
largest major automotive market in the world 
with above average long-term growth expectations.

In  addition,  we  believe  that  the  trends  of 
efficiency, connectivity and safety are rapidly 
evolving and advancing.  These broader industry 
trends  are  driving  the  technology  trends  of 
Electrification,  Connectivity  and  Autonomous 
that  are  likely  to  be  at  the  forefront  of  our 
industry for the foreseeable future.

Our strategy is built on addressing these trends 
and profitably growing our business. We have 
expanded key component and software capabilities 
through  organic  investment  and  acquisitions 
to ensure a full complement of the best solutions 
for  our  customers.  Many  of  our  systems  and 
components also directly impact the consumer, 
providing us with the opportunity to offer our 
automotive  customers  technology,  solutions 
and designs that will differentiate their vehicles 
in the consumer marketplace.

ELECTRIFICATION

CONNECTIVITY

AUTONOMOUS

12 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

LEAR’S COMMITMENT TO    
    S U S T A I N A B I L I T Y

LEAR'S SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 

“LEAR IS COMMITTED TO IMPLEMENTING A SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY INCLUDING
INTEGRATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC ASPECTS INTO BUSINESS

 DECISIONS, OPERATIONS AND GOVERNANCE.”

For more information, please visit Lear.com/Sustainability

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

13

Melfi, Italy

Valencia, Spain

Puebla, Mexico

Liuzhou, China

Southfield, Michigan USA

1 0 0  Y E A R   C E L E B R A T I O N

This year, Lear celebrated its 100th anniversary with 165,000 
employees around the world, as well as our founders and past 
leaders, including Jim Vandenberghe and Ken Way.  

Few companies make it to their 100th year, so we are proud 
to be joining an elite club of outstanding firms that represent 
many world-class brands.

Lear  has  a  long  history  of  success  based  on  putting  our 
customers  first,  manufacturing  excellence,  a  family  culture 
for our employees and supporting the communities where we 
do business.  We are guided by a set of core values that were 

14 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

developed over the course of the Company’s rich history.

At this important moment in Lear’s history, our Company is 
in the strongest overall competitive position ever and we are 
very well positioned for future success.  We have the right vision, 
a balanced strategy for delivering superior value and the best 
team in the industry.  

We have a long history of success, we are performing at our 
best today, and we have a bright future ahead in which we look 
forward to making the next 100 years even more successful.  

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from                      to                     . 

Commission file number: 1-11311 

 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 

Delaware 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 

21557 Telegraph Road, Southfield, MI 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

 
 

 
 

13-3386776 

(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

48033 
(Zip code) 

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (248) 447-1500 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

 
 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes      No   
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes      No   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act during the preceding 12 months (or 
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 
days.    Yes      No   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to 
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes      No   
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of 
registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-
K.   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an 
emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in 
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
Non-accelerated filer 
Emerging growth company 

 
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 

Accelerated filer 
Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or 
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes      No   
As of July 1, 2017, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 
$9,648,744,720. The closing price of the common stock on July 1, 2017, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was $142.08 per share. 
As of February 2, 2018, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock was 66,920,130 shares. 

Certain sections of the registrant’s Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders to be held in May 2018, as described in the Cross Reference Sheet and Table of Contents included herewith, are incorporated by reference into 
Part III of this Report. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   15

 
 

 

 

ITEM 1. 
ITEM 1A. 
ITEM 1B. 
ITEM 2. 
ITEM 3. 
ITEM 4. 
SUPPLEMENTARY 
ITEM. 

ITEM 5. 
ITEM 6. 
ITEM 7. 
ITEM 7A. 
ITEM 8. 

ITEM 9. 
ITEM 9A. 
ITEM 9B. 

ITEM 10. 
ITEM 11. 

ITEM 12. 
ITEM 13. 
ITEM 14. 

LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CROSS REFERENCE SHEET AND TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

Page Number
or Reference 

PART I 

Business .............................................................................................................................
Risk factors ........................................................................................................................
Unresolved staff comments ...............................................................................................
Properties ...........................................................................................................................
Legal proceedings ..............................................................................................................
Mine safety disclosures ......................................................................................................

Executive officers of the Company ...................................................................................

PART II 

Market for the Company’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer 
purchases of equity securities ............................................................................................
Selected financial data .......................................................................................................
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations .
Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk (included in Item 7) ..............  
Consolidated financial statements and supplementary data ..............................................
Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial 
disclosure ...........................................................................................................................
Controls and procedures ....................................................................................................
Other information ..............................................................................................................

PART III (1) 

Directors, executive officers and corporate governance (2) ..............................................
Executive compensation (3) ..............................................................................................
Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related 
stockholder matters (4) ......................................................................................................
Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence (5) .................
Principal accounting fees and services (6) ........................................................................

PART IV 

Exhibits and financial statement schedule .........................................................................
Form 10-K Summary 

17 
30 
36 
37 
38 
38 

38 

40 
42 
45 

66 

116 
116 
116 

117 
117 

117 
118 
118 

118 
118 

Certain information is incorporated by reference, as indicated below, to the registrant’s Notice of Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders and Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 
May 2018 (the "Proxy Statement"). 
A portion of the information required is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement sections entitled "Election of 
Directors" and "Directors and Corporate Governance." 
Incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement sections entitled "Directors and Corporate Governance — Director 
Compensation," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee 
Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Compensation Committee Report." 
A portion of the information required is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement section entitled "Directors and 
Corporate Governance — Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Management." 
Incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement sections entitled "Certain Relationships and Related Party 
Transactions" and "Directors and Corporate Governance — Independence of Directors." 
Incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement section entitled "Fees of Independent Accountants." 

ITEM 15. 
ITEM 16. 
________________________ 
(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

 
 
 

16   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

PART I 

ITEM 1 – BUSINESS 

In this Report, when we use the terms the "Company," "Lear," "we," "us" and "our," unless otherwise indicated or the context 
otherwise requires, we are referring to Lear Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. A substantial portion of the 
Company’s operations are conducted through subsidiaries controlled by Lear Corporation. The Company is also a party to 
various joint venture arrangements. Certain disclosures included in this Report constitute forward-looking statements that are 
subject to risks and uncertainties. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and Part II — Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Forward-Looking Statements." 

BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY 

General 
Lear Corporation is a leading Tier 1 supplier to the global automotive industry. We supply seating, electrical distribution 
systems and electronic modules, as well as related sub-systems, components and software, to all of the world's major 
automotive manufacturers. We have 257 manufacturing, engineering and administrative locations in 39 countries and are 
continuing to grow our business in all automotive producing regions of the world, both organically and through complementary 
acquisitions. Our manufacturing footprint reflects more than 151 facilities in 22 low cost countries. 
We use our product, design and technological expertise, global reach and competitive manufacturing footprint to achieve the 
following financial goals and objectives with the aim to maximize stockholder value: 

•   Continue to deliver profitable growth, balancing risks and returns; 
•   Maintain a strong balance sheet with investment grade credit metrics; and 
•   Consistently return excess cash to our stockholders. 

Our business is organized under two reporting segments: Seating and E-Systems. Each of these segments has a varied product 
and technology range across a number of component categories: 

•   Seating — Our Seating segment consists of the design, development, engineering, just-in-time assembly and delivery 

of complete seat systems, as well as the design, development, engineering and manufacture of all major seat 
components, including seat covers and surface materials such as leather and fabric, seat structures and mechanisms, 
seat foam and headrests. Further, we have capabilities in active sensing and comfort for seats, utilizing electronically 
controlled sensor and adjustment systems and internally developed algorithms. We also offer seat heating and cooling 
capabilities through technology partnerships and design-integrated supplier solutions. 

•   E-Systems — Our E-Systems segment consists of the design, development, engineering and manufacture of complete 

electrical distribution systems that route electrical signals and manage electrical power within the vehicle for 
traditional vehicle architectures, as well as high power and hybrid electric systems. Key components in the electrical 
distribution system include wire harnesses, terminals and connectors and junction boxes, including components and 
systems for high power battery electric vehicle and hybrid electric vehicle power management and distribution 
systems. We also design, develop, engineer and manufacture sophisticated electronic control modules that facilitate 
signal, data and power management within the vehicle, as well as associated software. We have electronic hardware 
and software capabilities in wireless communication and cybersecurity that securely process various signals to, from 
and within the vehicle, as well as capabilities to provide roadside modules that communicate real-time traffic 
information to vehicles in the area. 

We serve the worldwide automotive and light truck market in both our Seating and E-Systems segments. We have automotive 
content on more than 400 vehicle nameplates worldwide and serve all of the world’s major automotive manufacturers across 
our businesses and various component categories in both our Seating and E-Systems segments. It is common to have both 
seating and electrical content on the same and multiple vehicle platforms with a single customer. In addition, our electrical 
components are increasingly integrated into our complete seat systems, as the new technologies, functions and features that we 
are developing in our Seating business are often enabled by electronic sensors, software and controls. We are the only global 
automotive supplier with significant capabilities in electronics, software and seating. Our businesses benefit globally from 
leveraging common operating standards and disciplines, including world-class product development and manufacturing 
processes, as well as common customer support and regional infrastructures. Our core capabilities are shared across component 
categories and include high-precision manufacturing and assembly with short lead times, management of complex supply 
chains, global engineering and program management skills, the agility to establish and/or move facilities quickly and a unique 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   17

 
 

customer-focused culture. Our businesses utilize proprietary, industry-specific processes and standards, leverage common low-
cost engineering centers and share centralized operating support functions, such as logistics, supply chain management, quality 
and health and safety, as well as all major administrative functions. 

Available Information on our Website 
Our website address is http://www.lear.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, the periodic reports that we file 
with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), as well as all amendments to these reports, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC. We also make available on our website or in 
printed form upon request, free of charge, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (which 
includes specific provisions for our executive officers), charters for the standing committees of our Board of Directors and other 
information related to the Company. We are not including the information contained on our website as a part of, or 
incorporating it by reference into, this Report. 
The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, 
N.E., Washington D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling 
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and 
information statements and other information related to issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

History 
Lear was founded in Detroit in 1917 as American Metal Products, a manufacturer of seating assemblies and other components 
for the automotive and aircraft industries, and was incorporated in Delaware in 1987. Through a management-led buyout in 
1988, Lear Corporation established itself as a privately-held seat assembly operation for the North American automobile market 
with annual sales of approximately $900 million. We completed an initial public offering in 1994 and developed into a global 
supplier through organic growth and a series of acquisitions. 
In May 1999, we acquired UT Automotive, Inc. ("UT Automotive") from United Technologies Corporation. UT Automotive 
was a leading supplier of automotive electrical distribution systems. The acquisition of UT Automotive represented our entry 
into automotive electrical and electronic systems and was the basis for our current E-Systems segment. 
We have subsequently augmented our internal growth plans with selective acquisitions to expand our component capabilities 
and global footprint, as well as expand our technology portfolio: 

•  

•  

•  

•  

•  

•  

•  

In May 2012, we acquired Guilford Mills, a leading supplier of automotive seat and interior fabric, from Cerberus 
Capital Management, L.P., for approximately $243 million. 
In January 2015, we acquired Everett Smith Group, Ltd., the parent company of Eagle Ottawa, LLC ("Eagle Ottawa"), 
the world's leading provider of leather for the automotive industry, for approximately $844 million. 
In August 2015, we acquired intellectual property and technology from Autonet Mobile, a developer of wireless 
communication software and devices for automotive applications. 
In November 2015, we completed the acquisition of Arada Systems Inc., an automotive technology company that 
specializes in vehicle-to-vehicle ("V2V") and vehicle-to-infrastructure ("V2I" and together with V2V, "V2X") 
communications. 
In December 2016, we acquired AccuMED Holdings Corp. ("AccuMED"), a privately-held developer and 
manufacturer of specialty fabrics, for approximately $149 million. AccuMED provides innovative fabric processing 
technology that will benefit our automotive fabric operations and adds scale to our existing non-automotive fabric 
products. 
In April 2017, we acquired Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business ("Antolin Seating") for approximately $292 
million. Antolin Seating is headquartered in France with operations in five countries in Europe and North Africa. The 
Antolin Seating business is comprised of just-in-time seat assembly, as well as seat structures, mechanisms and seat 
covers. Antolin Seating has modern facilities and a reputation for lean manufacturing, superior quality and innovation, 
including high-functionality and light-weight seat designs. 
In January 2018, we acquired Israel-based EXO Technologies, a leading developer of differentiated GPS technology 
providing high-accuracy positioning solutions for autonomous and connected vehicle applications. 

 

18   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Industry and Strategy 
We supply all vehicle segments of the automotive light vehicle original equipment market in every major automotive producing 
region in the world. Our sales are driven by the number of vehicles produced by the automotive manufacturers, which is 
ultimately dependent on consumer demand for automotive vehicles, and our content per vehicle. Global automotive industry 
production volumes improved 5% in 2016 from the prior year and another 2% in 2017 to a record 93.3 million units.  
Details on light vehicle production in certain key regions for 2017 and 2016 are provided below. Our actual results are impacted 
by the specific mix of products within each market, as well as other factors described in Item 1A, "Risk Factors." 

(In thousands of units) 
North America 
Europe and Africa 
Asia 
South America 
Other 
Total 

2017 (1) 
17,128.4
22,947.0
48,233.3
3,115.2
1,913.0
93,336.9

2016 (1, 2) 
17,836.7   
22,311.5   
47,054.4   
2,567.8   
1,582.1   
91,352.5   

  % Change 
(4)% 
3% 
3% 
21% 
21% 
2% 

(1)  Production data based on IHS Automotive. 
(2)  Production data for 2016 has been updated to reflect actual production levels. 

Details on light vehicle production in certain emerging markets for 2017 and 2016 are provided below.  

(In thousands of units) 
China 
India 
Brazil 
Russia 

2017 (1) 
26,289.2
4,419.8
2,635.1
1,444.0

2016 (1, 2) 
25,712.1   
4,140.2   
2,091.9   
1,218.8   

  % Change 

2% 
7% 
26% 
18% 

(1)  Production data based on IHS Automotive. 
(2)  Production data for 2016 has been updated to reflect actual production levels. 
Details on our sales in certain key regions for 2017 and 2016 are provided below. 

(In millions) 
North America 
Europe and Africa 
Asia 
South America 
Total 
 
China (consolidated) 
China (non-consolidated) 

$

$
 
$

2017 
7,788.1 $
8,136.5
3,794.9
747.5

20,467.0 $
 
2,519.3 $
1,500.1

2016 
7,523.6   
7,051.8   
3,444.6   
537.6   
18,557.6   
   
2,277.6   
1,598.6   

4% 
15% 
10% 
39% 
10% 

11% 
(6)% 

  % Change 

A growing trend toward crossover and sport utility vehicles has benefited our business, as our content on such vehicles can be 
significantly higher than average, particularly in our Seating segment. Crossover and sport utility vehicle production has grown 
to approximately 33% of total vehicle production in 2017, up from 18% of total vehicle production five years ago. China has 
been a major driver of this trend, where crossover and sport utility vehicle production now comprises approximately 39% of 
total vehicle production, up from 12% of total vehicle production five years ago. 
Key trends that specifically affect our business include automotive manufacturers’ utilization of global vehicle platforms, 
increasing demand for luxury and performance features, including increasing levels of electrical and electronic content, and 
China’s emergence as the single largest major automotive market in the world with above average long-term growth 
expectations. 
Our strategy is built on addressing these trends and the major imperatives for success as an automotive supplier: quality, cost 
and efficiency and innovation and technology. We have expanded key component and software capabilities through organic 
investment and acquisitions to ensure a full complement of the best solutions for our customers. We have restructured, and 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   19

 
 

continue to align, our manufacturing and engineering footprint to attain a leading competitive cost position globally. We have 
established or expanded activities in new and growing markets, especially China, in support of our customers’ growth and 
global platform initiatives. These initiatives have helped us achieve our financial goals overall, as well as a more balanced 
regional, customer and vehicle segment diversification in our business. 
In addition, we believe that the trends of efficiency, connectivity and safety are rapidly evolving and advancing into the 
following technology trends that are likely to be at the forefront of our industry for the foreseeable future with each converging 
long-term toward fully autonomous, connected, electric or hybrid electric vehicles: 

•   Electrification - Demand for more energy efficient vehicles is increasing, both from customers to meet stricter fuel 
economy and emissions standards and from a growing segment of consumers to reduce the environmental impact of 
automobiles. This requires further use of electronically controlled and assisted powertrains and related components to 
improve fuel efficiency and the adoption of alternative energy powertrains, such as 48-volt mild hybrid, full hybrid, 
hybrid electric and high power battery electric, that facilitate electrification of the vehicle, as well as the use of lighter 
weight materials throughout the vehicle. 

•   Connectivity - Customer and consumer demands for constant communication and information exchange with the 

vehicle continue to increase. What began with consumer demand to extend and integrate mobile connectivity into the 
vehicle by connecting mobile devices with vehicle infotainment systems is evolving such that the vehicle itself will 
have an embedded, direct line of wireless communication connecting the vehicle with various networks (e.g., cellular, 
infrastructure, satellite, etc.) and other vehicles. We expect these trends to continue, making the vehicle a constantly 
connected device, receiving and transmitting data through a variety of signals, which communicate directly with on-
board vehicle systems. 

•   Autonomy/Advanced Driver Assistance - Customer and consumer demands are evolving from safety features and 
systems that protect vehicle occupants when a crash occurs to advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) that help 
prevent crashes by assisting in the vehicle’s operation under certain conditions. The development of automated 
intervention uses many of the same core technologies that will enable vehicles to drive autonomously under an 
increasing variety of driving conditions. 

These trends are becoming widely accepted and are also attracting new, non-traditional participants in the automotive industry 
that are leveraging technology, vehicle electrification and consumer relationships to exploit growth opportunities in the 
industry. Regulation is also a major influence on these trends, as government mandates (e.g., for vehicles to meet minimum fuel 
economy and emissions standards or be equipped with certain safety-related components) are driving vehicle design and 
technology plans. 
We are well positioned for growth by capitalizing on these trends as we supply high value systems and components that drive 
critical functionality and core elements of the vehicle’s electrical architecture and design. The systems and components that we 
design, develop and manufacture facilitate and support more fuel efficient or fully electrically-powered alternative powertrains, 
facilitate connectivity of various vehicle systems, and impact a vehicle’s safety, crashworthiness and readiness for autonomous 
driving systems. Many of our systems and components also directly impact the consumer, providing us with the opportunity to 
offer our automotive customers technology, solutions and designs that will differentiate their vehicles in the consumer 
marketplace. 
We are well positioned to directly participate in the connectivity trend as we design, develop and supply systems, components 
and software that connect the various electrical and electronic systems within the vehicle into integrated on-board power and 
data communication networks. We further have the technology and expertise to wirelessly and securely connect these on-board 
vehicle networks and systems with external networks over various standards and protocols. This expertise allows us to offer our 
automotive customers electronic modules, such as connected gateway modules, that offer functionality such as over-the-air 
software updates or cellular communication of vehicle performance data to the automotive manufacturers, their dealers or the 
vehicle owners. Our expertise in V2X technology allows us to provide in-vehicle and roadside modules and software that 
facilitate direct, high speed communication between vehicles and road infrastructure. Importantly, we have expertise in 
cybersecurity, including architectures, designs and techniques that promote highly secure transmission of data to, from and 
within the vehicle, as well as road infrastructure. 
Furthermore, a seat is an active part of the vehicle safety system. As a result of our innovative product design and technology 
capabilities, we are able to provide seats with enhanced safety features, such as the active head restraint and seat structures that 
withstand collision impact well in excess of what is demanded by regulatory agencies. We have developed products and 
materials to reduce cost and enhance seat design and packaging flexibility, including our mini recliners and micro adjust tracks. 
Another way in which we are well positioned to benefit from this trend-related growth is our belief that the seat system will 
become increasingly more sophisticated, dynamic and connected to both the occupants and the vehicle. The seat is the logical 
focal point for monitoring the driver and passenger and for facilitating feedback between the vehicle and the occupants. Our 
capabilities in V2X communications and applications position us to provide high speed communication between vehicles, even 

 

20   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

in extreme weather conditions, potentially reducing crashes through real-time advisories alerting drivers to imminent hazards in 
the roadway ahead, including other vehicles on a potential path for collision. 
Continued growth in more fuel efficient, complex and electronically controlled powertrains is helping to drive content growth 
in the vehicle's electrical distribution system. The emergence and continued development of alternative energy powertrains, 
including electric, hybrid electric, 48-volt mild hybrid and other technologies, is driving growth in high power electric systems 
and components. Hybrid and electric vehicles incorporate both high power and low power components. As a result, they offer a 
significant incremental content opportunity for us of up to $2,000 per vehicle for full electric vehicle architectures. These trends 
all support continued growth in electrical and electronic content on the vehicle, as well as associated software. This content 
growth will require far more complex vehicle electrical architectures. Our significant experience designing and manufacturing 
highly integrated and standardized architectures that optimize size, performance and quality leaves us well positioned to take 
advantage of the growth in electrical content and the increasingly complex architectures. 
We believe that the convergence of these technology trends and eventual wide-spread adoption of autonomous vehicles will 
benefit both our Seating and E-Systems segments. We believe that autonomous vehicles will have seat designs and 
requirements that are far more flexible and demanding in both autonomous and piloted driving states. Further, more active 
monitoring of the driver and the driver’s position and physical state will be required to manage the transitions between 
autonomous and piloted driving conditions. A demand for mobility services and on-demand transportation from providers such 
as Uber or Lyft is helping to drive interest and growth in these technology trends, particularly fully autonomous vehicles. The 
increasing prevalence of mobility services will potentially create a new segment of autonomous vehicle fleet customers with 
unique vehicle technology and design needs, including more flexible, durable and connected seating solutions for a wide range 
of passengers. Not only will autonomous vehicles need to be fully connected and networked to maximize their safety and 
efficiency, their power consumption will be significantly higher to support the array of sensors and processing power required 
to operate such vehicles. 

Seating Segment 
Lear is a recognized global leader in complete automotive seat systems and key individual seat components. The Seating 
segment consists of the design, development, engineering, just-in-time assembly and delivery of complete seat systems, as well 
as the design, development, engineering and manufacture of all major seat components, including seat covers and surface 
materials such as leather and fabric, seat structures and mechanisms, seat foam and headrests, as well as seating-related 
electrical and electronics (including software products). We believe that we have the most complete set of component offerings 
of any automotive seating supplier and are a market leader in every automotive producing market in the world. Further, we 
have expertise and are building capabilities in seat comfort technologies, including heating and cooling through technology 
partnerships and design-integrated supplier solutions. Overall, our global manufacturing and engineering expertise, low-cost 
footprint, complete component capabilities, quality leadership and strong customer relationships provide us with a solid 
platform for future growth in this segment. 
We produce seat systems that are fully assembled and ready for installation in automobiles and light trucks. Seat systems are 
generally designed and engineered for specific vehicle models or platforms. We develop seat systems and components for all 
vehicle segments from compact cars to full-size sport utility vehicles. We are the world leader in luxury and performance 
automotive seating, providing craftsmanship, elegance in design, use of innovative materials and industry-leading technology 
required by premium brands, including Alfa Romeo, Audi, BMW, Cadillac, Ferrari, Jaguar Land Rover, Lamborghini, Lincoln, 
Maserati, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche. 
We have been executing a strategy for vertical integration of key seat components to enhance growth, improve quality, increase 
profitability and support our current market position in just-in-time seat assembly. In this regard, our capabilities in seat 
structures and mechanisms include complete development and manufacturing capabilities in every major automotive producing 
region in the world. In addition, we have developed standardized seat structures and mechanisms that can be adapted to 
multiple segments to minimize investment costs. We believe that our low-cost manufacturing footprint in seat structures and 
mechanisms and our precision engineered seat mechanism expertise are competitive advantages. 
We have also expanded our seat cover operations, including precision cutting, assembly, sewing and lamination of seat fabric, 
in low-cost markets, entered the fabric business (largely through our acquisition of Guilford Mills) and added industry-leading 
leather design, development and manufacturing capabilities (through our acquisition of Eagle Ottawa). On a global basis, we 
can provide a full range of seat cover capabilities and design solutions, including the use of unique leather and fabric 
applications. We believe that the combination of these capabilities in seating surface materials leads the industry. 

Craftsmanship and Design (Crafted by LearTM) 
We believe that our broad portfolio of capabilities, including advanced design and material integration skills, is a differentiating 
competitive advantage for us. The breadth of our portfolio and depth of our design expertise allow us to have early involvement 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   21

 
 

in the automotive manufacturer’s design process and the opportunity to better integrate all seating components to provide 
differentiated design comfort, quality and overall value for the end consumer. We are leveraging our unique position to be an 
industry leader in differentiated design through our Center for Craftsmanship. This is a dedicated studio for customer interface 
where designers and engineers work collaboratively to create innovative solutions early in the design process. We have also 
developed a proprietary craftsmanship process called Harmonic Precision that synthesizes all of our component expertise and 
technologies with our customers’ design visions to create an objective analysis of the impact that the final design and execution 
will have in the marketplace. The team of experts at the Center for Craftsmanship has developed a portfolio of product 
technologies that deliver differentiated design, craftsmanship, comfort and sustainable products, including IMPACT by LearTM, 
a selection of premium textiles and leathers that include both sustainable materials and processes such as natural fibers, fibers 
made from certified recycled stock, olive tanned leathers and 100% water-based leather finishing to reduce our impact on the 
environment.  ComforCoreTM, a knit product that provides superior comfort profiles while reducing the use of petroleum-
derived foam products, and Contour ConnectTM enable the strong design lines and thinner seating profiles our customers are 
designing into the automotive interiors of the future.  We believe that our unmatched component capabilities, design know-how, 
global manufacturing presence and our Crafted by LearTM portfolio of enabling and sustainable technologies uniquely position 
us to bring innovative designs into production with the highest level of craftsmanship. 

Intelligent Seating (INTUTM Seating) 
The seat is emerging as an integral device facilitating the direct connection between drivers and passengers and the vehicle. 
This direct connection will increasingly support the functionality of connected and autonomous vehicles. We believe that we 
are the only seating supplier with both global capabilities in all major seat components and global electronics development 
(including software), manufacturing and integration. We believe that the seat will increasingly integrate electronics, not only for 
motorized control, but for dynamic sensing and response. We have developed active sensing and comfort seat capabilities, 
utilizing electronically controlled sensor and adjustment systems and internally developed algorithms. These seat designs 
automatically and constantly adjust the seat's cushioning and support based on the occupant’s position and ideal alignment for 
health and wellness. We are also developing technologies that will monitor certain bio-metric readings through seat sensors 
with a high level of accuracy and reliability. We believe that intelligent and dynamic seating solutions, which we call INTUTM 
Seating, will provide future benefits as consumers and automotive manufacturers demand seats that can sense key attributes of 
a driver and passenger and communicate these attributes within the vehicle network, as well as to external networks. Our seats 
will intuitively anticipate and dynamically adjust to the occupant's needs and preferences related to posture, health and 
wellness, comfort and safety. We believe that the seat will increasingly become a more dynamic and integrated system that will 
actively react to both the driver and driving conditions, particularly with the advent of autonomous vehicles. Such trends will 
promote increased levels of electrical and electronic integration into the seat, accelerating the convergence of our Seating and 
E-Systems businesses. 

Adaptive Seating Architecture (Drop & GoTM) 
Our Drop & GoTM adaptive seating solution provides enhanced flexibility and cargo management for crossovers, SUVs and 
passenger vans, while delivering seat electrification. Drop & GoTM is well-suited for ever-changing consumer lifestyles, 
including the increasing use of on-demand transportation from providers such as Uber and Lyft. Enabled by advanced interface 
modules integrated into the seat structure and full-length floor-mounted tracks, Drop & GoTM allows virtually limitless 
configurations of seats including full removal.  Drop & GoTM also allows optional functionality, such as storage and transport of 
equipment for sports and other activities, executive seating and special application seating. 

Manufacturing 
Our seat assembly facilities use lean manufacturing techniques, and our finished products are delivered to the automotive 
manufacturers on a just-in-time basis, matching our customers’ exact build specifications for a particular day, shift and 
sequence thereby reducing inventories to optimum levels. These facilities are typically located adjacent to or near our 
customers’ manufacturing and assembly sites. Increasingly, we are utilizing component and sub-assembly designs that allow us 
to drive higher efficiencies in our seat assembly facilities and further integrate certain assembly activities with our core 
component manufacturing operations. Our seat components, including recliner mechanisms, seat tracks and seat trim covers, 
leather and fabric are manufactured in batches, typically utilizing facilities in low-cost regions. 

Financial Summary 
A summary of revenues from external customers and other financial information for our Seating segment is shown below. For 
additional information regarding the operating results of our Seating segment, see Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations." For additional information regarding 
Lear’s total sales and long-lived assets by geographic area, as well as customer concentrations, see Note 12, "Segment 

 

22   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Reporting," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. The top five customers of this segment are: 
General Motors, Ford, BMW, Fiat Chrysler and Daimler. 
(In millions) 
Revenues from external customers 
Segment earnings (1) 
Depreciation and amortization 
Capital expenditures 
Total assets 

14,356.7    $ 
1,136.0   
258.1   
341.6   
6,199.2   

15,873.0 $
1,250.8
289.5
398.3
7,303.4

2017 

2016 

$

 

2015 

14,098.5
907.0
239.3
317.2
5,780.7

(1)  As discussed in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Segment Reporting," segment earnings represents pretax income before equity 

in net income of affiliates, interest expense and other expense. 

Competition 
Based on independent market studies and management estimates, we believe that we hold the #2 position in seat systems 
assembly globally on the basis of revenue with strong positions in all major markets. We estimate the global seat systems 
market at more than $65 billion in 2017. We are a leading supplier of various components produced for complete seat systems. 
Our primary competitor in this segment globally is Adient, plc. Other competitors in this segment include Faurecia S.A., Toyota 
Boshoku Corporation, TS Tech Co., Ltd. and Magna International Inc., which have varying market presence depending on the 
region, country or automotive manufacturer. Peugeot S.A., Toyota Motor Corporation and Honda Motor Co. Ltd. hold equity 
ownership positions in Faurecia S.A., Toyota Boshoku Corporation and TS Tech Co., Ltd., respectively. Other automotive 
manufacturers maintain a presence in the seat systems market through wholly owned subsidiaries or in-house operations. In 
seat components, we compete with the seat systems suppliers identified above, as well as certain suppliers that specialize in 
particular components. 

Technology 
We maintain state-of-the-art testing, instrumentation and data analysis capabilities. We own industry-leading seat validation test 
centers featuring crashworthiness, durability and full acoustic and sound quality testing capabilities. Together with computer-
controlled data acquisition and analysis capabilities, these centers provide precisely controlled laboratory conditions for 
sophisticated testing of parts, materials and systems. In addition, we incorporate many convenience, comfort and safety features 
into our designs, including advanced whiplash prevention concepts, integrated restraint seat systems and side impact airbags. 
We also invest in our computer-aided engineering design and computer-aided manufacturing systems. 
We also are investing in seat heating and cooling capabilities and technologies. We have added expertise in this area internally 
and through a strategic partnership for thermoelectric seat heating and cooling technology. The addition of seat heating and 
cooling to our existing capabilities and technologies in seat fabric, premium leather and seat cover sewing, as well as seat foam 
and seat structures, allows us to offer unique seat designs and the most complete range of seat features. 
We have developed products and materials to improve comfort and ease of adjustment, promote customization and styling 
flexibility, increase durability and reliability, enhance safety, expand the usage of environmentally friendly materials and reduce 
cost and weight. ProActive™ Seating uses proprietary MySeat by Lear™ technology powered by our TheraMetric™ analytical 
process. This process is derived from our research to provide a driver with a seating position that promotes better posture and 
cumulative wellness benefits. ProActive™ Seating has been endorsed by the American Chiropractic Association, International 
Chiropractors Association, World Federation of Chiropractic and Loomis Institute of Enzyme Nutrition. Our Lear Crafted 
Comfort Connect™ and Advanced Comfort Systems™ are adjustable cushions, seat backs and side bolsters which support 
correct posture and provide improved comfort and appearance. Our Guilford TeXstyle™ fabrics provide customizable fabric 
engineered to improve the vehicle experience and durability, and our TeXstyle™ Enhance offerings provide a range of 
secondary embellishment technologies to enhance standard fabrics, enabling unique design within an array of fabric choices. 
Our proprietary, anti-soiling performance leather finishing technology, Ansolé™, improves durability and protects against 
fading. Our head restraints provide improved comfort and safety with adjustability. Our high speed smart fold technology is a 
regulated high speed folding adjustment mechanism that delivers premium convenience while maintaining leading safety and 
comfort benefits. Our mini recliners and micro adjust tracks are seat mechanisms, which provide precision movement and 
facilitate interior packaging space flexibility. Our Dynamic Environmental Comfort Systems™ utilize environmentally friendly 
materials and offer weight reductions of 30% - 40%, as compared to current foam seat designs. Our SoyFoam™ seats, which 
are used by multiple global customers, are up to 24% renewable, as compared to non-renewable, petroleum-based foam seats. 
For additional factors that may impact our Seating segment’s business, financial condition, operating results and/or cash flows, 
see Item 1A, "Risk Factors." 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   23

 
 

E-Systems Segment 
The E-Systems segment consists of the design, development, engineering, manufacture, assembly and supply of electrical 
distribution systems, electronic modules and related components and software for light vehicles globally. We are a leader in 
power management and signal distribution within the vehicle for traditional vehicle architectures, as well as high power and 
hybrid electric systems. We have connectivity hardware and software capabilities, including cybersecurity expertise, that 
facilitate secure, wireless communication between the vehicle’s electrical and electronic architecture and external networks, as 
well as other vehicles. 

Electrical Distribution Systems 
Electrical distribution systems route electrical signals and manage electrical power within the vehicle for traditional vehicle 
architectures, as well as high power and hybrid electric systems. Key components in the electrical distribution system include 
wire harnesses, terminals and connectors and junction boxes, including components for high power and hybrid electric systems. 
Wire harness assemblies are a collection of wiring and terminals and connectors that link all of the various electrical and 
electronic devices within the vehicle to each other and/or to a power source. Wire harness assemblies are a collection of 
individual circuits fabricated from raw and insulated wire, which is automatically cut to length and terminated during the 
manufacturing process. Individual circuits are assembled together on a jig or table, inserted into connectors and wrapped or 
taped to form wire harness assemblies. The assembly process is labor intensive, and as a result, production is generally 
performed in low-cost labor sites in Mexico, Honduras, Brazil, Eastern Europe, Africa, China, the Philippines and Thailand. 
Terminals and connectors include conductive metal components and connector housings that join wire harness assemblies 
together at their respective end points or connect devices to wire harness assemblies. Terminals and connectors can vary 
significantly in size and complexity depending on the amount of power or data being transferred and the number of connections 
being made at any particular point in the electrical distribution system. Terminals and connectors are currently manufactured in 
Germany, Eastern Europe, China and the United States. 
Junction boxes are centrally located modules within the vehicle that contain fuses and/or relays for circuit and device protection 
and serve as a connection point for multiple wire harnesses. Junction boxes are manufactured in Mexico, Europe, Northern 
Africa, China and the Philippines with a proprietary, capital-intensive assembly process using printed circuit boards, a portion 
of which are purchased from third-party suppliers. Certain materials, particularly certain specialized electronic components, are 
available from a limited number of suppliers. Proprietary features have been developed to improve the function of these 
junction boxes in harsh environments, including extreme temperatures and humidity. 

Advanced Efficiency Systems 
Our advanced efficiency systems group is dedicated to the development of high power and hybrid electric systems and 
components, including wiring, terminals and connectors and power electronics. We have products and technologies that enable 
the varying degrees of powertrain electrification being employed by automotive manufacturers today from 48-volt mild hybrid 
vehicles to full electric vehicles. Our products include on-board conductive and inductive charging systems, inverters and 
converters, charge cord sets, high voltage electrical distribution systems and battery monitoring technology. Our global center 
for Advanced Efficiency Systems and high power applications is in Southfield, Michigan with full development capabilities 
also located in Valls, Spain. We are supplying, or will supply, high voltage components and systems for hybrid and electric 
vehicles produced by BMW, Daimler, Fiat Chrysler, General Motors, Jaguar Land Rover, Renault-Nissan, Volkswagen and 
Volvo. We believe that our expertise in high power electrical distribution systems will provide additional growth opportunities 
going forward and will be beneficial with the entrance of technology and emergent companies focusing on electric or other 
alternative powertrain designs. 

Electronics 
In our E-Systems segment, we also design, develop, engineer and manufacture electronics, which control various functions 
within the vehicle, as well as develop and integrate the associated software for these electronic modules. Our electronic 
modules include body control modules, smart junction boxes, gateway modules, wireless control modules, lighting control 
modules and audio domain controllers and amplifiers. Our engineering and development activities for electronics are in the 
United States (Southfield, Michigan and Northern California), Belgium, Germany, Spain, China and India. We assemble these 
modules using high-speed surface mount placement equipment in Mexico, Europe, Northern Africa, China and the Philippines. 
Body control modules primarily control vehicle interior functions outside of the vehicle’s head unit or infotainment system. 
Depending on the vehicle’s electrical and electronic architecture, these modules can be either highly integrated, consolidating 
multiple functional controls into a single module, or focus on a specific function, such as seat position and comfort controls or 
the door zone control module which controls features such as window lift, door lock and power mirrors. As electronic control 
modules became increasingly centralized and integrated, we developed "smart junction boxes," which are junction boxes 

 

24   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

augmented with integrated electronic functionality that otherwise would be contained in other body control modules. The 
integration of functionality in our smart junction boxes eliminates interconnections, increases overall system reliability and can 
consolidate the number of electronic modules within the vehicle. This can lead to reduced cost and complexity. We believe that 
our expertise in consolidating functional controls into integrated modules and integrating these modules into the vehicle’s 
electrical and electronic architecture is a competitive strength. 
We develop and produce gateway modules, which facilitate secure access to, and communication with, all of the vehicle 
systems at a central point and translate various signals to facilitate data exchange across various vehicle domains. This gateway 
becomes increasingly important as formerly distinct vehicle systems increasingly must work in concert with one another. We 
also offer wireless functionality in both integrated and stand-alone modules, which send and receive signals using radio 
frequency technology. Our wireless systems include passive entry systems, remote keyless entry and dual range/dual function 
remote keyless entry systems. We are building on both our core gateway and wireless capabilities as we add and develop higher 
levels of data and signal connectivity in and out of the vehicle. 
Our electronics product offerings also include lighting control modules, which provide the electronic control logic and 
diagnostics for increasingly advanced and complex vehicle lighting systems, including advanced driver assistance-integrated 
lighting solutions utilizing advanced LED matrix beam technology. We supply LED lighting control systems for vehicle 
interiors and exteriors. In addition, we offer audio electronics, including premium audio amplifiers and complete vehicle sound 
system development capabilities with advanced domain control and audio tuning. 
The higher level of complexity and processing power in these electronic control modules is driving rapid increases in software 
requirements associated with these modules. Accordingly, we continue to build on our knowledge and capabilities in software 
in order to design and develop more complex and integrated electronic control modules capable of more efficiently managing 
the distribution of power and data signals through the vehicle. 

Connectivity 
We are building connectivity capabilities that facilitate secure, wireless communication between the vehicle’s systems and 
external networks, as well as other vehicles. Our connectivity strategy is based on leveraging our expertise in vehicle electrical 
and electronic architecture design and development, electronic module functional integration, gateway module data exchange 
and core wireless signals. We are building capabilities organically through internal investment and through acquisition and 
partnership. Recent transactions added technology that directly connects on-board vehicle systems with cloud-based 
applications using proprietary, secure data exchange capabilities via cellular networks and V2X hardware and software 
solutions utilizing various wireless communications protocols, as well as vehicle positioning through GNSS satellite 
communications. This includes the development of differentiated GPS technology, which provides high-accuracy positioning 
solutions for autonomous and connected vehicle applications. 
These capabilities, combined with our vehicle electrical and electronic architecture expertise and products, allow us to offer our 
customers embedded modules and software that facilitate direct and secure connectivity between the vehicle and external 
networks. Products that we can offer will include connected gateway modules with an array of features including over-the-air 
software update capabilities, embedded cellular communication modules, e-Call modules that automatically contact emergency 
services in the event of a crash and both on-board and roadside units that facilitate V2X communications. We combine these 
offerings with cybersecurity expertise and software solutions to permit highly secure communications and defend against 
cybersecurity attacks. Our expertise in both core body controls and connectivity allows us to offer "Virtual CarKey" capabilities 
that securely enable vehicle access via a smartphone. 

Financial Summary 
A summary of revenues from external customers and other financial information for our E-Systems segment is shown below. 
For additional information regarding the operating results of our E-Systems segment, see Item 7, "Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations." For additional information regarding 
Lear’s total sales and long-lived assets by geographic area, as well as customer concentrations, see Note 12, "Segment 
Reporting," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. The top five customers of this segment are: Ford, 
General Motors, Renault-Nissan, Jaguar Land Rover and BMW. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   25

 
 
 

(In millions) 
Revenues from external customers 
Segment earnings (1) 
Depreciation and amortization 
Capital expenditures 
Total assets 

$

2017 

4,594.0 $

641.6
123.4
176.3
2,268.0

2016 

 

4,200.9     $ 

591.3   
107.6   
162.4   
1,675.9   

2015 

4,112.9
554.4
99.3
134.4
1,572.9

(1)  As discussed in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Segment Reporting," segment earnings represents pretax income before equity 

in net income of affiliates, interest expense and other expense. 

Competition 
We estimate the global target market for our E-Systems business to be over $90 billion. Our major competitors in electrical 
distribution systems include Aptiv PLC, Leoni AG, Molex Incorporated (a subsidiary of Koch Industries Inc.), Sumitomo 
Corporation, TE Connectivity and Yazaki Corporation. Our major competitors in electronic modules, including connectivity 
solutions, include Aptiv PLC, Continental AG, Denso Corporation, Harman International Industries, Incorporated (acquired by 
Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. in 2017), Hella AG, Robert Bosch GmbH, Valeo S.A. and Visteon Corporation. 

Technology 
The E-Systems segment is technology driven and typically requires higher investment as a percentage of sales than our Seating 
segment. Our complete electrical distribution system design capabilities, coupled with certain market-leading component 
technologies, allow access to our customers’ development teams, which provides an early indication of our customers’ product 
needs and enables us to develop system design efficiencies. Our ability to design and integrate electronic modules creates a 
competitive advantage as we support customers with complete electrical architecture development. Our expertise is developed 
and delivered by approximately 2,400 engineers across seventeen countries and is led by five global technology centers of 
excellence in Belgium, China, Germany, Spain and the United States for each of our major product lines in this segment, which 
are described below. 
In electrical distribution systems, our technology includes expertise in the design and use of alternative conductor materials, 
such as aluminum, copper-clad steel and other hybrid alloys. Alternative conductor materials can enable the use of ultra small 
gauge conductors, which reduce the weight and packaging size of electrical distribution systems. We also have developed 
proprietary manufacturing process technologies, such as our vertical manufacturing system that features three dimensional wire 
harness assembly boards. Our expertise in terminals and connectors technology facilitates our ability to implement these small 
gauge and alternative alloy conductors. We have developed advanced capabilities in aluminum terminals and aluminum wire 
termination, ultra small gauge termination, and high voltage terminals and connectors. We have developed high packaging 
density in-line connectors and new small gauge terminals that will enable wire gauge reduction and provide our customers with 
smaller and lower cost solutions. Our high voltage terminals and connectors are a part of our advanced efficiency systems 
capabilities, and we have established a leading capability in power density (power per packaging size) that is being adopted by 
multiple automakers. Our advanced efficiency systems and components for high voltage vehicle applications have achieved 
industry leading efficiency, packaging and reliability. We continue to build on our strong technology position for high voltage 
applications and have developed an 11kW wireless charging system that enables electric vehicles to safely recharge at the 
highest power level available without plugging in the vehicle. We have 625 patents issued or applied for in the advanced 
efficiency systems product technology area. These technologies are supported by our proprietary Virtual Proving Grounds, 
which is an industry-leading suite of in-house developed tools and processes to significantly reduce the design, development, 
and validation testing time and expense.  
In electronics, we are a market leader in smart junction box technology and began production of our Automotive News PACE 
Award winning Solid State Smart Junction Box™ in 2016. We continue to refine our smart junction box technology, including 
the development of aluminum printed circuit boards. We have developed body control modules with dual core microprocessors 
that allow body control and gateway functionality in a single module. We are a leader in gateway module technology and have 
capabilities to enable our gateway and other electronic control modules to efficiently and securely manage the increasing 
amount of both wired and wireless signals running throughout, as well as within and outside of, the vehicle, including being 
first-to-market with an ethernet-enabled gateway module. We also have developed wireless products, such as lower-cost 
passive entry systems with improved security using ultra wide band technology and that feature our 2-way remote keyless entry 
systems that enable the vehicle to provide feedback to the consumer, such as verification that the doors have locked or that the 
engine has started. In lighting, we have developed advanced technology electronic controls, including a Matrix LED Control 
System capable of individually dimming and switching on/off up to 100 LEDs. This system enables steerable light beams and 
other advanced lighting features and can be paired with driver assistance system sensors for functionality, such as automatic 

 

26   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

high beam management and obstacle highlighting. In audio, we have developed an ethernet audio video bridging amplifier that 
facilitates faster processing of digital data at a lower cost. 
Software remains a critical element of our E-Systems business. Software capabilities are becoming more important in the 
management of complex and highly sophisticated electrical architectures. Software within the vehicle is rapidly growing as a 
key element of technological innovation and a cost effective way to provide new features and functions. We currently employ 
more than 600 software engineers globally and are pursuing expansion of specialized capabilities in vehicle networking, 
encryption, cybersecurity and connectivity protocols. We have expanded our software development capabilities through 
acquisition, internal investment and strategic hires, building on our architecture and power management capabilities with 
expertise in wireless communication and vehicle positioning software and cybersecurity. As part of our strategy to provide 
vehicle cybersecurity solutions to our customers, we have developed a firewall module, including proprietary software, which 
protects the vehicle from cybersecurity intrusion through one of its most vulnerable points, the on-board diagnostic port. We 
also have enhanced our V2X product line by adding secure, over-the-air software update capabilities to our V2X modules, 
allowing these units to receive regular software upgrades, which provide additional applications and functionality. 
For additional factors that may impact our E-Systems segment’s business, financial condition, operating results and/or cash 
flows, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors." 

Customers 
In 2017, Ford and General Motors, two of the largest automotive and light truck manufacturers in the world, each accounted for 
18% of our net sales. We supply and have expertise in all vehicle segments of the automotive market. Our sales content tends to 
be higher on those vehicle platforms and segments which offer more features and functionality. The popularity of particular 
vehicle platforms and segments varies over time and by regional market. We expect to continue to win new business and grow 
sales at a greater rate than overall automotive industry production. For further information related to our customers and 
domestic and foreign sales and operations, see Note 12, "Segment Reporting," to the consolidated financial statements included 
in this Report. 
Our customers award business to their suppliers in a number of ways, including the award of complete systems, which allows 
suppliers either to manufacture components internally or to purchase components from other suppliers at their 
discretion. Certain of our customers also elect to award certain components directly to component suppliers and independent of 
the award of the complete system. We have been selectively expanding our component capabilities and investing in 
manufacturing capacity in low-cost regions in order to maximize our participation in such component sourcing. 
Our customers typically award contracts several years before actual production is scheduled to begin. Each year, the automotive 
manufacturers introduce new models, update existing models and discontinue certain models and, recently, even complete 
brands. In this process, we may be selected as the supplier on a new model, we may continue as the supplier on an updated 
model or we may lose a new or updated model to a competitor. Our sales backlog reflects estimated net sales over the next 
three years from formally awarded new programs, less lost and discontinued programs. This measure excludes the sales 
backlog at our non-consolidated joint ventures. As of January 2018, our 2018 to 2020 sales backlog is $3.2 billion, an increase 
of 14% as compared to our sales backlog as of January 2017. Our current sales backlog reflects $1.2 billion related to 2018 and 
60% and 40% related to our Seating and E-Systems segments, respectively. In addition, our 2018 to 2020 sales backlog at our 
non-consolidated joint ventures is $700 million. Our current sales backlog assumes volumes based on the independent industry 
projections of IHS Automotive as of December 2017 and a Euro exchange rate of $1.18 / Euro. This sales backlog is generally 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including vehicle production volumes on new and replacement programs and 
foreign exchange rates, as well as the timing of production launches and changes in customer development plans. For 
additional information regarding risks that may affect our sales backlog, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and Part II — Item 7, 
"Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Forward-Looking Statements." 
We receive purchase orders from our customers that generally provide for the supply of a customer’s annual requirements for a 
particular vehicle model and assembly plant, or in some cases, for the supply of a customer’s requirements for the life of a 
particular vehicle model, rather than for the purchase of a specified quantity of products. Although most purchase orders may 
be terminated by our customers at any time, such terminations have been minimal and have not had a material impact on our 
operating results. We are subject to risks that an automotive manufacturer will produce fewer units of a vehicle model than 
anticipated or that an automotive manufacturer will not award us a replacement program following the life of a vehicle model. 
To reduce our reliance on any one vehicle model, we produce automotive systems and components for a broad cross-section of 
both new and established models. However, larger cars and light trucks, as well as vehicle platforms that offer more features 
and functionality, such as luxury, sport utility and crossover vehicles, typically have more content and, therefore, tend to have a 
more significant impact on our operating performance. Our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2017, consisted of 43% 
passenger cars, 44% crossovers and SUVs and 13% trucks and vans. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   27

 
 

Our agreements with our major customers generally provide for an annual productivity price reduction. Historically, cost 
reductions through product design changes, increased manufacturing productivity and similar programs with our suppliers have 
generally offset these customer-imposed price reduction requirements. However, raw material, energy and commodity costs can 
be volatile. Although we have developed and implemented strategies to mitigate the impact of higher raw material, energy and 
commodity costs, these strategies, together with commercial negotiations with our customers and suppliers, typically offset 
only a portion of the adverse impact. Certain of these strategies also may limit our opportunities in a declining commodity 
environment. In addition, we are exposed to increasing market risk associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange as a result 
of our low-cost footprint and vertical integration strategies. We use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to 
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. For additional information regarding our foreign exchange and commodity price risk, 
see Part II — Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity 
and Financial Condition — Foreign Exchange" and "— Commodity Prices." 

Seasonality 
Our principal operations are directly related to the automotive industry. Consequently, we may experience seasonal fluctuations 
to the extent automotive vehicle production slows, such as in the summer months when many customer plants close for model 
year changeovers, in December when many customer plants close for the holidays and during periods of high vehicle inventory. 
See Note 14, "Quarterly Financial Data," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Raw Materials 
The principal raw materials used in our seat systems, electrical distribution systems and electronics are generally available and 
obtained from multiple suppliers under various types of supply agreements. Components, such as fabric, foam, leather, seat 
structures and mechanisms, terminals and connectors and certain other components are either manufactured by us internally or 
purchased from multiple suppliers under various types of supply agreements. The majority of the steel used in our products is 
comprised of fabricated components that are integrated into a seat system, such as seat frames, recliner mechanisms, seat tracks 
and other mechanical components. Therefore, our exposure to changes in steel prices is primarily indirect, through these 
purchased components. With the exception of certain terminals and connectors, the materials that we use to manufacture wire 
harness assemblies are substantially purchased from suppliers, including extruded and insulated wire and cable. The majority of 
our copper purchases are comprised of extruded wire and cable that we integrate into electrical wire harnesses. In general, our 
copper purchases, as well as a significant portion of our leather purchases, are subject to price index agreements with our 
customers. We utilize a combination of short-term and long-term supply contracts to purchase key components. We generally 
retain the right to terminate these agreements if our supplier does not remain competitive in terms of cost, quality, delivery, 
technology or customer support. 

Employees 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, our employment levels worldwide were approximately as follows: 

Region 
United States and Canada 
Mexico 
Central and South America 
Europe and Africa 
Asia 

Total 

2017 

2016 

9,900 
51,200 
14,900 
59,200 
29,800 
165,000 

9,900
48,700
11,100
52,600
26,100
148,400

A substantial number of our employees are members of unions or national trade organizations. We have collective bargaining 
agreements with several North American unions, including the United Auto Workers, Unifor, International Brotherhood of 
Electrical Workers and Workers United. Each of our unionized facilities in the United States and Canada has a separate 
collective bargaining agreement with the union that represents the workers at such facility, with each such agreement having an 
expiration date that is independent of the other agreements. The majority of our employees in Mexico and Europe are members 
of industrial trade union organizations or confederations within their respective countries. Many of these organizations and 
confederations operate under national contracts, which are not specific to any one employer. We have occasionally experienced 
labor disputes at our plants. We have been able to resolve all such labor disputes and believe our relations with our employees 
are generally good. 
See Item 1A, "Risk Factors — A significant labor dispute involving us or one or more of our customers or suppliers or that 
could otherwise affect our operations could adversely affect our financial performance," and Part II — Item 7, "Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Forward-Looking Statements." 

 

28   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Intellectual Property 
Worldwide, we have approximately 2,200 patents and patent applications pending. While we believe that our patent portfolio is 
a valuable asset, no individual patent or group of patents is critical to the success of our business. We also license selected 
technologies to automotive manufacturers and to other automotive suppliers. We continually strive to identify and implement 
new technologies for use in the design and development of our products. 
Advanced technology development is conducted worldwide at our six advanced technology centers and at our product 
engineering centers. At these centers, we engineer our products to comply with applicable safety standards, meet quality and 
durability standards, respond to environmental conditions and conform to customer and consumer requirements. Our global 
innovation and technology center located in Southfield, Michigan, develops and integrates new concepts and is our central 
location for consumer research, benchmarking, craftsmanship and industrial design activity. 
We have numerous registered trademarks in the United States and in many foreign countries. The most important of these 
marks include LEAR CORPORATION® (including our stylized version thereof) and LEAR®, which are widely used in 
connection with our products and services. Our other principal brands include GUILFORDTM and EAGLE OTTAWA®. 
AVENTINO® leather, INTUTM Seating, LEAR CONNEXUSTM signal and data communications, PROACTIVE POSTURETM 
seating, ProTec® active head restraints, SMART JUNCTION BOXTM technology, STRUCSURETM systems and TeXstyleTM 
fabrics are some of our other trademarks used in connection with certain of our product lines. 
We will continue to dedicate resources to engineering and development. Engineering and development costs incurred in 
connection with product launch, to the extent not recoverable from our customers, are charged to cost of sales as incurred. All 
other engineering and development costs are charged to selling, general and administrative expenses when incurred. 
Engineering and development costs charged to selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $148 million, $144 million 
and $127 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Engineering and development costs for 
which reimbursement is contractually guaranteed by our customers are capitalized. Engineering and development costs 
capitalized totaled $257 million, $179 million and $194 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.  

Environmental Matters 
We are subject to local, state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and ordinances which govern activities or operations that 
may have adverse environmental effects. These laws, regulations and ordinances may impose liability for clean-up costs 
resulting from past spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous wastes. For a description of our outstanding environmental 
matters and other legal proceedings, see Note 11, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements 
included in this Report. 
In addition, our customers are subject to significant environmentally focused state, federal and foreign laws and regulations that 
regulate vehicle emissions, fuel economy and other matters related to the environmental impact of vehicles. To the extent that 
such laws and regulations ultimately increase or decrease automotive vehicle production, such laws and regulations would 
likely impact our business. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors." 
Furthermore, we currently offer products with environmentally friendly features, and our expertise and capabilities are allowing 
us to expand our product offerings in this area. We will continue to monitor emerging developments in this area. 

Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling Interests 
We form joint ventures in order to gain entry into new markets, expand our product offerings and broaden our customer base. In 
particular, we believe that certain joint ventures have provided us, and will continue to provide us, with the opportunity to 
expand our business relationships with Asian automotive manufacturers, particularly in emerging markets. We also partner with 
companies having significant local experience in commerce and customs, as well as capacity, to reduce our financial risk and 
enhance our potential for achieving expected financial returns. In some cases, these joint ventures may be located in North 
America or Europe and used to expand our customer relationships. 
As of December 31, 2017, we had eighteen operating joint ventures located in five countries. Of these joint ventures, nine are 
consolidated, and nine are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Fourteen of the joint ventures operate in Asia, 
and four operate in North America (including one that is dedicated to serving Asian automotive manufacturers). Net sales of 
our consolidated joint ventures accounted for approximately 12% of our net sales in 2017. As of December 31, 2017, our 
investments in non-consolidated joint ventures totaled $147 million. 
A summary of our non-consolidated operating joint ventures, including ownership percentages, is shown below. For further 
information related to our joint ventures, see Note 5, "Investments in Affiliates and Other Related Party Transactions," to the 
consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   29

 
 

Country 
China 
China 
China 
China 
China 
China 
Honduras 
India 
United States  Kyungshin-Lear Sales and Engineering LLC 

Name 
Beijing BHAP Lear Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. 
Jiangxi Jiangling Lear Interior Systems Co., Ltd. 
Lear Dongfeng Automotive Seating Co., Ltd. 
Changchun Lear FAWSN Automotive Electrical and Electronics Co., Ltd. 
Changchun Lear FAWSN Automotive Seat Systems Co., Ltd. 
Beijing Lear Dymos Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. 
Honduras Electrical Distribution Systems S. de R.L. de C.V. 
Dymos Lear Automotive India Private Limited 

Ownership 
Percentage 

50% 
50 
50 
49 
49 
40 
49 
35 
49 

ITEM 1A – RISK FACTORS 

Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the 
factors affecting our business identified elsewhere in this Report, the most significant factors affecting our operations include 
the following: 

•   Our industry is cyclical and a decline in the production levels of our major customers, particularly with respect to 

models for which we are a significant supplier, could adversely affect our financial performance. 
Our sales are driven by the number of vehicles produced by the automotive manufacturers, which is ultimately dependent 
on consumer demand for automotive vehicles, and our content per vehicle. The automotive industry is cyclical and 
sensitive to general economic conditions, including the global credit markets, interest rates, consumer credit and 
consumer spending and preferences. Automotive sales and production can also be affected by the age of the vehicle fleet 
and related scrappage rates, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade 
agreements, the availability and cost of credit, the availability of critical components needed to complete the production 
of vehicles, restructuring actions of our customers and suppliers, facility closures and increased competition, as well as 
consumer preferences regarding vehicle size, configuration and features, changing consumer attitudes toward vehicle 
ownership and usage, such as ride sharing and on-demand transportation, and other factors. 
Our ability to reduce the risks inherent in certain concentrations of business, and thereby maintain our financial 
performance in the future, will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to diversify our sales on a customer, product, 
platform and geographic basis to reflect the market overall. While we are pursuing a strategy of aggressively expanding 
our sales and operations in Asia, no assurances can be given as to how successful we will be in doing so. As a result, an 
economic downturn or other adverse industry conditions that result in a decline in the production levels of our major 
customers, particularly with respect to models for which we are a significant supplier, could reduce our sales and thereby 
adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•  

The loss of business with respect to, or the lack of commercial success of, a vehicle model for which we are a 
significant supplier could adversely affect our financial performance. 
Although we receive purchase orders from our customers, these purchase orders generally provide for the supply of a 
customer’s annual requirements for a particular vehicle model and assembly plant, or in some cases, for the supply of a 
customer’s requirements for the life of a particular vehicle model, rather than for the purchase of a specific quantity of 
products. In addition, it is possible that our customers could elect to manufacture our products internally or increase the 
extent to which they require us to utilize specific suppliers or materials in the manufacture of our products. The loss of 
business with respect to, the lack of commercial success of or an increase in directed component sourcing for a vehicle 
model for which we are a significant supplier could reduce our sales or margins and thereby adversely affect our financial 
condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•   Our inability to achieve product cost reductions which offset customer-imposed price reductions could adversely affect 

our financial performance. 
Downward pricing pressure by automotive manufacturers is a characteristic of the automotive industry. We regularly 
negotiate contracts and sales prices with our customers. These contracts require us to reduce our prices over the life of a 
vehicle model and, at the same time, assume significant responsibility for the design, development and engineering of our 
products. Our financial performance is largely dependent on our ability to achieve product cost reductions through 

 

30   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

•  

•  

product design enhancement and supply chain management, as well as manufacturing efficiencies and restructuring 
actions. We also seek to enhance our financial performance by investing in product development, design capabilities and 
new product initiatives that respond to the needs of our customers and consumers. We continually evaluate operational 
and strategic alternatives to align our business with the changing needs of our customers and improve our business 
structure by investing in vertical integration opportunities. Our inability to achieve product cost reductions which offset 
customer-imposed price reductions could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Increases in the costs and restrictions on the availability of raw materials, energy, commodities and product 
components could adversely affect our financial performance. 
Raw material, energy and commodity costs can be volatile. Although we have developed and implemented strategies to 
mitigate the impact of higher raw material, energy and commodity costs, these strategies, together with commercial 
negotiations with our customers and suppliers, typically offset only a portion of the adverse impact. Certain of these 
strategies also may limit our opportunities in a declining commodity environment. In addition, the availability of raw 
materials, commodities and product components fluctuates from time to time due to factors outside of our control. If the 
costs of raw materials, energy, commodities and product components increase or the availability thereof is restricted, it 
could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Adverse developments affecting or the financial distress of one or more of our suppliers could adversely affect our 
financial performance. 
We obtain components and other products and services from numerous Tier 2 automotive suppliers and other vendors 
throughout the world. We are responsible for managing our supply chain, including suppliers that may be the sole sources 
of products that we require, that our customers direct us to use or that have unique capabilities that would make it difficult 
and/or expensive to re-source. In certain instances, entire industries may experience short-term capacity constraints. 
Additionally, our production capacity, and that of our customers and suppliers, may be adversely affected by natural 
disasters. Any such significant disruption could adversely affect our financial performance. Furthermore, unfavorable 
economic or industry conditions could result in financial distress within our supply base, thereby increasing the risk of 
supply disruption. Although market conditions generally have improved in recent years, uncertainty remains and another 
economic downturn or other unfavorable industry conditions in one or more of the regions in which we operate could 
cause a supply disruption and thereby adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•   Our substantial international operations make us vulnerable to risks associated with doing business in foreign 

countries. 
As a result of our global presence, a significant portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other 
than the U.S. dollar. We have substantial manufacturing and distribution facilities in many foreign countries, including 
Mexico and countries in Africa, Asia, Central and South America and Europe. International operations are subject to 
certain risks inherent in doing business abroad, including: 
•  
•   political, economic and civil instability and uncertainty (including acts of terrorism, civil unrest, drug-cartel related 

exposure to local economic conditions; 

and other forms of violence and outbreaks of war); 
labor unrest; 
expropriation and nationalization; 
currency exchange rate fluctuations, currency controls and the ability to economically hedge currencies; 

•  
•  
•  
•   withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
•  
•  
•  
•  
•   global sovereign fiscal matters and creditworthiness, including potential defaults and the related impacts on economic 
activity, including the possible effects on credit markets, currency values, monetary unions, international treaties and 
fiscal policies. 

investment restrictions or requirements; 
repatriation restrictions or requirements; 
export and import restrictions and increases in duties and tariffs; 
increases in working capital requirements related to long supply chains; and 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   31

 
 

•  

Expanding our sales and operations in Asia and our manufacturing operations in lower-cost regions are important 
elements of our strategy. As a result, our exposure to the risks described above is substantial. The likelihood of such 
occurrences and their potential effect on us vary from country to country and are unpredictable. However, any such 
occurrences could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Certain of our operations are conducted through joint ventures which have unique risks. 
Certain of our operations, particularly in emerging markets, are conducted through joint ventures. With respect to our joint 
ventures, we may share ownership and management responsibilities with one or more partners that may not share our 
goals and objectives. Operating a joint venture requires us to operate the business pursuant to the terms of the agreement 
that we entered into with our partners, including additional organizational formalities, as well as to share information and 
decision making. Additional risks associated with joint ventures include one or more partners failing to satisfy contractual 
obligations, conflicts arising between us and any of our partners, a change in the ownership of any of our partners and less 
of an ability to control compliance with applicable rules and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and 
related rules and regulations. Additionally, our ability to sell our interest in a joint venture may be subject to contractual 
and other limitations. Accordingly, any such occurrences could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results 
and cash flows. 

•   We operate in a highly competitive industry and efforts by our competitors, as well as new non-traditional entrants to 

the industry, to gain market share could adversely affect our financial performance. 
We operate in a highly competitive industry. We and most of our competitors are seeking to expand market share with 
new and existing customers, including in Asia and other potential high growth regions. Our customers award business 
based on, among other things, price, quality, service and technology. Our competitors’ efforts, as well as the efforts of new 
non-traditional entrants to the industry, to grow market share could exert downward pressure on our product pricing and 
margins. In addition, the success of portions of our business requires us to develop and/or incorporate leading 
technologies. Such technologies are subject to rapid obsolescence. Our inability to maintain access to these technologies 
(either through development or licensing) may adversely affect our ability to compete. If we are unable to differentiate our 
products or maintain a low-cost footprint, we may lose market share or be forced to reduce prices, thereby lowering our 
margins. Any such occurrences could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•   Our inability to effectively manage the timing, quality and costs of new program launches could adversely affect our 

financial performance. 
In connection with the award of new business, we obligate ourselves to deliver new products and services that are subject 
to our customers’ timing, performance and quality standards. Additionally, as a Tier 1 supplier, we must effectively 
coordinate the activities of numerous suppliers in order for the program launches of our products to be successful. Given 
the complexity of new program launches, we may experience difficulties managing product quality, timeliness and 
associated costs. In addition, new program launches require a significant ramp up of costs; however, our sales related to 
these new programs generally are dependent upon the timing and success of our customers’ introduction of new vehicles. 
Our inability to effectively manage the timing, quality and costs of these new program launches could adversely affect our 
financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•  

A significant labor dispute involving us or one or more of our customers or suppliers or that could otherwise affect our 
operations could adversely affect our financial performance. 
A substantial number of our employees and the employees of our largest customers and suppliers are members of 
industrial trade unions and are employed under the terms of various labor agreements. We have labor agreements covering 
approximately 76,400 employees globally. In the United States and Canada, each of our unionized facilities has a separate 
collective bargaining agreement with the union that represents the workers at such facility, with each such agreement 
having an expiration date that is independent of the other agreements. Labor agreements covering approximately 77% of 
our global unionized work force, including approximately 2% of our unionized workforce in the United States and 
Canada, are scheduled to expire during 2018. There can be no assurances that future negotiations with the unions will be 
resolved favorably or that we will not experience a work stoppage or disruption that could adversely affect our financial 
condition, operating results and cash flows. A labor dispute involving us, any of our customers or suppliers or any other 
suppliers to our customers or that otherwise affects our operations, or the inability by us, any of our customers or 
suppliers or any other suppliers to our customers to negotiate, upon the expiration of a labor agreement, an extension of 
such agreement or a new agreement on satisfactory terms could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results 
and cash flows. In addition, if any of our significant customers experience a material work stoppage, the customer may 
halt or limit the purchase of our products. This could require us to shut down or significantly reduce production at 
facilities relating to such products, which could adversely affect our business and harm our profitability. 

 

32   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

•   Our existing indebtedness and the inability to access capital markets could restrict our business activities or our ability 

to execute our strategic objectives or adversely affect our financial performance. 
As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately $2.0 billion of outstanding indebtedness, as well as $1.75 billion 
available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility. The debt instruments governing our indebtedness contain 
covenants that may restrict our business activities or our ability to execute our strategic objectives, and our failure to 
comply with these covenants could result in a default under our indebtedness. We also lease certain buildings and 
equipment under non-cancelable lease agreements with terms exceeding one year, which are accounted for as operating 
leases. Additionally, any downgrade in the ratings that rating agencies assign to us and our debt may ultimately impact our 
access to capital markets. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt and lease obligations, to 
refinance our debt obligations or to access capital markets on commercially reasonable terms could adversely affect our 
financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•  

•  

Significant changes in discount rates, the actual return on pension assets and other factors could adversely affect our 
financial performance. 
Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of income or expense recorded related to our global 
defined benefit plans. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require that income or expense 
related to the defined benefit plans be calculated at the annual measurement date using actuarial calculations, which 
reflect certain assumptions. The most significant of these assumptions relate to interest rates, the capital markets and other 
economic conditions. These assumptions, as well as the actual value of pension assets at the measurement date, will 
impact the calculation of pension and other postretirement benefit expense for the year. Although pension expense and 
pension contributions are not directly related, the key economic indicators that affect pension expense also affect the 
amount of cash that we will contribute to our pension plans. Because interest rates and the values of these pension assets 
have fluctuated and will continue to fluctuate in response to changing market conditions, pension and other postretirement 
benefit expense in subsequent periods, the funded status of our pension plans and the future minimum required pension 
contributions, if any, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Impairment charges relating to our goodwill and long-lived assets could adversely affect our financial performance. 
We regularly monitor our goodwill and long-lived assets for impairment indicators. In conducting our goodwill 
impairment testing, we may first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting 
unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. If not, no further goodwill impairment testing is required. If it is more 
likely than not that a reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, or if we elect not to perform a qualitative 
assessment of a reporting unit, we then compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the related net book value. If the net 
book value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is measured and recognized. In conducting our 
impairment analysis of long-lived assets, we compare the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the 
long-lived assets to the related net book values. Changes in economic or operating conditions impacting our estimates and 
assumptions could result in the impairment of our goodwill or long-lived assets. In the event that we determine that our 
goodwill or long-lived assets are impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings that could 
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

•   Our failure to execute our strategic objectives could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to successfully execute our strategic objectives. Our objectives 
are to deliver superior long-term stockholder value by investing in our business to grow and improve our competitive 
position, while maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet and returning cash to our stockholders. Various factors, 
including the industry environment and the other matters described herein and in Part II — Item 7, "Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," including "— Forward-Looking Statements," 
could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategic objectives. These risk factors include our failure to identify 
suitable opportunities for organic investment and/or acquisitions, our inability to successfully develop such opportunities 
or complete such acquisitions or our inability to successfully utilize or integrate the investments in our operations. Our 
failure to execute our strategic objectives could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
Moreover, there can be no assurances that, even if implemented, our strategic objectives will be successful. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   33

 
 

•  

A disruption in our information technology systems, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely 
affect our financial performance.  
We rely on the accuracy, capacity and security of our information technology systems. Despite the security measures that 
we have implemented, including those measures related to cybersecurity, our systems, as well as those of our customers, 
suppliers and other service providers, could be breached or damaged by computer viruses, malware, phishing attacks, 
denial-of-service attacks, natural or man-made incidents or disasters or unauthorized physical or electronic access. These 
types of incidents have become more prevalent and pervasive across industries, including our industry, and are expected 
to continue in the future. A breach could result in business disruption, including the vehicle systems and components that 
we supply to our customers or our plant operations, theft of our intellectual property, trade secrets or customer 
information or unauthorized access to personnel information. Although cybersecurity and the continued development and 
enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our information technology systems from attack, 
damage or unauthorized access are a high priority for us, our actions and investments may not be deployed quickly 
enough or successfully protect our systems against all vulnerabilities, including technologies developed to bypass our 
security measures.  In addition, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers to disclose 
access credentials or other sensitive information in order to gain access to our secure systems and networks. There are no 
assurances that our actions and investments to improve the maturity of our systems, processes and risk management 
framework or remediate vulnerabilities will be sufficient or deployed quickly enough to prevent or limit the impact of any 
cyber intrusion. Moreover, because the techniques used to gain access to or sabotage systems often are not recognized 
until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate the methods necessary to defend against these types of 
attacks, and we cannot predict the extent, frequency or impact these attacks may have on us. To the extent that our 
business is interrupted or data is lost, destroyed or inappropriately used or disclosed, such disruptions could adversely 
affect our competitive position, relationships with our customers, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In 
addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against the damage caused by these disruptions or 
security breaches in the future. 
We are also dependent on security measures that some of our customers, suppliers and other third-party service providers 
take to protect their own systems and infrastructures. Any security breach of any of these third-parties' systems could 
result in unauthorized access to our information technology systems, cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws or 
regulations, subject us to legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation or cause a loss of 
confidence in our products or services, any of which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

•  

A significant product liability lawsuit, warranty claim or product recall involving us or one of our major customers 
could adversely affect our financial performance. 
In the event that our products fail to perform as expected, regardless of fault, and such failure results in, or is alleged to 
result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or other losses, we may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other 
claims or we may be required or requested by our customers to participate in a recall or other corrective action involving 
such products. We also are a party to agreements with certain of our customers, whereby these customers may pursue 
claims against us for contribution of all or a portion of the amounts sought in connection with product liability and 
warranty claims. We carry insurance for certain product liability claims, but such coverage may be limited. We do not 
maintain insurance for product warranty or recall matters. In addition, we may not be successful in recovering amounts 
from third parties, including sub-suppliers, in connection with these claims. These types of claims could adversely affect 
our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•   We are involved from time to time in various legal and regulatory proceedings and claims, which could adversely affect 

our financial performance. 
We are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings and claims that, from time to time, are significant. These are 
typically claims that arise in the normal course of business including, without limitation, commercial or contractual 
disputes, including disputes with our customers, suppliers or competitors, intellectual property matters, personal injury 
claims, environmental matters, tax matters, employment matters and antitrust matters. No assurances can be given that 
such proceedings and claims will not adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•   New laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could adversely affect our financial performance. 
We and the automotive industry are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, including 
those related to health, safety and environmental matters. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies, capital 
markets, healthcare costs, energy usage, international trade and immigration and other labor issues, all of which may have 
a direct or indirect effect on our business and the businesses of our customers and suppliers. We cannot predict the 

 

34   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

substance or impact of pending or future legislation or regulations, or the application thereof. The introduction of new 
laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretation thereof, could increase the costs of 
doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions and adversely affect our financial condition, 
operating results and cash flows. 

•   We are subject to regulation of our international operations that could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We are subject to many laws governing our international operations, including those that prohibit improper payments to 
government officials and restrict where we can do business and what information or products we can supply to certain 
countries, including but not limited to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.S. Export Administration Act. 
Violations of these laws, which are complex and often difficult to interpret and apply, could result in significant criminal 
penalties or sanctions that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•   We are required to comply with environmental laws and regulations that could cause us to incur significant costs. 

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect the environment, and we 
expect that additional requirements with respect to environmental matters will be imposed on us in the future. 
Material future expenditures may be necessary if compliance standards change or material unknown conditions that 
require remediation are discovered. Environmental laws could also restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could 
require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses in connection with our business. If we fail to 
comply with present and future environmental laws and regulations, we could be subject to future liabilities, which could 
adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

•   Developments or assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights could adversely affect our financial 

performance. 
We own significant intellectual property, including a large number of patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, 
and we are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining 
our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. Developments or assertions by or against us relating to 
intellectual property rights could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

The United States recently passed a comprehensive tax reform bill that could adversely affect our financial 
performance. 
On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law new legislation that significantly revises the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "IRC"). The newly enacted federal income tax law, among other things, contains 
significant changes to corporate taxation, including the reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, a 
one-time transition tax on offshore earnings at reduced tax rates regardless of whether the earnings are repatriated, the 
elimination of U.S. tax on foreign dividends (subject to certain important exceptions), new taxes on certain foreign 
earnings, a new minimum tax related to payments to foreign subsidiaries and affiliates, immediate deductions for certain 
new investments and the modification or repeal of many business deductions and credits. Notwithstanding the reduction 
in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of the new federal tax law is uncertain, and our financial performance 
could be adversely affected. In addition, it is uncertain if, and to what extent, various states will conform to the new tax 
law and foreign countries will react by adopting tax legislation or taking other actions that could adversely affect our 
business. 

Significant changes in the North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA") could adversely affect our financial 
performance. 
The United States, Mexico and Canada are currently re-negotiating NAFTA, from which the U.S. government has advised 
it will withdraw if an agreement on revised terms is not reached. The U.S. government proposed changes to NAFTA that 
would require automotive products to contain significantly higher North American content, as well as specific U.S. 
domestic content, in order to obtain duty-free treatment under NAFTA. Canada offered counter-proposals, and the three 
countries are continuing discussions to achieve revised rules for automotive products. Reflective of the automotive 
industry, our vehicle parts manufacturing facilities in the United States, Mexico and Canada are highly dependent on 
duty-free trade within the NAFTA region. A significant number of our facilities are in Mexico and represent a critical 
component of our supply chain and that of our customers. We have significant imports into the United States, and the 
imposition of customs duties on these imports could negatively impact our financial performance. If such customs duties 
are implemented, Mexico and Canada may take retaliatory actions with respect to U.S. imports or U.S. investments in 
their countries. Any such potential actions could adversely affect our financial performance. 

•  

•  

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   35

 
 

•  

Changes in the United Kingdom's economic and other relationships with the European Union could adversely affect 
us. 
In June 2016, a majority of voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw from the European Union in a national 
referendum ("Brexit"). In March 2017, the United Kingdom formally notified the European Union of its intention to 
withdraw, and withdrawal negotiations began in June 2017. European Union rules provide for a two-year negotiation 
period, beginning on the withdrawal notification date, unless an extension is agreed to by the parties. The negotiations 
between the parties have yet to produce an overall structure for their ongoing relationship following Brexit. We have 
significant operations in both the United Kingdom and the European Union. Our supply chain and that of our customers 
are highly integrated across the United Kingdom and the European Union, and we are highly dependent on the free flow 
of goods in those regions. The ongoing uncertainty and potential re-imposition of border controls and customs duties on 
trade between the United Kingdom and European Union nations could negatively impact our competitive position, 
supplier and customer relationships and financial performance. The ultimate effects of Brexit on us will depend on the 
specific terms of any agreement the United Kingdom and the European Union reach to provide access to each other’s 
respective markets. 

None. 

ITEM 1B – UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 

36   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

ITEM 2 – PROPERTIES 

As of December 31, 2017, our operations were conducted through 257 facilities, some of which are used for multiple purposes, 
including 86 just-in-time manufacturing facilities, 121 dedicated component manufacturing facilities, 6 sequencing and 
distribution sites, 36 administrative/technical support facilities and 8 advanced technology centers, in 39 countries. Our 
corporate headquarters is located in Southfield, Michigan. 
Of our 257 total facilities, which include facilities owned or leased by our consolidated subsidiaries, 107 are owned and 150 are 
leased with expiration dates ranging from 2017 through 2053. We believe that substantially all of our property and equipment is 
in good condition and that we have sufficient capacity to meet our current and expected manufacturing and distribution needs. 
See Part II — Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity 
and Financial Condition."  

United Kingdom 
(continued) 

Redditch 
Sunderland 

United States 

Arlington, TX 
Columbia City, IN 
Detroit, MI 
Duncan, SC 
Farwell, MI 
Flint, MI 
Hammond, IN 
Hebron, OH 
Highland Park, MI 
Kenansville, NC 
Louisville, KY 
Montgomery, AL 
Morristown, TN 
Pine Grove, PA 
Portage, IN 
Rochester Hills, MI
Roscommon, MI 
Selma, AL 
Tuscaloosa, AL 
Wentzville, MO 

Thailand 

Kabin Buri 

United States 

Plymouth, IN 
Taylor, MI 
Traverse City, MI 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

Argentina 

Escobar, BA 
Ferreyra, CBA 

Belgium 

Brussels 

Brazil 

Betim 
Caçapava 
Joinville 
Pernambuco 

Ajax, ON 
Whitby, ON 

Canada 

China 

Beijing 
Changshu 
Chongqing 
Guangzhou 
Hangzhou 
Liuzhou 
Nanjing 
Rui’an 
Shanghai 
Shenyang 
Wuhan 
Wuhu 

Czech Republic 

Hranice 
 

Czech Republic 
(continued) 
Kolin 
Stribro 

Dominican Republic 
Santo Domingo 

France 

Cergy 
Feignies 
Jarney 
Roche La Moliere 

Germany 

Besigheim 
Bremen 
Eisenach 
Ginsheim- 

Gustavsburg 

Rietberg 
Wackersdorf 

Hungary 
Györ 
Mor 
Szolnok 

India 

Chennai 
Halol 
Haridwar 
Nasik 
 

India (continued) 

Pune 
Tijara 
Indonesia 

Cikarang 

Italy 

Seating

Slovak Republic 

Mexico (continued) 
Panzacola, TL 
Presov 
Piedras Negras, CO
Voderady 
Ramos Arizpe, CO  South Africa 
Saltillo, CO 
San Felipe, GU 
San Luis Potosi, SL
Silao, GO 
Toluca, MX 
Villa Ahumada, CH Spain 

East London 
Port Elizabeth 
Rosslyn 
South Korea 

Gyeongju 

Caivano, NA 
Cassino, FR 
Grugliasco, TO 
Melfi, PZ 
Pozzo d’Adda, MI  Moldova 

Barcelona 
Burgos 
Epila 
Martorell 
O Porrino 
Sant Esteve 
Sesrovir 
Valencia 
Vigo 
Vitoria 

Thailand 

Mueang Nakhon 

Ratchasima 

Rayong 

Macedonia 
Tetovo 

Malaysia 

Behrang Stesen 
Klang 

Mexico 

Ungheni 

Morocco 

Tangier 

Poland 

Bierun 
Jaroslaw 
Legnica 
Tychy 

Mangualde 
Valenca 

Arteaga, CA 
Ascension, CH 
Cuautlancingo, PU  Portugal 
Fresnillo, ZA 
Hermosillo, SO 
Huamantla, TL 
Juarez, CH 
Leon, GT 
Mexico City, DF 
Monclova, CO 
Nuevo Casas 

Romania 
Iasi 

Russia 

Grandes, CH 

Kaluga 
Nizhny Novgorod 

United Kingdom 

Alfreton 
Coventry 

Vietnam 

Hai Phong City 

Argentina 

Czech Republic 

Hungary 

Pacheco, BA 
San Francisco,  Germany 

Vyskov 

Gödöllö 
Gyöngyös 

India 

Pune 

Mexico 

Apodaca, NL 
Chihuahua, CH 
Juarez, CH 
Torreon, CA 
 

E-Systems

Morocco 

Kenitra 
Salé Al-Jadida 
Tangier 
Philippines 

LapuLapu City 

Poland 

Mielec 

Romania 

Campulung 
Pitesti 

Russia 

Serbia 

Volokolamsk 

Novi Sad 
South Africa 

Port Elizabeth 

Spain 

Almussafes 
Valls 

ADMINISTRATIVE/TECHNICAL
Japan (continued)

India 

Bersenbrueck 
Kronach 
Saarlouis 
Wismar 

Honduras 
Naco 
 
 

France 

Essendon Fields 

Vélizy- 

Villacoublay 

Germany 

Cologne 
Korntal- 

Münchingen 

Remscheid 
Schwaig-Oberding 
Sindelfingen 
Wolfsburg 

Israel 

Italy 

Japan 

Bengaluru 
Pune 

Tel Aviv 

Akigun 
Hiroshima 
Kariya 

Nagoya 
Tokyo 
Yokohama 

Juarez, CH 

Mexico 

Hilversum 

Philippines 

LapuLapu City 

Singapore 

Grugliasco, TO 

Netherlands 

Brazil 

China 

CBA 

Navegantes 

Chongqing 
Shanghai 
Wuhan 
Yangzhou 

Australia 

Belgium 

Leuven 

Brazil 

China 

São Paulo 

Shanghai 

Czech Republic 

Brno 
Pilsen 

 

South Korea 

Seoul 

Spain 

Valls 

Sweden 

Gothenburg 

Thailand 

Bangkok 

United Kingdom 

Coventry 

United States

Ann Arbor, MI 
Detroit, MI 
El Paso, TX 
Rochester Hills, MI
San Mateo, CA 
Santa Rosa, CA 
Southfield, MI 
Wilmington, NC 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   37

 
 

ITEM 3 – LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Legal and Environmental Matters 
We are involved from time to time in various legal proceedings and claims, including, without limitation, commercial or 
contractual disputes, product liability claims and environmental and other matters. For a description of risks related to various 
legal proceedings and claims, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors." For a description of our outstanding material legal proceedings, see 
Note 11, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

None. 

ITEM 4 – MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

SUPPLEMENTARY ITEM – EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 

The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our executive officers. Executive officers are appointed annually 
by our Board of Directors and serve at the pleasure of our Board. 

Name 

Shari L. Burgess 
Thomas A. DiDonato 
Amy A. Doyle 
Jay K. Kunkel 
Terrence B. Larkin 
Frank C. Orsini 
Raymond E. Scott* 
Matthew J. Simoncini* 
Melvin L. Stephens 
Jeffrey H. Vanneste 

Position 

Age 
59  Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Diversity Officer 
Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
59 
50  Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
58 
63 
45 
52 
57 
62 
58 

Senior Vice President and President, Asia-Pacific Operations 
Executive Vice President, Business Development, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
Senior Vice President and President, E-Systems 
Executive Vice President and President, Seating 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Senior Vice President, Communications and Corporate and Investor Relations 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

*  Mr. Simoncini has elected to retire as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, effective February 28, 2018. The Board of Directors has elected Raymond E. Scott to serve as President and Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company, effective February 28, 2018. 

Set forth below is a description of the business experience of each of our executive officers. 

Shari L. Burgess 

Ms. Burgess is the Company’s Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Diversity Officer, a position she 
has held since January 2014. Previously, Ms. Burgess served as the Company’s Vice President and 
Treasurer since August 2002 and in various financial roles since joining the Company in 1992. Prior to 
joining the Company, Ms. Burgess served as the corporate controller for Victor International 
Corporation and as an audit manager for Ernst & Young LLP. 
 

 
Thomas A. DiDonato  Mr. DiDonato is the Company’s Senior Vice President, Human Resources, a position he has held since 

April 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. DiDonato served as Executive Vice President, Human 
Resources for American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. since 2005, Chief People Officer for H.J. Heinz since 
2004 and Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Heinz North America since 2001. Earlier 
experiences include directing human resources for a $14 billion division of Merck & Co. and heading 
worldwide staffing for Pepsico. Mr. DiDonato began his career at General Foods Corporation and 
moved up to manage the personnel at its largest manufacturing facility. 
 
Ms. Doyle is the Company’s Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, a position she has held since 
May 2017. Ms. Doyle most recently served as the Company’s Assistant Corporate Controller since 
September 2006. Previously, she served in positions of increasing responsibility at the Company, 
including Director, Financial Reporting since 2003 and Manager, Financial Reporting since 1999. 
Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Doyle served as an audit manager for Arthur Andersen LLP. 

 
Amy A. Doyle 

 

 

 

38   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

 

 

Jay K. Kunkel 

 
Terrence B. Larkin 

 
Frank C. Orsini 

 
Raymond E. Scott 

Mr. Kunkel is the Company’s Senior Vice President and President, Asia-Pacific Operations, a position 
he has held since June 2013. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kunkel served as President Asia and 
as a Member of the Automotive Management Board for Continental A.G. since December 2007 and 
initially joined Continental A.G. in February 2005. Prior to joining Continental A.G., Mr. Kunkel 
served as a Director for SRP International Group Ltd. and held various positions of increasing 
responsibility at PricewaterhouseCoopers, Visteon, Mitsubishi and Chrysler. 
 
Mr. Larkin is the Company’s Executive Vice President, Business Development, General Counsel and 
Corporate Secretary, a position he has held since November 2011. Mr. Larkin previously served as the 
Company’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since January 2008. Prior 
to joining the Company, Mr. Larkin was a partner since 1986 of Bodman PLC, a Detroit-based law 
firm. Mr. Larkin served on the executive committee of Bodman PLC and was the chairman of its 
business law practice group. Mr. Larkin’s practice was focused on general corporate, commercial 
transactions and mergers and acquisitions. 
 
Mr. Orsini is the Company’s Senior Vice President and President, E-Systems, a position he has held 
since September 2012. Mr. Orsini most recently served as the Company’s Vice President and Interim 
President, E-Systems since October 2011. Previously, he served as the Company’s Vice President, 
Operations, E-Systems since 2009, Vice President, Sales, Program Management & Manufacturing, E-
Systems since 2008, Vice President, North America Seating Operations since 2005 and in various 
other management positions for the Company since 1994. Mr. Orsini currently sits on the board of 
directors of Focus: HOPE, a non-profit organization. 
 
Mr. Scott is the Company’s Executive Vice President and President, Seating, a position he has held 
since November 2011. Mr. Scott most recently served as the Company’s Senior Vice President and 
President, E-Systems since February 2008. Previously, he served as the Company’s Senior Vice 
President and President, North American Seat Systems Group since August 2006, Senior Vice 
President and President, North American Customer Group since June 2005, President, European 
Customer Focused Division since June 2004 and President, General Motors Division since November 
2000. Mr. Scott has been elected by the Board of Directors to serve as President and Chief Executive 
Officer, effective February 28, 2018. 
 

 
Matthew J. Simoncini  Mr. Simoncini is the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, a position he has held since 
September 2011. Mr. Simoncini most recently served as the Company’s Senior Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer since 2007. Previously, he served as the Company’s Senior Vice President, 
Finance and Chief Accounting Officer since August 2006, Vice President, Global Finance since 
February 2006, Vice President of Operational Finance since June 2004, Vice President of Finance — 
Europe since 2001 and prior to 2001, in various senior financial management positions for the 
Company and UT Automotive, Inc. Mr. Simoncini has elected to retire as President and Chief 
Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, effective February 28, 
2018. Mr. Simoncini will serve as a non-executive employee of the Company until his retirement from 
the Company on January 4, 2019. 
 

 
Melvin L. Stephens  Mr. Stephens is the Company’s Senior Vice President, Communications and Corporate & Investor 

Relations, a position he has held since April 2012. Mr. Stephens most recently served as the 
Company’s Senior Vice President, Communications, Human Resources and Investor Relations since 
September 2009. Previously, he served as the Company’s Vice President of Corporate 
Communications and Investor Relations since January 2002. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. 
Stephens worked for Ford Motor Company for 23 years and held various leadership positions in 
finance, business planning, corporate strategy, communications, sales and marketing and investor 
relations. 
 

 
Jeffrey H. Vanneste  Mr. Vanneste is the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, a position he has 

held since March 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Vanneste served as Executive Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer for International Automotive Components Group ("IAC") since 
January 2011 and as Chief Financial Officer for IAC North America since March 2007. Prior to 
joining IAC, Mr. Vanneste worked with the Company in positions of increasing responsibility over 15 
plus years including: Vice President of Finance, European Operations, Vice President of Corporate 
Business Planning and Analysis, Vice President of Finance, Seating and Vice President of Finance for 
the Ford and GM Divisions. Prior to joining the Company in October 1991, he served as the assistant 
controller for Champagne-Webber, Inc. and as an audit senior for Coopers & Lybrand. 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   39

 
 

PART II 

ITEM 5 – MARKET FOR THE COMPANY’S COMMON EQUITY, 

RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 
Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "LEA." 
The high and low sales prices per share of our common stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, and the amount of 
our dividend declarations for 2017 and 2016 are shown below: 

2017 
 
4th Quarter 
3rd Quarter 
2nd Quarter 
1st Quarter 

 

2016 
 
4th Quarter 
3rd Quarter 
2nd Quarter 
1st Quarter 

$

$

Price Range of 
Common Stock 

High 

181.46 $ 
174.66
153.28
149.00

Low 

170.27  $
140.45 
132.01 
132.29 

Cash 

Dividend 
Per Share 

0.50
0.50
0.50
0.50

Price Range of 
Common Stock 

High 

138.80 $ 
121.78
120.00
122.09

Low 

110.77  $
98.00 
97.35 
93.54 

Cash 

Dividend 
Per Share 

0.30
0.30
0.30
0.30

Dividends 
Our Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.50 and $0.30 per share of common stock in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. 
We currently expect to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, although such payments are at the discretion of our Board of 
Directors and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, alternative uses of capital 
and other factors that our Board of Directors may consider at its discretion. See Part II — Item 7, "Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Forward-Looking Statements," and Note 6, "Debt," to the 
consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Holders of Common Stock 
The Transfer Agent and Registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., located in Canton, 
Massachusetts. On February 2, 2018, there were 50 registered holders of record of our common stock. 
For certain information regarding our equity compensation plans, see Part III — Item 12, "Security Ownership of Certain 
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters — Equity Compensation Plan Information." 

Common Stock Share Repurchase Program 
Since the first quarter of 2011, our Board of Directors has authorized $4.1 billion in share repurchases under our common stock 
share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2017, we have a remaining repurchase authorization of $545.6 million, which 
will expire on December 31, 2019. 
We may implement our share repurchases through a variety of methods, including open market purchases, accelerated stock 
repurchase programs and structured repurchase transactions. The extent to which we will repurchase our outstanding common 
stock and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon our financial condition, prevailing market conditions, alternative 
uses of capital and other factors. See Part II — Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations — Forward-Looking Statements," Note 6, "Debt," and Note 9, "Capital Stock, Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Loss and Equity," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report.  

 

40   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

As of December 31, 2017, we have paid $3.5 billion in aggregate for repurchases of our outstanding common stock, at an 
average price of $79.73 per share, excluding commissions and related fees, since the first quarter of 2011. A summary of the 
shares of our common stock repurchased during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2017, is shown below: 

Period 
October 1, 2017 through October 28, 2017 
October 29, 2017 through November 25, 2017 
November 26, 2017 through December 31, 2017 
Total 

(1)  Remaining authorization as of December 31, 2017. 

Total Number 

of Shares 
Purchased 

— $

216,626
477,036
693,662 $

Average 
Price Paid 
per Share 
—
175.32
176.72
176.29

Total Number of Shares 

Purchased as Part of 
Publicly Announced 
Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar 
Value of Shares that 
May Yet be Purchased 
Under the Program 

(in millions) 

 

 
—    $ 

216,626  
477,036  
693,662   $ 

667.8  
629.9  
545.6  
545.6 (1)

Performance Graph 
The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return from December 31, 2012 through December 31, 2017, 
for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index and a peer group(1) of companies that we have selected for purposes of this 
comparison. We have assumed that dividends have been reinvested, and the returns of each company in the S&P 500 Index and 
the peer group have been weighted to reflect relative stock market capitalization. The graph below assumes that $100 was 
invested on December 31, 2011, in each of our common stock, the stocks comprising the S&P 500 Index and the stocks 
comprising the peer group. 

 

 
Lear Corporation 
S&P 500 
Current Peer Group (1) 
Previous Peer Group (1) 

  December 31,
  $ 
  $ 
  $ 
  $ 

 2012 
100.00 $
100.00 $
100.00 $
100.00 $

December 31,

December 31,

December 31, 

  December 31,

December 31,

 2013 
174.70 $
132.38 $
159.84 $
161.37 $

 2014 
213.46 $
150.49 $
190.22 $
189.49 $

 2015 
269.70     $ 
152.55     $ 
174.60     $ 
171.06     $ 

 2016 
293.66 $
170.79 $
175.14 $
173.07 $

 2017 
397.06
208.06
236.82
232.20

(1)  We do not believe that there is a single published industry or line of business index that is appropriate for comparing 
stockholder returns. As a result, we have selected a peer group comprised of representative independent automotive 
suppliers whose common stock is publicly traded. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   41

 
 

In 2017, we modified our peer group to exclude Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation and to add Adient plc. Referenced in 
the graph above, our current peer group consists of Adient plc, American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc., Aptiv PLC, 
BorgWarner Inc., Dana Holding Corporation, Gentex Corp., Magna International, Inc., Superior Industries International, 
Inc., Tenneco Inc. and Visteon Corporation. In October 2016, Adient plc was spun off from Johnson Controls International 
Plc. The performance history of Adient plc has been included in the current peer group calculation beginning January 1, 
2017. In January 2017, Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation ceased to be publicly traded. The performance history of 
Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation has been excluded from the current peer group calculation for all periods presented 
and from the previous peer group calculation beginning January 1, 2017. In December 2017, Delphi Automotive PLC spun 
off its powertrain business and began operating under the name Aptiv PLC. The performance history of Delphi Automotive 
PLC has been included in both the current and previous peer group calculations. 
We believe that the companies that comprise our current peer group more closely align with our business and industry and 
provide a better comparison of returns. For comparison purposes, we have included our previous peer group in the stock 
performance graph above. 

ITEM 6 – SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following statement of operations, statement of cash flows and balance sheet data were derived from our consolidated 
financial statements. Our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 
2013, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP. The selected financial data below should be read in conjunction with Item 7, 
"Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and our consolidated financial 
statements and the notes thereto included in this Report. 

 
   

2017 (1) 

2016 (2) 

2015 (3) 

2014 (4) 

2013 (5) 

 

 

 

 
$ 20,467.0 $ 18,557.6 $ 18,211.4    $  17,727.3 $ 16,234.0
1,299.7
528.7
34.4
68.4
58.1

2,291.1
635.2
47.6
85.7
(4.1)

2,102.1
621.9
53.0
82.5
6.4

1,492.8
529.9
33.7
67.5
74.3

1,819.8   
580.5   
52.5   
86.7   
68.6   
 

1,526.7
197.5
(51.7)
1,380.9
67.5

$

1,313.4 $

1,338.3
370.2
(72.4)
1,040.5
65.4
975.1 $

1,031.5
 
285.5   
(49.8)  
795.8   
50.3   
745.5    $ 

787.4
121.4
(36.3)
702.3
29.9
672.4 $

610.1
192.7
(38.4)
455.8
24.4
431.4

For the year ended December 31, 
Statement of Operations: (in millions) 

Net sales 
Gross profit 
Selling, general and administrative expenses 
Amortization of intangible assets 
Interest expense 
Other (income) expense, net (6) 
Consolidated income before provision for income 
taxes and equity in net income of affiliates 
Provision for income taxes 
Equity in net income of affiliates 
Consolidated net income 
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
Net income attributable to Lear 

  

 

42   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

 

For the year ended December 31, 
Statement of Operations Data: 

2017 (1) 

2016 (2) 

2015 (3) 

 

 

Basic net income per share available to Lear 
$
common stockholders 
Diluted net income per share available to 
Lear common stockholders 
Weighted average shares outstanding – 
basic 
Weighted average shares outstanding – 
diluted 
Dividends per share 

$

Statement of Cash Flows Data: (in millions) 

Cash flows from operating activities 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Capital expenditures 
Other Data (unaudited): 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges (7) 

18.79 $

13.48 $

18.59 $

13.33 $

68,542,363

72,345,436

69,277,981

73,124,949

2.00 $
 
1,783.1 $
(868.6)
(742.0)
594.5

 

1.20 $
 
1,619.3 $
(637.1)
(872.9)
528.3

 

12.6x

12.0x

$
 
$

 

 
9.71
 
9.59
 

 

76,754,270

77,767,017

 

1.00    $ 
   
1,271.1    $ 
(965.3)  
(156.3)  
485.8   

   

9.4x  

As of or for the year ended December 31, 
Balance Sheet Data: (in millions) (8) 

Current assets 
Total assets 
Current liabilities 
Long-term debt 
Equity 

Other Data (unaudited): 

Employees at year end 
North American content per vehicle (9) 
North American vehicle production (in 
millions) (10) 
European content per vehicle (11) 
European vehicle production (in millions) (12) 

 
$

 

$

$

2017 

 
6,613.0 $
11,945.9
4,854.3
1,951.5
4,292.6

 

2016 

 
5,649.3 $
9,900.6
4,182.3
1,898.0
3,192.9

 

2015 

 
   
5,286.6   $ 
9,405.8  
3,839.6  
1,931.7  
3,017.7  

   

165,000

148,400

136,200  

455 $

422 $

443   $ 

17.1
355 $
22.9

17.8
316 $
22.3

17.5  
314   $ 
21.5  

 
   

  $ 

  $ 

2014 (4) 

2013 (5) 

 

8.39 $

8.23 $

5.07

4.99

 

80,187,516

85,094,889

81,728,479

0.80 $
 
927.8 $
(780.6)
(160.8)
424.7

 

8.4x

86,415,786
0.68

820.1
(403.9)
(698.5)
460.6

6.8x

2014 

2013 

 
5,165.6    $
9,113.1   
3,945.1   
1,454.0   
3,029.3   

 

125,200   
398    $

 
 
17.0
341    $
20.6   

4,735.1
8,303.0
3,556.0
1,042.3
3,149.5

122,300
377

16.2
315
19.8

(1)  2017 results include $74.5 million of restructuring and related manufacturing inefficiency charges (including $1.3 million 

of fixed asset impairment charges), $3.8 million of transaction costs, $5.0 million charge due to an acquisition-related 
inventory fair value adjustment, $15.4 million litigation charge, $21.2 million loss on the extinguishment of debt, $54.2 
million gain related to obtaining control of an affiliate and $214.8 million of net tax benefits related to U.S. corporate tax 
reform and its associated transition tax, foreign tax credits on repatriated earnings, the reversal of valuation allowances on 
the deferred tax assets of certain foreign subsidiaries, a change in the accounting for share-based compensation, an 
incentive tax credit in a foreign subsidiary, the redemption of the 2023 Notes, restructuring charges and various other 
items. 

(2)  2016 results include $69.6 million of restructuring and related manufacturing inefficiency charges (including $4.7 million 

of fixed asset impairment charges), $34.2 million non-cash pension settlement charge, $1.3 million of transaction costs, 
$30.3 million gain related to obtaining control of an affiliate and $23.6 million of net tax benefits related to restructuring 
charges, a non-cash pension settlement charge and various other items. 

(3)  2015 results include $97.2 million of restructuring and related manufacturing inefficiency charges (including $3.9 million 

of fixed asset impairment charges), $10.9 million of transaction and other related costs, $15.8 million charge due to an 
acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustment, $14.3 million loss on the extinguishment of debt, $1.8 million loss 
related to an affiliate and $43.1 million of net tax benefits related to restructuring charges, debt redemption costs, 
acquisition costs and various other items. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   43

 
 

(4)  2014 results include $115.3 million of restructuring and related manufacturing inefficiency charges (including $0.5 

million of fixed asset impairment charges), $5.3 million of transaction costs, $17.9 million loss on the extinguishment of 
debt, $0.8 million of losses related to affiliates and $149.1 million of net tax benefits related to net reductions in valuation 
allowances with respect to the deferred tax assets of certain foreign subsidiaries, reductions in tax reserves due to audit 
settlements, debt redemption costs, restructuring charges and various other items.  

(5)  2013 results include $83.8 million of restructuring and related manufacturing inefficiency charges (including $9.2 million 
of fixed asset impairment charges), $3.0 million of costs related to a proxy contest, $7.3 million of losses and incremental 
costs related to the destruction of assets caused by a fire at one of our European production facilities, $3.6 million loss on 
the partial extinguishment of debt and $27.8 million of net tax benefits related to restructuring, net changes in valuation 
allowances with respect to the deferred tax assets of certain foreign subsidiaries, the retroactive reinstatement of the U.S. 
research and development tax credit by the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which was signed into law on 
January 2, 2013, and various other items. 
Includes non-income related taxes, foreign exchange gains and losses, gains and losses related to certain derivative 
instruments and hedging activities, gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt, gains and losses on the disposal of 
fixed assets and other miscellaneous income and expense. 

(6) 

(7)  "Fixed charges" consist of interest on debt, amortization of deferred financing fees and that portion of rental expenses 
representative of interest. "Earnings" consist of consolidated income before provision (benefit) for income taxes and 
equity in the undistributed net income of affiliates and fixed charges.  

(8)  The balance sheet data for 2014 and 2013 has been restated to reflect the presentation of debt issuance costs as a 

reduction of current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt in conjunction with the 2015 adoption of Accounting 
Standards Update ("ASU") 2015-03, "Interest — Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation 
of Debt Issuance Costs," and ASU 2015-15, "Interest — Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and 
Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements — Amendments to SEC 
Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting." In addition, the balance sheet data for 2014 
and 2013 has been restated to reflect the presentation of all deferred tax assets and liabilities, as well as related valuation 
allowances, as non-current in conjunction with the 2015 adoption of ASU 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of 
Deferred Taxes."  

(9)  "North American content per vehicle" is our net sales in North America divided by total North American vehicle 

production. Content per vehicle data excludes business conducted through non-consolidated joint ventures. Content per 
vehicle data for 2016 has been updated to reflect actual production levels. 

(10)  "North American vehicle production" includes car and light truck production in the United States, Canada and Mexico 

based on IHS Automotive. Production data for 2016 has been updated to reflect actual production levels. 

(11)  "European content per vehicle" is our net sales in Europe and Africa divided by total European and African vehicle 

production. Content per vehicle data excludes business conducted through non-consolidated joint ventures. Content per 
vehicle data for 2016 has been updated to reflect actual production levels. 

(12)  "European vehicle production" includes car and light truck production in Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, 

Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Morocco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, 
Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, Ukraine and the United Kingdom based on IHS 
Automotive. Production data for 2016 has been updated to reflect actual production levels. 

 

44   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

ITEM 7 – MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 

OPERATIONS 

Executive Overview 
We are a leading Tier 1 supplier to the global automotive industry. We supply seating, electrical distribution systems and 
electronic modules, as well as related sub-systems, components and software, to all of the world's major automotive 
manufacturers. 
We use our product, design and technological expertise, global reach and competitive manufacturing footprint to achieve our 
financial goals and objectives of continuing to deliver profitable growth (balancing risks and returns), maintaining a strong 
balance sheet with investment grade credit metrics and consistently returning excess cash to our stockholders. 
Our Seating business consists of the design, development, engineering, just-in-time assembly and delivery of complete seat 
systems, as well as the design, development, engineering and manufacture of all major seat components, including seat covers 
and surface materials such as leather and fabric, seat structures and mechanisms, seat foam and headrests. Further, we have 
capabilities in active sensing and comfort for seats, utilizing electronically controlled sensor and adjustment systems and 
internally developed algorithms. 
Our E-Systems business consists of the design, development, engineering and manufacture of complete electrical distribution 
systems that route electrical signals and manage electrical power within the vehicle for traditional vehicle architectures, as well 
as high power and hybrid electric systems. Key components in the electrical distribution system include wire harnesses, 
terminals and connectors and junction boxes, including components and systems for high power battery electric vehicle and 
hybrid electric vehicle power management and distribution systems. We also design, develop, engineer and manufacture 
sophisticated electronic control modules that facilitate signal, data and power management within the vehicle, as well as 
associated software. We have electronic hardware and software capabilities in wireless communication and cybersecurity that 
securely process various signals to, from and within the vehicle, as well as capabilities to provide roadside modules that 
communicate real-time traffic information to vehicles in the area. 
We serve all of the world's major automotive manufacturers across both our Seating and E-Systems businesses, and we have 
automotive content on more than 400 vehicle nameplates worldwide. It is common to have both seating and electrical content 
on the same and multiple vehicle platforms with a single customer. Our businesses benefit globally from leveraging common 
operating standards and disciplines, including world-class product development and manufacturing processes, as well as 
common customer support and regional infrastructures. Our core capabilities are shared across component categories and 
include high-precision manufacturing and assembly with short lead times, management of complex supply chains, global 
engineering and program management skills, the agility to establish and/or move facilities quickly and a unique customer-
focused culture. Our businesses utilize proprietary, industry-specific processes and standards, leverage common low-cost 
engineering centers and share centralized operating support functions, such as logistics, supply chain management, quality and 
health and safety, as well as all major administrative functions. 

Industry Overview 
Our sales are driven by the number of vehicles produced by the automotive manufacturers, which is ultimately dependent on 
consumer demand for automotive vehicles, and our content per vehicle. Global automotive industry production volumes in 
2017, as compared to 2016, are shown below (in millions of units): 

 
North America 
Europe and Africa 
Asia 
South America 
Other 
Global light vehicle production 

2017 

 
17.1   
22.9   
48.2   
3.1   
2.0   
93.3   

2016 

17.8
22.3
47.1
2.6
1.6
91.4

% Change
(4)%
3 %
3 %
21 %
21 %
2 %

Automotive sales and production can be affected by the age of the vehicle fleet and related scrappage rates, labor relations 
issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements, the availability and cost of credit, the 
availability of critical components needed to complete the production of vehicles, restructuring actions of our customers and 
suppliers, facility closures, changing consumer attitudes toward vehicle ownership and usage and other factors. Our operating 
results are also significantly impacted by the overall commercial success of the vehicle platforms for which we supply 
particular products, as well as the profitability of the products that we supply for these platforms. The loss of business with 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   45

 
 

respect to any vehicle model for which we are a significant supplier, or a decrease in the production levels of any such models, 
could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, larger cars and light trucks, as well as vehicle platforms that offer more 
features and functionality, such as luxury, sport utility and crossover vehicles, typically have more content and, therefore, tend 
to have a more significant impact on our operating results. 
Our percentage of consolidated net sales by region in 2017 and 2016 is shown below: 

 
North America 
Europe and Africa 
Asia 
South America 
Total 

2017 

2016 

38%
40%
19%
3%
100%

40%
38%
19%
3%
100%

Our ability to reduce the risks inherent in certain concentrations of business, and thereby maintain our financial performance in 
the future, will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to diversify our sales on a customer, product, platform and geographic 
basis to reflect the market overall. 
Key trends that specifically affect our business include automotive manufacturers’ utilization of global vehicle platforms, 
increasing demand for luxury and performance features, including increasing levels of electrical and electronic content, and 
China’s emergence as the single largest major automotive market in the world. In addition, three trends have broadly emerged 
as major drivers of change and growth in the automotive industry: efficiency, connectivity and safety. These trends are rapidly 
evolving and advancing into the technology trends of electrification, connectivity and autonomy / advanced driver assistance, 
which are likely to be at the forefront of our industry for the foreseeable future with each converging long-term toward fully 
autonomous, connected, electric or hybrid electric vehicles. 
Our sales and marketing approach is based on addressing these trends, while our strategy focuses on the major imperatives for 
success as an automotive supplier: quality, service, cost and efficiency and innovation and technology. We have expanded key 
component and software capabilities through organic investment and acquisitions to ensure a full complement of the highest 
quality solutions for our customers. We have restructured, and continue to align, our manufacturing and engineering footprint to 
attain a leading competitive position globally. We have established or expanded our capabilities in new and growing markets, 
especially China, in support of our customers’ growth and global platform initiatives. These initiatives have helped us achieve 
our financial goals overall, as well as a more balanced regional, customer and vehicle segment diversification in our business. 
For further information related to these trends and our strategy, see Part 1 — Item 1, "Business — Industry and Strategy." 
Our customers typically require us to reduce our prices over the life of a vehicle model and, at the same time, assume 
significant responsibility for the design, development and engineering of our products. Our financial performance is largely 
dependent on our ability to achieve product cost reductions through product design enhancement and supply chain 
management, as well as manufacturing efficiencies and restructuring actions. We also seek to enhance our financial 
performance by investing in product development, design capabilities and new product initiatives that respond to the needs of 
our customers and consumers. We continually evaluate operational and strategic alternatives to improve our business structure 
and align our business with the changing needs of our customers and major industry trends affecting our business. 
Our material cost as a percentage of net sales was 64.5% in 2017, as compared to 64.8% in 2016 and 66.6% in 2015. Raw 
material, energy and commodity costs can be volatile. We have developed and implemented strategies to mitigate the impact of 
higher raw material, energy and commodity costs, such as the selective in-sourcing of components, the continued consolidation 
of our supply base, longer-term purchase commitments and the selective expansion of low-cost country sourcing and 
engineering, as well as value engineering and product benchmarking. However, these strategies, together with commercial 
negotiations with our customers and suppliers, typically offset only a portion of the adverse impact. Certain of these strategies 
also may limit our opportunities in a declining commodity environment. In addition, the availability of raw materials, 
commodities and product components fluctuates from time to time due to factors outside of our control. If these costs increase 
or availability is restricted, it could have an adverse impact on our operating results in the foreseeable future. See Part I — 
Item 1A, "Risk Factors — Increases in the costs and restrictions on the availability of raw materials, energy, commodities and 
product components could adversely affect our financial performance," and "— Forward-Looking Statements." 

Financial Measures 
In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, we focus primarily on earnings, operating margins, cash flows 
and return on invested capital. In addition to maintaining and expanding our business with our existing customers in our more 
established markets, our expansion plans are focused primarily on emerging markets. Asia, and China in particular, continues to 
present significant growth opportunities, as major global automotive manufacturers implement production expansion plans and 

 

46   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

local automotive manufacturers aggressively expand their operations to meet increasing demand in this region. We currently 
have fourteen operating joint ventures with operations in Asia, as well as an additional joint venture in North America 
dedicated to serving Asian automotive manufacturers. We also have aggressively pursued this strategy by selectively increasing 
our vertical integration capabilities globally, as well as expanding our component manufacturing capacity in Asia, Brazil, 
Eastern Europe, Mexico and Northern Africa. Furthermore, we have expanded our low-cost engineering capabilities in India 
and the Philippines. 
Our success in generating cash flow will depend, in part, on our ability to manage working capital effectively. Working capital 
can be significantly impacted by the timing of cash flows from sales and purchases. Historically, we generally have been 
successful in aligning our vendor payment terms with our customer payment terms. However, our ability to continue to do so 
may be impacted by adverse automotive industry conditions, changes to our customers’ payment terms and the financial 
condition of our suppliers, as well as our financial condition. In addition, our cash flow is impacted by our ability to manage 
our inventory and capital spending effectively. We utilize return on invested capital as a measure of the efficiency with which 
our assets generate earnings. Improvements in our return on invested capital will depend on our ability to maintain an 
appropriate asset base for our business and to increase productivity and operating efficiency. 

Acquisitions 

Antolin Seating 
On April 28, 2017, we completed the acquisition of Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business ("Antolin Seating") for $292 
million, net of cash acquired. Antolin Seating is headquartered in France with operations in five countries in Europe and North 
Africa. The Antolin Seating business is comprised of just-in-time seat assembly, as well as seat structures, mechanisms and seat 
covers.  
For further information, see Note 3, "Acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Subsequent Event 
On January 10, 2018, we completed the acquisition of Israel-based EXO Technologies, a leading developer of differentiated 
GPS technology providing high-accuracy positioning solutions for autonomous and connected vehicle applications. 

Operational Restructuring 
In 2017, we incurred pretax restructuring costs of approximately $73 million and related manufacturing inefficiency charges of 
approximately $2 million. Any future restructuring actions will depend upon market conditions, customer actions and other 
factors. 
For further information, see Note 4, "Restructuring," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Financing Transactions 

Senior Notes 
In August 2017, we issued $750 million in aggregate principal amount at maturity of senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the 
"2027 Notes") at a stated coupon rate of 3.8%. The 2027 Notes were priced at 99.294% of par, resulting in a yield to maturity 
of 3.885%. The proceeds from the offering of $745 million, after original issue discount, were used to redeem the $500 million 
in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2023 (the "2023 Notes") at a redemption price equal to 100% of 
the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" premium of $17 million, as well as to refinance a portion of our 
$500 million prior term loan facility (see "— Credit Agreement" below). In connection with these transactions, we recognized a 
loss of $21 million on the extinguishment of debt and paid related issuance costs of $6 million. 
For further information, see "— Liquidity and Financial Condition — Capitalization — Senior Notes" and Note 6, "Debt," to 
the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Credit Agreement 
In August 2017, we entered into a new unsecured credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") consisting of a $1.75 billion 
revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility") and a $250 million term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility"), both 
of which mature on August 8, 2022. In connection with this transaction, we borrowed $250 million under the Term Loan 
Facility and paid related issuance costs of $6 million. At the same time, we terminated our previously existing credit agreement, 
which consisted of a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility and a $500 million term loan facility, and repaid amounts 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   47

 
 

outstanding under the term loan facility of $453 million. Together with the offering of the 2027 Notes, these transactions 
extended our maturity profile and increased our operational flexibility and borrowing capacity. 
For further information, see "— Liquidity and Financial Condition — Capitalization — Credit Agreement" and Note 6, "Debt," 
to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Share Repurchase Program and Quarterly Cash Dividends 
Since the first quarter of 2011, our Board of Directors has authorized $4.1 billion in share repurchases under our common stock 
share repurchase program. In 2017, we completed $454 million of share repurchases and have a remaining repurchase 
authorization of $546 million, which will expire on December 31, 2019. 
In 2017, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.50 per share of common stock.  
For further information regarding our common stock share repurchase program and our quarterly dividends, see Item 5, 
"Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities," "— 
Liquidity and Financial Condition — Capitalization" and Note 9, "Capital Stock, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and 
Equity," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Other Matters 
In 2017, we amended the joint venture agreement of Shanghai Lear STEC Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. ("Lear STEC") to 
eliminate the substantive participating rights of our joint venture partner. In conjunction with obtaining control of Lear STEC 
and the valuation of our prior equity investment in Lear STEC at fair value, we recognized a gain of approximately $54 million. 
In 2017, we recognized a $15 million litigation charge, of which approximately $13 million is recorded in cost of sales and 
approximately $2 million is recorded in interest expense, related to an unfavorable ruling issued by a foreign court. 
In 2017, we recognized tax expense of $131 million related to a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and 
$43 million to reflect the new U.S. corporate tax rate and other tax reform changes to our deferred tax accounts, offset by tax 
benefits of $290 million related to foreign tax credits on repatriated earnings, $30 million related to the reversal of valuation 
allowances on the deferred tax assets of certain foreign subsidiaries, $17 million related to a change in the accounting for share-
based compensation, $14 million related to an incentive tax credit in a foreign subsidiary, $8 million related to the redemption 
of the 2023 Notes and $30 million related to restructuring charges and various other items. 
In 2016, we amended the joint venture agreement of Beijing BAI Lear Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. ("Beijing BAI") to 
eliminate the substantive participating rights of our joint venture partner. In conjunction with gaining control of Beijing BAI 
and the valuation of our prior equity investment in Beijing BAI at fair value, we recognized a gain of approximately $30 
million.  
In 2016, we recognized a $34 million non-cash settlement charge, of which approximately $20 million was recorded in cost of 
sales and approximately $14 million was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses, in connection with our lump-
sum payout to certain terminated vested plan participants of our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. 
In 2016, we recognized net tax benefits of $24 million related to restructuring charges, a non-cash pension settlement charge 
and various other items. 
In 2015, we recognized net tax benefits of $43 million related to restructuring charges, debt redemption costs, acquisition costs 
and various other items. 
As discussed above, our results for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, reflect the following items (in 
millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Costs related to restructuring actions, including manufacturing inefficiencies of $2 
million in 2017, $6 million in 2016 and $8 million in 2015 
Pension settlement charge 
Acquisition and other related costs 
Acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustment 
Litigation 
Losses on extinguishment of debt 
(Gain) loss related to affiliate 
Tax benefits, net 

$

 

48   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

2017 

 

2016 

2015 

  $ 

 
75
—   
4   
5   
15   
21   
(54)  
(215)  

70   $
34  
1  
—  
—  
—  
(30) 
(24) 

97
—
11
16
—
14
2
(43)

 
 

For further information regarding these items, see Note 3, "Acquisitions," Note 4, "Restructuring," Note 5, "Investments in 
Affiliates and Other Related Party Transactions," Note 6, "Debt," Note 7, "Income Taxes," and Note 8, "Pension and Other 
Postretirement Benefit Plans," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. This section includes forward-
looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. For further information regarding these and other factors that have 
had, or may have in the future, a significant impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations, see Part I — 
Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and "— Forward-Looking Statements." 

Results of Operations 
A summary of our operating results in millions of dollars and as a percentage of net sales is shown below: 

 

 
$

2016 

 

14,356.7
4,200.9
18,557.6
16,455.5
2,102.1

2015 

 

 

77.4%  $  14,098.5    
4,112.9   
22.6  
18,211.4   
100.0  
16,391.6   
88.7  
1,819.8   
11.3  
 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 

Seating 
E-Systems 

Net sales 
Cost of sales 
Gross profit 
Selling, general and administrative 
expenses 
Amortization of intangible assets 
Interest expense 
Other (income) expense, net 
Provision for income taxes 
Equity in net income of affiliates 
Net income attributable to 
noncontrolling interests 
Net income attributable to Lear 

2017 

 

 
$  15,873.0
4,594.0
20,467.0
18,175.9
2,291.1

635.2
47.6
85.7
(4.1)
197.5
(51.7)

77.6% 
22.4  
100.0  
88.8  
11.2  

3.1  
0.2  
0.4  
—  
1.0  
(0.2)   

3.4  
0.3  
0.4  
—  
2.0  
(0.4)   

621.9
53.0
82.5
6.4
370.2
(72.4)

65.4
975.1

67.5
1,313.4

$ 

0.3  
6.4% 

$

0.4  
5.3%  $ 

 

77.4%
22.6
100.0
90.0
10.0

3.2
0.3
0.3
0.4
1.6
(0.3) 

0.2
4.3%

580.5
 
52.5   
86.7   
68.6   
285.5   
(49.8)  
 

 
50.3
745.5    

Year Ended December 31, 2017, Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2016  
Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2017 were $20.5 billion, as compared to $18.6 billion for the year ended 
December 31, 2016, an increase of $1.9 billion or 10%. New business, primarily in North America, Europe and Asia, and the 
acquisition of Antolin Seating positively impacted net sales by $1.4 billion and $350 million, respectively.  

(in millions) 
2016 

Material cost 
Labor and other 
Depreciation 

2017 

 
 
 
 
 
 

Cost of Sales 
16,455.5 
1,270.2 
400.5 
49.7 
18,175.9 

$ 

$ 

Cost of sales in 2017 was $18.2 billion, as compared to $16.5 billion in 2016. New business, primarily in North America, 
Europe and Asia, and the acquisition of Antolin Seating resulted in an increase in cost of sales of $1.6 billion.  
Gross profit and gross margin were $2.3 billion and 11.2% of net sales in 2017, as compared to $2.1 billion and 11.3% of net 
sales in 2016. New business and the acquisition of Antolin Seating positively impacted gross profit by $194 million. The 
impact of favorable operating performance, including the benefit of operational restructuring actions, of $257 million was more 
than offset by the impact of selling price reductions. These factors had a corresponding impact on gross margin. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses, including engineering and development expenses, were $635 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2017, as compared to $622 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. In 2017, we recognized higher 
restructuring costs, as well as higher engineering and development expenses to support future business growth. In 2016, we 
recognized a $14 million non-cash settlement charge in connection with our lump-sum payout to certain terminated vested plan 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   49

 
 

participants of our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses 
were 3.1% in 2017, as compared to 3.4% in 2016.  
Amortization of intangible assets was $48 million in 2017, as compared to $53 million in 2016. 
Interest expense was $86 million in 2017, as compared to $83 million in 2016. 
Other (income) expense, net, which includes non-income related taxes, foreign exchange gains and losses, gains and losses 
related to certain derivative instruments and hedging activities, losses on the extinguishment of debt, gains and losses on the 
disposal of fixed assets and other miscellaneous income and expense, was ($4) million in 2017, as compared to $6 million in 
2016. In 2017, we recognized a gain of $54 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate and a loss of $21 million related 
to the extinguishment of debt. In 2016, we recognized a gain of $30 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate. 
In 2017, the provision for income taxes was $198 million, representing an effective tax rate of 12.9% on pretax income before 
equity in net income of affiliates of $1.5 billion. In 2016, the provision for income taxes was $370 million, representing an 
effective tax rate of 27.7% on pretax income before equity in net income of affiliates of $1.3 billion, for the reasons described 
below. 
In 2017 and 2016, the provision for income taxes was impacted by the level and mix of earnings among tax jurisdictions. In 
2017, we recognized tax expense of $131 million related to a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and $43 
million to reflect the new U.S. corporate tax rate and other tax reform changes to our deferred tax accounts. In addition, we 
recognized tax benefits of $290 million related to foreign tax credits on repatriated earnings, $30 million related to the reversal 
of valuation allowances on the deferred tax assets of certain foreign subsidiaries, $17 million related to a change in the 
accounting for share-based compensation, $14 million related to an incentive tax credit in a foreign subsidiary, $8 million 
related to the redemption of the 2023 Notes and $30 million related to restructuring charges and various other items. In 
addition, we recognized a gain of $54 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate, for which no tax expense was 
provided. In 2016, we recognized net tax benefits of $24 million related to restructuring charges, a non-cash pension settlement 
charge and various other items. In addition, we recognized a gain of $30 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate, for 
which no tax expense was provided. Excluding these items, the effective tax rate in 2017 and 2016 approximated the U.S. 
federal statutory income tax rate of 35% adjusted for income taxes on foreign earnings, losses and remittances, valuation 
allowances, tax credits, income tax incentives and other permanent items. 
For information related to our valuation allowances, see "Other Matters — Significant Accounting Policies and Critical 
Accounting Estimates — Income Taxes." 
Equity in net income of affiliates was $52 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, as compared to $72 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2016, reflecting the consolidation of two of our affiliates. 
Net income attributable to Lear was $1,313 million, or $18.59 per diluted share, in 2017, as compared to $975 million, or 
$13.33 per diluted share, in 2016. Net income and diluted net income per share increased for the reasons described above. In 
addition, diluted net income per share was impacted by the decrease in average shares outstanding between the periods. 

Reportable Operating Segments 
We have two reportable operating segments: Seating, which includes complete seat systems and all major seat components, 
including seat covers and surface materials such as leather and fabric, seat structures and mechanisms, seat foam and headrests, 
and E-Systems, which includes complete electrical distribution systems, electronic control modules and associated software 
and wireless communication modules. Key components in the electrical distribution system include wire harnesses, terminals 
and connectors and junction boxes, including components and systems for high power battery electric vehicle and hybrid 
electric vehicle power management and distribution systems. 
The financial information presented below is for our two reportable operating segments and our other category for the periods 
presented. The other category includes unallocated costs related to corporate headquarters, regional headquarters and the 
elimination of intercompany activities, none of which meets the requirements for being classified as an operating segment. 
Corporate and regional headquarters costs include various support functions, such as information technology, corporate finance, 
legal, executive administration and human resources. Financial measures regarding each segment’s pretax income before equity 
in net income of affiliates, interest expense and other expense ("segment earnings") and segment earnings divided by net sales 
("margin") are not measures of performance under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). 
Segment earnings and the related margin are used by management to evaluate the performance of our reportable operating 
segments. Segment earnings should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income attributable to Lear, net cash 
provided by operating activities or other income statement or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP or as 
measures of profitability or liquidity. In addition, segment earnings, as we determine it, may not be comparable to related or 
similarly titled measures reported by other companies. For a reconciliation of consolidated segment earnings to consolidated 

 

50   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

income before provision for income taxes and equity in net income of affiliates, see Note 12, "Segment Reporting," to the 
consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Seating – 
A summary of financial measures for our Seating segment is shown below (dollar amounts in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 
Segment earnings (1) 
Margin 

(1)  See definition above. 

$ 

2017 
15,873.0
1,250.8

$

7.9%

2016 
14,356.7
1,136.0

7.9%

Seating net sales were $15.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017, as compared to $14.4 billion for the year ended 
December 31, 2016, an increase of $1.5 billion or 11%. New business and the acquisition of Antolin Seating positively 
impacted net sales by $1.2 billion and $350 million, respectively.  
Segment earnings, including restructuring costs, and the related margin on net sales were $1.3 billion and 7.9% in 2017, as 
compared to $1.1 billion and 7.9% in 2016. New business and the acquisition of Antolin Seating positively impacted segment 
earnings by $152 million. The impact of favorable operating performance, including the benefit of operational restructuring 
actions, of $202 million was offset by the impact of selling price reductions. 

E-Systems – 
A summary of financial measures for our E-Systems segment is shown below (dollar amounts in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 
Segment earnings (1) 
Margin 

(1)  See definition above. 

$ 

$

2017 
4,594.0
641.6
14.0%

2016 
4,200.9
591.3
14.1%

E-Systems net sales were $4.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017, as compared to $4.2 billion for the year ended 
December 31, 2016, an increase of $393 million or 9%. New business, sales as a result of obtaining control of an affiliate and 
higher volumes on key Lear platforms positively impacted net sales by $210 million, $116 million and $45 million, 
respectively. 
Segment earnings, including restructuring costs, and the related margin on net sales were $642 million and 14.0% in 2017, as 
compared to $591 million and 14.1% in 2016. New business, earnings as a result of obtaining control of an affiliate and higher 
production volumes on key Lear platforms positively impacted segment earnings by $56 million. The impact of improved 
operating performance of $77 million was more than offset by the impact of selling price reductions. 

Other – 
A summary of financial measures for our other category, which is not an operating segment, is shown below (dollar amounts in 
millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 
Segment earnings (1) 
Margin 

(1)  See definition above. 

$ 

2017 

2016 

— $

(284.1)
N/A

—
(300.1)
N/A

Segment earnings related to our other category were ($284) million in 2017, as compared to ($300) million in 2016. In 2016, 
we recognized a $34 million non-cash settlement charge in connection with our lump-sum payout to certain terminated vested 
plan participants of our U.S. defined benefit pension plans.  

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   51

 
 

Year Ended December 31, 2016, Compared With Year Ended December 31, 2015  
Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $18.6 billion, as compared to $18.2 billion for the year ended 
December 31, 2015, an increase of $346 million or 2%. New business in Asia, Europe and South America and higher 
production volumes on key Lear platforms in Europe and Asia positively impacted net sales by $845 million and $139 million, 
respectively. These increases were partially offset by net foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to the strengthening of the 
U.S. dollar against most major currencies and selling price reductions, which reduced net sales by $602 million.  

(in millions) 
2015 

Material cost 
Labor and other 
Depreciation 

2016 

 
 
 
 
 
 

Cost of Sales 
16,391.6 
(91.4) 
128 
27.3 
16,455.5 

$ 

$ 

Cost of sales in 2016 was $16.5 billion, as compared to $16.4 billion in 2015. New business in Asia, Europe and South America 
and higher production volumes on key Lear platforms in Europe and Asia resulted in an increase in cost of sales of $810 
million. These increases were partially offset by favorable operating performance and the benefit of operational restructuring 
actions and net foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies, 
which reduced cost of sales by $703 million. 
Gross profit and gross margin were $2.1 billion and 11.3% of net sales in 2016, as compared to $1.8 billion and 10.0% of net 
sales in 2015. New business and higher production volumes on key Lear platforms positively impacted gross profit by $148 
million. The impact of favorable operating performance and the benefit of operational restructuring actions of $412 million 
more than offset the impact of selling price reductions and net foreign exchange rate fluctuations of $300 million. These factors 
had a corresponding impact on gross margin. 
Selling, general and administrative expenses, including engineering and development expenses, were $622 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2016, as compared to $581 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, reflecting an increase in 
engineering and development expenses to support future business growth, as well as a $14 million non-cash settlement charge 
in connection with our lump-sum payout to certain terminated vested plan participants of our U.S. defined benefit pension 
plans. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 3.4% in 2016, as compared to 3.2% in 
2015. 
Amortization of intangible assets was $53 million in 2016 and 2015. 
Interest expense was $83 million in 2016, as compared to $87 million in 2015. 
Other (income) expense, net, which includes non-income related taxes, foreign exchange gains and losses, gains and losses 
related to certain derivative instruments and hedging activities, gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt, gains and losses 
on the disposal of fixed assets and other miscellaneous income and expense, was $6 million in 2016, as compared to $69 
million in 2015. In 2016, we recognized a gain of $30 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate. In 2015, we 
recognized a loss of $14 million related to the redemption of the remaining outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 
8.125% senior unsecured notes due 2020. Net foreign exchange losses decreased to $10 million in 2016, as compared to $23 
million in 2015. 
In 2016, the provision for income taxes was $370 million, representing an effective tax rate of 27.7% on pretax income before 
equity in net income of affiliates of $1,338 million. In 2015, the provision for income taxes was $286 million, representing an 
effective tax rate of 27.7% on pretax income before equity in net income of affiliates of $1,032 million. 
In 2016 and 2015, the provision for income taxes was impacted by the level and mix of earnings among tax jurisdictions. The 
provision was also impacted by a portion of our restructuring charges and other expenses, for which no tax benefit was 
provided as the charges were incurred in certain countries for which no tax benefit is likely to be realized due to a history of 
operating losses in those countries. In 2016, we recognized a gain of $30 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate, for 
which no tax expense was provided. In addition, we recognized net tax benefits of $24 million related to restructuring charges, 
a non-cash pension settlement charge and various other items. In 2015, we recognized net tax benefits of $43 million related to 
restructuring charges, debt redemption costs, acquisition costs and various other items. Excluding these items, the effective tax 
rate in 2016 and 2015 approximated the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 35% adjusted for income taxes on foreign 
earnings, losses and remittances, valuation allowances, tax credits, income tax incentives and other permanent items. 
For information related to our valuation allowances, see "Other Matters — Significant Accounting Policies and Critical 
Accounting Estimates — Income Taxes." 

 

52   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Equity in net income of affiliates was $72 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to $50 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2015, reflecting the increase in sales and improved operating performance of our equity affiliates in 
China. 
Net income attributable to Lear was $975 million, or $13.33 per diluted share, in 2016, as compared to $746 million, or $9.59 
per diluted share, in 2015. Net income and diluted net income per share increased for the reasons described above. In addition, 
diluted net income per share was impacted by the decrease in average shares outstanding between the periods. 

Reportable Operating Segments 
For a description of our reportable operating segments, see "Year Ended December 31, 2017, Compared with Year Ended 
December 31, 2016 — Reportable Operating Segments" above. 

Seating – 
A summary of financial measures for our Seating segment is shown below (dollar amounts in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 
Segment earnings (1) 
Margin 

(1)  See definition above. 

$ 

2016 
14,356.7
1,136.0

$

7.9%

2015 
14,098.5
907.0

6.4%

Seating net sales were $14.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to $14.1 billion for the year ended 
December 31, 2015, an increase of $258 million or 2%. New business positively impacted net sales by $656 million. This 
increase was partially offset by net foreign exchange rate fluctuations and selling price reductions, which negatively impacted 
net sales by $427 million. 
Segment earnings, including restructuring costs, and the related margin on net sales were $1,136 million and 7.9% in 2016, as 
compared to $907 million and 6.4% in 2015. New business and lower restructuring costs positively impacted segment earnings 
by $122 million. The impact of favorable operating performance and the benefit of operational restructuring actions of $261 
million more than offset the impact of selling price reductions and net foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 

E-Systems – 
A summary of financial measures for our E-Systems segment is shown below (dollar amounts in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 
Segment earnings (1) 
Margin 

(1)  See definition above. 

$ 

$

2016 
4,200.9
591.3
14.1%

2015 
4,112.9
554.4
13.5%

E-Systems net sales were $4.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to $4.1 billion for the year ended 
December 31, 2015, an increase of $88 million or 2%. New business and higher production volumes on key Lear platforms 
positively impacted net sales by $179 million and $71 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by selling 
price reductions and net foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which negatively impacted net sales by $175 million. 
Segment earnings, including restructuring costs, and the related margin on net sales were $591 million and 14.1% in 2016, as 
compared to $554 million and 13.5% in 2015. New business and higher production volumes on key Lear platforms positively 
impacted segment earnings by $52 million. The impact of improved operating performance of $111 million was offset by the 
impact of selling price reductions and net foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   53

 
 

Other – 
A summary of financial measures for our other category, which is not an operating segment, is shown below (dollar amounts in 
millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 
Segment earnings (1) 
Margin 

(1)  See definition above. 

$ 

2016 

2015 

— $

(300.1)
N/A

—
(274.6)
N/A

Segment earnings related to our other category were ($300) million in 2016, as compared to ($275) million in 2015. In 2016, 
we recognized a $34 million non-cash settlement charge in connection with our lump-sum payout to certain terminated vested 
plan participants of our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. 

Liquidity and Financial Condition 
Our primary liquidity needs are to fund general business requirements, including working capital requirements, capital 
expenditures, operational restructuring actions and debt service requirements. In addition, we expect to continue to pay 
quarterly dividends and repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our authorized common stock share repurchase 
program (see Item 5, "Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities"). Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under available credit 
facilities and our existing cash balance. A substantial portion of our operating income is generated by our subsidiaries. As a 
result, we are dependent on the earnings and cash flows of and the combination of dividends, royalties, intercompany loan 
repayments and other distributions and advances from our subsidiaries to provide the funds necessary to meet our obligations. 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, cash and cash equivalents of $952 million and $767 million, respectively, were held in 
foreign subsidiaries and can be repatriated, primarily through the repayment of intercompany loans and the payment of 
dividends, without creating additional income tax expense. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries 
to pay dividends or make other distributions to Lear. For further information regarding potential dividends from our non-U.S. 
subsidiaries, see "— Adequacy of Liquidity Sources," below and Note 7, "Income Taxes," to the consolidated financial 
statements included in this Report. 

Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 2017, Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2016 
A summary of net cash provided by operating activities is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Consolidated net income and depreciation and amortization 
Net change in working capital items: 
Accounts receivable 
Inventory 
Accounts payable 
Accrued liabilities and other 
Net change in working capital items 

Other 
Net cash provided by operating activities 

2017 

 
1,809   $ 
   
(115)  
(76)  
195   
68   
72   
(98)  
1,783   $ 

2016 

1,419 $
 

(176)
(54)
158
160
88
112

1,619 $

$
 

$

Incremental 

Increase 

(Decrease) in 

Operating 
Cash Flow 

390

61
(22)
37
(92)
(16)
(210)
164

In 2017, increases in accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable primarily reflect higher working capital to support 
the increase in our sales. In 2017, changes in accrued liabilities and other primarily reflect the timing of payment of accrued 
liabilities. Other includes our deferred tax (benefit) provision, which was ($81) million in 2017, as compared to $104 million in 
2016, resulting in a decrease in operating cash flows of $185 million between years. 

 

54   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Net cash used in investing activities was $869 million in 2017, as compared to $637 million in 2016. In 2017, we paid $292 
million for the acquisition of Antolin Seating. In 2016, we paid $149 million for the acquisition of AccuMED Holdings Corp. 
("AccuMED"). Capital spending in 2018 is estimated at $630 million. 
Net cash used in financing activities was $742 million in 2017, as compared to $873 million in 2016. In 2017, we received net 
proceeds of $745 million related to the issuance of the 2027 Notes, paid $517 million related to the redemption of the 
outstanding 2023 Notes and repaid a net of $203 million in connection with the refinancing of the Credit Agreement (see "— 
Credit Agreement" and "— Senior Notes" below). Also in 2017, we paid $451 million for repurchases of our common stock, 
$138 million of dividends to Lear stockholders and $82 million of dividends to noncontrolling interest holders. In 2016, we 
paid $659 million for repurchases of our common stock, $89 million of dividends to Lear stockholders and $33 million of 
dividends to noncontrolling interest holders. 
For further information regarding our 2017 and 2016 financing transactions, see "— Capitalization" below and Note 6, "Debt," 
and Note 9, "Capital Stock, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and Equity," to the consolidated financial statements 
included in this Report. 

Year Ended December 31, 2016, Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2015 
A summary of net cash provided by operating activities is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Consolidated net income and depreciation and amortization 
Net change in working capital items: 
Accounts receivable 
Inventory 
Accounts payable 
Accrued liabilities and other 
Net change in working capital items 

Other 
Net cash provided by operating activities 

2016 

 
1,419   $ 
   
(176)  
(54)  
158   
160   
88   
112   
1,619   $ 

2015 

1,144 $
 

(173)
4
76
151
58
69

1,271 $

$
 

$

Incremental 

Increase 

(Decrease) in 

Operating 
Cash Flow 

275

(3)
(58)
82
9
30
43
348

In 2016, increases in accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable primarily reflect higher working capital to support 
the increase in our sales. In 2016, changes in accrued liabilities and other primarily reflect the timing of payment of accrued 
liabilities. 
Net cash used in investing activities was $637 million in 2016, as compared to $965 million in 2015. In 2016, we paid $149 
million for the acquisition of AccuMED. In 2015, we paid $465 million for the acquisition of Everett Smith Group Ltd., the 
parent of Eagle Ottawa, LLC ("Eagle Ottawa"). 
Net cash used in financing activities was $873 million in 2016, as compared to $156 million in 2015. In 2016 and 2015, we 
paid $659 million and $487 million, respectively, for repurchases of our common stock. In 2015, we borrowed $500 million 
under our prior term loan facility (see "— Credit Agreement" below) to finance, in part, the acquisition of Eagle Ottawa. 
For further information regarding our 2016 and 2015 financing transactions, see "— Capitalization" below and Note 6, "Debt," 
and Note 9, "Capital Stock, Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss," to the consolidated financial statements 
included in this Report. 

Capitalization 
From time to time, we utilize committed and uncommitted credit facilities to fund our capital expenditures and working capital 
requirements at certain of our foreign subsidiaries, in addition to cash provided by operating activities. As of December 31, 
2017, we had no short-term debt balances outstanding. As of December 31, 2016, our short-term debt balance was $9 million. 
The availability of uncommitted lines of credit may be affected by our financial performance, credit ratings and other factors. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   55

 
 

Senior Notes 
As of December 31, 2017, our senior notes (collectively, the "Notes") consist of the amounts shown below (in millions, except 
stated coupon rates): 

Note 

Senior unsecured notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes") 
Senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes") 
Senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the "2027 Notes") 
 

The issue, maturity and interest payable dates of the Notes are shown below: 

Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount at 
Maturity 

325 
650 
750 
1,725 

 

 $ 
 
 
 $ 

Stated Coupon 

Rate 

5.375% 
5.25% 
3.8% 

 

Note 

2024 Notes 
2025 Notes 
2027 Notes 

Issuance Date 
March 2014 

November 2014   

Maturity Date 

 
  March 15, 2024 
January 15, 2025 

Interest Payable Dates 

March 15 and September 15 

January 15 and July 15 

August 2017 

  September 15, 2027 March 15 and September 15 

The 2027 Notes were priced at 99.294% of par, resulting in a yield to maturity of 3.885%. The proceeds from the offering of 
$745 million, after original issue discount, were used to redeem the outstanding $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 
the 2023 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" premium 
of $17 million, as well as to refinance a portion of our $500 million prior term loan facility (see "— Credit Agreement" below). 
In connection with these transactions, we recognized a loss of $21 million on the extinguishment of debt and paid related 
issuance costs of $6 million. 
The Notes are senior unsecured obligations. As discussed further in "— Credit Agreement" below, upon termination of our 
prior credit agreement, the subsidiaries that previously guaranteed the 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes were automatically released 
as guarantors. There are currently no guarantors of our obligations under the Notes. 
The indentures governing the Notes contain certain restrictive covenants and customary events of default. As of December 31, 
2017, we were in compliance with all covenants under the indentures governing the Notes. 
For further information related to the Notes, including information on early redemption, covenants and events of default, see 
Note 6, "Debt," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report and the indentures governing the Notes which 
have been incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Report. 

Credit Agreement 
In August 2017, we entered into a new Credit Agreement consisting of a $1.75 billion Revolving Credit Facility and a $250 
Term Loan Facility, both of which mature on August 8, 2022. In connection with this transaction, we borrowed $250 million 
under the Term Loan Facility. At the same time, we terminated our previously existing credit agreement, which consisted of a 
$1.25 billion revolving credit facility and a $500 million term loan facility, and repaid amounts outstanding under the term loan 
facility of $453 million. Together with the offering of the 2027 Notes, these transactions extended our maturity profile and 
increased our operational flexibility and borrowing capacity. 
The Credit Agreement eliminated subsidiary guarantees required under our prior credit agreement. There are currently no 
guarantors of our obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
As of December 31, 2017, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement.  
For further information related to the Credit Agreement, including information on pricing, covenants and events of default, see 
Note 6, "Debt," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report and the amended and restated credit agreement, 
which has been incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Report. 

 

56   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Contractual Obligations 
The scheduled maturities of the Notes, obligations under the Credit Agreement and the scheduled interest payments on the 
Notes as of the date of this Report are shown below (in millions). In addition, our lease commitments under non-cancelable 
operating leases as of December 31, 2017, are shown below (in millions):  

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

  Thereafter 

 
Senior notes 
Credit agreement — 
term loan facility 

Scheduled interest payments 
Lease commitments 
Total 

$ 

2018 

$ 

 
—    $ 

 

6
 
83   
103   
192    $ 

— $

8
80
90
178 $

— $

14
80
77
171 $

— $

14
80
60
154 $

—    $ 

 
206
 
80   
49   
335    $ 

1,725 $

—
254
170

2,149 $

Total 

1,725

248
657
549
3,179

We enter into agreements with our customers to produce products at the beginning of a vehicle’s life cycle. Although such 
agreements do not provide for a specified quantity of products, once we enter into such agreements, we are generally required 
to fulfill our customers’ purchasing requirements for the production life of the vehicle. Prior to being formally awarded a 
program, we typically work closely with our customers in the early stages of the design and engineering of a vehicle’s systems. 
Failure to complete the design and engineering work related to a vehicle’s systems, or to fulfill a customer’s contract, could 
have a material adverse impact on our business. 
We also enter into agreements with suppliers to assist us in meeting our customers’ production needs. These agreements vary as 
to duration and quantity commitments. Historically, most have been short-term agreements, which do not provide for minimum 
purchases, or are requirements-based contracts. 
We may be required to make significant cash outlays related to our unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties. 
However, due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable 
to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. 
Accordingly, unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $43 million as of December 31, 2017, have been 
excluded from the contractual obligations table above. For further information related to our unrecognized tax benefits, see 
Note 7, "Income Taxes," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 
We also have minimum funding requirements with respect to our pension obligation. We may elect to make contributions in 
excess of the minimum funding requirements in response to investment performance or changes in interest rates or when we 
believe that it is financially advantageous to do so and based on our other cash requirements. Our minimum funding 
requirements after 2018 will depend on several factors, including investment performance and interest rates. Our minimum 
funding requirements may also be affected by changes in applicable legal requirements. Our minimum required contributions to 
our domestic and foreign pension plans, including distributions to participants in certain of our non-qualified defined benefit 
plans, are expected to be approximately $10 million to $15 million in 2018. We also have payments due with respect to our 
postretirement benefit obligation. We do not fund our postretirement benefit obligation. Rather, payments are made as costs are 
incurred by covered retirees. We expect payments related to our postretirement benefit obligation to be approximately $6 
million in 2018. 
For further information related to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans, see "— Other Matters — Pension and 
Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans" and Note 8, "Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans," to the consolidated 
financial statements included in this Report. 

Accounts Receivable Factoring 
One of our European subsidiaries has an uncommitted factoring agreement, which provides for aggregate purchases of 
specified customer accounts of up to €200 million. As of December 31, 2017, there were no factored receivables outstanding. 
We cannot provide any assurances that this factoring facility will be available or utilized in the future.  

Common Stock Share Repurchase Program 
See Item 5, "Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities." 

Dividends 
See Item 5, "Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities." 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   57

 
 

Adequacy of Liquidity Sources 
As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately $1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand and $1.75 billion in 
available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility. Together with cash provided by operating activities, we 
believe that this will enable us to meet our liquidity needs to satisfy ordinary course business obligations. In addition, we 
expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends and repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our authorized common 
stock share repurchase program (see Item 5, "Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and 
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities"). Our future financial results and our ability to continue to meet our liquidity needs are 
subject to, and will be affected by, cash flows from operations, including the impact of restructuring activities, automotive 
industry conditions, the financial condition of our customers and suppliers and other related factors. Additionally, an economic 
downturn or reduction in production levels could negatively impact our financial condition. For further discussion of the risks 
and uncertainties affecting our cash flows from operations and our overall liquidity, see Part I — Item 1A, "Risk Factors," "— 
Executive Overview" above and "— Forward-Looking Statements" below. 

Market Risk Sensitivity 
In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risks associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest 
rates and commodity prices. We manage a portion of these risks through the use of derivative financial instruments in 
accordance with our policies. We enter into all hedging transactions for periods consistent with the underlying exposures. We 
do not enter into derivative instruments for trading purposes. 

Foreign Exchange 
Operating results may be impacted by our buying, selling and financing in currencies other than the functional currency of our 
operating companies ("transactional exposure"). We may mitigate a portion of this risk by entering into forward foreign 
exchange, futures and option contracts. The foreign exchange contracts are executed with banks that we believe are 
creditworthy. Gains and losses related to foreign exchange contracts are deferred where appropriate and included in the 
measurement of the foreign currency transaction subject to the hedge. Gains and losses incurred related to foreign exchange 
contracts are generally offset by the direct effects of currency movements on the underlying transactions. 
A summary of the notional amount and estimated aggregate fair value of our outstanding foreign exchange contracts is shown 
below (in millions): 

December 31 
Notional amount (contract maturities < 24 months)  $
Fair value 

2017 

2016 

2,220 $

(23)

1,956
(54)

Currently, our most significant foreign currency transactional exposures relate to the Mexican peso, various European 
currencies, the Thai baht, the Chinese renminbi, the Brazilian real, the Japanese yen and the Canadian dollar. We have 
performed a sensitivity analysis of our net transactional exposure, as shown below (in millions): 

 

December 31 
U.S. dollar 
Euro 

 

 

Potential Earnings Benefit 
(Adverse Earnings Impact) 

Hypothetical 

Strengthening % (1)   

10% 
10% 

 $
 

2017 

2016 

(19) $
25

(19)
16

(1)   Relative to all other currencies to which it is exposed for a twelve-month period 

We have performed a sensitivity analysis related to the aggregate fair value of our outstanding foreign exchange contracts, as 
shown below (in millions): 

 

 

December 31 
U.S. dollar 
Euro 

 

 

 $
 

Hypothetical 
Change % (2) 
10% 
10% 

Estimated Change in Fair Value 

2017 

2016 

23 $
76

50
35

(2)   Relative to all other currencies to which it is exposed 

 

58   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

There are certain shortcomings inherent in the sensitivity analyses above. The analyses assume that all currencies would 
uniformly strengthen or weaken relative to the U.S. dollar or Euro. In reality, some currencies may strengthen while others may 
weaken, causing the earnings impact to increase or decrease depending on the currency and the direction of the rate movement. 
In addition to the transactional exposure described above, our operating results are impacted by the translation of our foreign 
operating income into U.S. dollars ("translational exposure"). In 2017, net sales outside of the United States accounted for 81% 
of our consolidated net sales, although certain non-U.S. sales are U.S. dollar denominated. We do not enter into foreign 
exchange contracts to mitigate our translational exposure. 

Commodity Prices 
Raw material, energy and commodity costs can be volatile. We have developed and implemented strategies to mitigate the 
impact of higher raw material, energy and commodity costs, such as the selective in-sourcing of components, the continued 
consolidation of our supply base, longer-term purchase commitments and the selective expansion of low-cost country sourcing 
and engineering, as well as value engineering and product benchmarking. However, these strategies, together with commercial 
negotiations with our customers and suppliers, typically offset only a portion of the adverse impact. Certain of these strategies 
also may limit our opportunities in a declining commodity cost environment. If these costs increase, it could have an adverse 
impact on our operating results in the foreseeable future. See Part I — Item 1A, "Risk Factors — Increases in the costs and 
restrictions on the availability of raw materials, energy, commodities and product components could adversely affect our 
financial performance," and "— Forward-Looking Statements." 
We have commodity price risk with respect to purchases of certain raw materials, including steel, copper, diesel fuel, 
chemicals, resins and leather. Our main cost exposures relate to steel, copper and leather. The majority of the steel used in our 
products is comprised of fabricated components that are integrated into a seat system, such as seat frames, recliner mechanisms, 
seat tracks and other mechanical components. Therefore, our exposure to changes in steel prices is primarily indirect, through 
these purchased components. Approximately 89% of our copper purchases and a significant portion of our leather purchases are 
subject to price index agreements with our customers. 
For further information related to the financial instruments described above, see Note 13, "Financial Instruments," to the 
consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Other Matters 

Legal and Environmental Matters 
We are involved from time to time in various legal proceedings and claims, including, without limitation, commercial and 
contractual disputes, product liability claims and environmental and other matters. As of December 31, 2017, we had recorded 
reserves for pending legal disputes, including commercial disputes and other matters, of $26 million. In addition, as of 
December 31, 2017, we had recorded reserves for product liability claims and environmental matters of $47 million and $9 
million, respectively. Although these reserves were determined in accordance with GAAP, the ultimate outcomes of these 
matters are inherently uncertain, and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. For a description of risks 
related to various legal proceedings and claims, see Part I — Item 1A, "Risk Factors." For a more complete description of our 
outstanding material legal proceedings, see Note 11, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the consolidated financial 
statements included in this Report. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 
Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to the 
consolidated financial statements included in this Report. Certain of our accounting policies require management to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial 
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions 
are based on our historical experience, the terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the industry, information 
provided by our customers and suppliers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. However, these 
estimates and assumptions are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. As a result, actual results in these areas may differ 
significantly from our estimates. 
We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if it requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the 
time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate would have had a significant impact on our consolidated financial 
position or results of operations. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   59

 
 

Pre-Production Costs Related to Long-Term Supply Agreements 
We incur pre-production engineering and development ("E&D") and tooling costs related to the products produced for our 
customers under long-term supply agreements. We expense all pre-production E&D costs for which reimbursement is not 
contractually guaranteed by the customer. In addition, we expense all pre-production tooling costs related to customer-owned 
tools for which reimbursement is not contractually guaranteed by the customer or for which we do not have a non-cancelable 
right to use the tooling. 
A change in the commercial arrangements affecting any of our significant programs that would require us to expense E&D or 
tooling costs that we currently capitalize could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. 

Impairment of Goodwill 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had recorded goodwill of $1,401 million and $1,121 million, respectively. Goodwill is 
not amortized but is tested for impairment on at least an annual basis. Impairment testing is required more often than annually 
if an event or circumstance indicates that an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. In conducting our annual 
impairment testing, we may first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit’s 
fair value is less than its carrying amount. If not, no further goodwill impairment testing is performed. If it is more likely than 
not that a reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment of a 
reporting unit, we then compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the related net book value. If the net book value of a 
reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is measured and recognized. We conduct our annual impairment testing 
as of the first day of our fourth quarter. 
We utilize an income approach to estimate the fair value of each of our reporting units and a market valuation approach to 
further support this analysis. The income approach is based on projected debt-free cash flow which is discounted to the present 
value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. We believe that this approach is appropriate 
because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting unit’s expected long-term operating cash flow performance. 
This approach also mitigates the impact of cyclical trends that occur in the industry. Fair value is estimated using recent 
automotive industry and specific platform production volume projections, which are based on both third-party and internally 
developed forecasts, as well as commercial and discount rate assumptions. The discount rate used is the value-weighted 
average of our estimated cost of equity and of debt ("cost of capital") derived using both known and estimated customary 
market metrics. Our weighted average cost of capital is adjusted by reporting unit to reflect a risk factor, if necessary. Other 
significant assumptions include terminal value growth rates, terminal value margin rates, future capital expenditures and 
changes in future working capital requirements. While there are inherent uncertainties related to the assumptions used and to 
management’s application of these assumptions to this analysis, we believe that the income approach provides a reasonable 
estimate of the fair value of our reporting units. The market valuation approach is used to further support our analysis and is 
based on recent transactions involving comparable companies. 
In 2017, we performed a qualitative assessment of our reporting units. The assessment was completed as of the first day of our 
fourth quarter. The assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units 
exceeded its respective carrying value. We do not believe that any of our reporting units is at risk for impairment. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
We monitor our long-lived assets for impairment indicators on an ongoing basis in accordance with GAAP. If impairment 
indicators exist, we perform the required impairment analysis by comparing the undiscounted cash flows expected to be 
generated from the long-lived assets to the related net book values. If the net book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, 
an impairment loss is measured and recognized. An impairment loss is measured as the difference between the net book value 
and the fair value of the long-lived assets. Fair value is estimated based upon either discounted cash flow analyses or estimated 
salvage values. Cash flows are estimated using internal budgets based on recent sales data, independent automotive production 
volume estimates and customer commitments, as well as assumptions related to discount rates. Changes in economic or 
operating conditions impacting these estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of our long-lived assets. 
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we recognized fixed asset impairment charges of $1 million, $5 
million and $4 million, respectively, in conjunction with our restructuring actions, as well as additional fixed asset impairment 
charges of $2 million, $1 million and $2 million, respectively. See Note 4, "Restructuring," to the consolidated financial 
statements included in this Report. 

Impairment of Investments in Affiliates 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had aggregate investments in affiliates of $147 million and $154 million, respectively. 
We monitor our investments in affiliates for indicators of other-than-temporary declines in value on an ongoing basis in 
accordance with GAAP. If we determine that an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred, we recognize an 

 

60   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

impairment loss, which is measured as the difference between the recorded book value and the fair value of the investment. Fair 
value is generally determined using an income approach based on discounted cash flows or negotiated transaction values. A 
deterioration in industry conditions and decline in the operating results of our non-consolidated affiliates could result in the 
impairment of our investments. 

Restructuring 
Accruals have been recorded in conjunction with our restructuring actions. These accruals include estimates primarily related to 
facility consolidations and closures, employment reductions and contract termination costs. Actual costs may vary from these 
estimates. Restructuring-related accruals are reviewed on a quarterly basis, and changes to restructuring actions are 
appropriately recognized when identified. 

Legal and Other Contingencies 
We are involved from time to time in various legal proceedings and claims, including commercial or contractual disputes, 
product liability claims and environmental and other matters, that arise in the normal course of business. We routinely assess 
the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes related to these matters, as well as ranges of probable losses, by 
consulting with internal personnel principally involved with such matters and with our outside legal counsel handling such 
matters. We have accrued for estimated losses in accordance with GAAP for those matters where we believe that the likelihood 
that a loss has occurred is probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. The determination of the amount of such 
reserves is based on knowledge and experience with regard to past and current matters and consultation with internal personnel 
principally involved with such matters and with our outside legal counsel handling such matters. The amount of such reserves 
may change in the future due to new developments or changes in circumstances. The inherent uncertainty related to the 
outcome of these matters can result in amounts materially different from any provisions made with respect to their resolution. 
See Note 11, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans 
We provide certain pension and other postretirement benefits to our employees and retired employees, including pensions, 
postretirement health care benefits and other postretirement benefits. 
Approximately 7% of our active workforce is covered by defined benefit pension plans, and less than 1% of our active 
workforce is covered by other postretirement benefit plans. Pension plans provide benefits based on plan-specific benefit 
formulas as defined by the applicable plan documents. Postretirement benefit plans generally provide for the continuation of 
medical benefits for all eligible employees. We also have contractual arrangements with certain employees which provide for 
supplemental retirement benefits. In general, our policy is to fund our pension benefit obligation based on legal requirements, 
tax and liquidity considerations and local practices. We do not fund our postretirement benefit obligation. 
Plan assets and obligations are measured using various actuarial assumptions, such as discount rates, rate of compensation 
increase, mortality rates, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates, which are determined as of the current year 
measurement date. The measurement of net periodic benefit cost is based on various actuarial assumptions, including discount 
rates, expected return on plan assets and rate of compensation increase, which are determined as of the prior year measurement 
date. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and modify these assumptions when appropriate. As required by 
GAAP, the effects of the modifications are recorded currently or are amortized over future periods. 
The determination of the discount rate is generally based on an index created from a hypothetical bond portfolio consisting of 
high-quality fixed income securities with durations that match the timing of expected benefit payments. Changes in the selected 
discount rate could have a material impact on the projected benefit obligations, unfunded status and related net periodic benefit 
cost of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
The expected return on plan assets is determined based on several factors, including adjusted historical returns, historical risk 
premiums for various asset classes and target asset allocations within the portfolio. Adjustments made to the historical returns 
are based on recent return experience in the equity and fixed income markets and the belief that deviations from historical 
returns are likely over the relevant investment horizon. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   61

 
 

Key assumptions are shown below: 

 
Benefit obligations as of December 31, 2017 
Discount rate - 
Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 
Net periodic benefit cost for the year ended December 31, 2017 
Discount rate - 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

Expected return on plan assets - 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

Net periodic benefit cost for the year ended December 31, 2018 (1) 
Discount rate - 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

Expected return on plan assets - 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

(1) Forecasted 

$ 
 

$ 
 

 

$ 
 

 

Pension 
1,049

Other 

Postretirement
98

$
 

3.6%
3.1%

7

4.1%
3.3%

$
 

 

7.3%
6.3%
(1)  $
 

3.6%
3.1%

 

6.5%
5.9%

3.5%
3.5%

2

3.9%
3.9%

N/A
N/A
1

3.5%
3.5%

N/A
N/A

The sensitivity to a 100 basis point ("bp") decrease in the discount rate and expected return on plan assets is shown below (in 
millions): 

 

Increase in Benefit Obligation 

 

 
100 bp decrease in discount rate 
100 bp decrease in expected return on plan assets 

$

Pension 

162 $
N/A

Other 

Postretirement   

13    $ 
N/A   $ 

Increase in 2018 

Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
Other 

Pension 

Postretirement 
1
N/A

4 $
8

For further information related to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans, see "— Liquidity and Financial Condition 
— Capitalization — Contractual Obligations" above and Note 8, "Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans," to the 
consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Revenue Recognition and Sales Commitments 
We enter into agreements with our customers to produce products at the beginning of a vehicle’s life cycle. Although such 
agreements do not provide for a specified quantity of products, once we enter into such agreements, we are generally required 
to fulfill our customers’ purchasing requirements for the production life of the vehicle. These agreements generally may be 
terminated by our customers at any time. Historically, terminations of these agreements have been minimal. Sales are generally 
recorded upon shipment of product to customers and transfer of title under standard commercial terms. In certain instances, we 
may be committed under existing agreements to supply products to our customers at selling prices which are not sufficient to 
cover the direct cost to produce such products. In such situations, we recognize losses as they are incurred. 
We receive purchase orders from our customers on an annual basis. Generally, each purchase order provides the annual terms, 
including pricing, related to a particular vehicle model. Purchase orders do not specify quantities. We recognize revenue based 
on the pricing terms included in our annual purchase orders. We are asked to provide our customers with annual productivity 
price reductions as part of certain agreements. We accrue for such amounts as a reduction of revenue as our products are 
shipped to our customers. In addition, we have ongoing adjustments to our pricing arrangements with our customers based on 
the related content, the cost of our products and other commercial factors. Such pricing accruals are adjusted as they are settled 
with our customers. 

 

62   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Income Taxes 
We account for income taxes in accordance with GAAP. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax 
consequences attributable to temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and 
liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax loss and credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured 
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to 
be recovered or settled. 
Our current and future provision for income taxes is impacted by the initial recognition of and changes in valuation allowances 
in certain countries. We intend to maintain these allowances until it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be 
realized. Our future provision for income taxes will include no tax benefit with respect to losses incurred and, except for certain 
jurisdictions, no tax expense with respect to income generated in these countries until the respective valuation allowances are 
eliminated. Accordingly, income taxes are impacted by changes in valuation allowances and the mix of earnings among 
jurisdictions. We evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. In completing this evaluation, we 
consider all available evidence in order to determine whether, based on the weight of the evidence, a valuation allowance for 
our deferred tax assets is necessary. Such evidence includes historical results, future reversals of existing taxable temporary 
differences and expectations for future taxable income (exclusive of the reversal of temporary differences and carryforwards), 
as well as the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. If, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more 
likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. As of 
December 31, 2017, we had a valuation allowance related to tax loss and credit carryforwards and other deferred tax assets of 
$21 million in the United States and $381 million in several international jurisdictions. If operating results improve or decline 
on a continual basis in a particular jurisdiction, our decision regarding the need for a valuation allowance could change, 
resulting in either the initial recognition or reversal of a valuation allowance in that jurisdiction, which could have a significant 
impact on income tax expense in the period recognized and subsequent periods. In determining the provision for income taxes 
for financial statement purposes, we make certain estimates and judgments, which affect our evaluation of the carrying value of 
our deferred tax assets, as well as our calculation of certain tax liabilities. 
The calculation of our gross unrecognized tax benefits and liabilities includes uncertainties in the application of, and changes 
in, complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. We recognize tax benefits and liabilities 
based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. We adjust these benefits and liabilities 
based on changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of these uncertainties and the impact of tax audits, 
the ultimate resolutions may differ significantly from our estimates. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Act") was enacted on December 22, 2017. The Act reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate 
from 35% to 21%, requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on all offshore earnings that were previously tax 
deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. As of December 31, 2017, we have not completed our 
accounting for the tax effects of the Act; however, in certain cases, as described below, we have made a reasonable estimate of 
the effects on our existing deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax. In the year ended December 31, 2017, the 
provision for income taxes includes provisional income tax expense of $174 million related to items for which we were able to 
determine a reasonable estimate. In all cases, we will continue to make and refine our calculations as additional analysis is 
completed. In addition, our estimates may be affected as additional regulatory guidance is issued with respect to the Act. Any 
adjustments to the provisional amounts will be recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes in the period in 
which such adjustments are determined, but in any event, no later than the fourth quarter of 2018. 

Provisional Amounts 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities: We remeasured our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities at 21%. However, we are still 
analyzing certain aspects of the Act and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of these 
balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts. In the year ended December 31, 2017, the provision for income 
taxes includes provisional income tax expense of $43 million related to the remeasurement of deferred tax balances. 
Transition Tax on Deferred Foreign Earnings: The one-time transition tax is based on our post-1986 earnings and profits 
("E&P") that were previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. In the year ended December 31, 2017, the provision for income 
taxes includes provisional income tax expense of $131 million related to the one-time transition tax liability of our foreign 
subsidiaries. We have not completed our calculation of the total post-1986 E&P for these foreign subsidiaries. Further, the 
transition tax is based in part on the amount of those earnings held in cash and other specified assets. This amount may change 
when we finalize the calculation of post-1986 E&P previously deferred from U.S. income taxes and the amounts held in cash or 
other specified assets. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not 
subject to the transition tax. However, we continue to recognize a deferred tax liability related to foreign withholding tax that 
will be incurred for undistributed foreign earnings that are not permanently reinvested. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   63

 
 

For further information, see "— Forward-Looking Statements," and Note 7, "Income Taxes," to the consolidated financial 
statements included in this Report. 

Fair Value Measurements 
We measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3 input based 
on the GAAP fair value hierarchy). For further information on these fair value measurements, see "— Impairment of 
Goodwill," "— Impairment of Long-Lived Assets," "— Restructuring" and "— Impairment of Investments in Affiliates" above. 

Use of Estimates 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and 
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. During 2017, there were no material changes in the 
methods or policies used to establish estimates and assumptions. Other matters subject to estimation and judgment include 
amounts related to accounts receivable realization, inventory obsolescence, asset impairments, useful lives of fixed and 
intangible assets, unsettled pricing discussions with customers and suppliers, restructuring accruals, deferred tax asset valuation 
allowances and income taxes, pension and other postretirement benefit plan assumptions, accruals related to litigation, warranty 
and environmental remediation costs and self-insurance accruals. Actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
For information on the impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 15, "Accounting Pronouncements," to 
the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on 
our behalf. The words "will," "may," "designed to," "outlook," "believes," "should," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," 
"estimates," "forecasts" and similar expressions identify certain of these forward-looking statements. We also may provide 
forward-looking statements in oral statements or other written materials released to the public. All such forward-looking 
statements contained or incorporated in this Report or in any other public statements which address operating performance, 
events or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future, including, without limitation, statements related to 
business opportunities, awarded sales contracts, sales backlog and ongoing commercial arrangements, or statements expressing 
views about future operating results, are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from any or all 
forward-looking statements made by us. Important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ 
materially from anticipated results include, but are not limited to: 
•  

general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate, including changes in interest rates or currency exchange 
rates; 
currency controls and the ability to economically hedge currencies; 
the financial condition and restructuring actions of our customers and suppliers; 
changes in actual industry vehicle production levels from our current estimates; 
fluctuations in the production of vehicles or the loss of business with respect to, or the lack of commercial success of, a 
vehicle model for which we are a significant supplier; 
disruptions in the relationships with our suppliers; 
labor disputes involving us or our significant customers or suppliers or that otherwise affect us; 
the outcome of customer negotiations and the impact of customer-imposed price reductions; 
the impact and timing of program launch costs and our management of new program launches; 
the costs, timing and success of restructuring actions; 
increases in our warranty, product liability or recall costs; 
risks associated with conducting business in foreign countries; 
the impact of regulations on our foreign operations; 
the operational and financial success of our joint ventures; 

•  
•  
•  
•  

•  
•  
•  
•  
•  
•  
•  
•  
•  

 

64   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

•  
•  
•  

•  
•  
•  
•  

•  
•  
•  
•  
•  
•  
•  

•  

•  
•  

competitive conditions impacting us and our key customers and suppliers; 
disruptions to our information technology systems, including those related to cybersecurity; 
the cost and availability of raw materials, energy, commodities and product components and our ability to mitigate such 
costs; 
the outcome of legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are or may become a party; 
the impact of pending legislation and regulations or changes in existing federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulations; 
unanticipated changes in cash flow, including our ability to align our vendor payment terms with those of our customers; 
limitations imposed by our existing indebtedness and our ability to access capital markets on commercially reasonable 
terms; 
impairment charges initiated by adverse industry or market developments; 
our ability to execute our strategic objectives; 
changes in discount rates and the actual return on pension assets; 
costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations; 
developments or assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights; 
our ability to utilize our net operating loss, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards; 
global sovereign fiscal matters and creditworthiness, including potential defaults and the related impacts on economic 
activity, including the possible effects on credit markets, currency values, monetary unions, international treaties and 
fiscal policies; 
the impact of potential changes in tax and trade policies in the United States and related actions by countries in which we 
do business; 
the anticipated changes in economic and other relationships between the United Kingdom and the European Union; and 
other risks, described in Part I — Item 1A, "Risk Factors," as well as the risks and information provided from time to time 
in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The forward-looking statements in this Report are made as of the date hereof, and we do not assume any obligation to update, 
amend or clarify them to reflect events, new information or circumstances occurring after the date hereof. 

 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   65

 
 

 

ITEM 8 – CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 

SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 
Page
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ................................................................
67
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 .........................................................................................
69
70
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 ..............................................
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 ....................
71
Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 ...............................................
72
74
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 .......................................
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ...........................................................................................................................
75
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts .................................................................................................................. 115

 

66   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Lear Corporation 
 
Opinion on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lear Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as 
of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and 
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial 
statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, 
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years 
in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 6, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion 
thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the 
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities 
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those 
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made 
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits 
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002. 
Detroit, Michigan 
February 6, 2018  

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   67

 
 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Lear Corporation 
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
We have audited Lear Corporation and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, 
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Lear Corporation 
and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as 
of December 31, 2017, based on the COSO criteria. 
As indicated in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, 
management’s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not 
include the internal controls of Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business ("Antolin Seating"), which is included in 
the 2017 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 4% of total assets as of December 31, 2017, 
and 2% of net sales for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also 
did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Antolin Seating. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Lear Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the 
three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule, and our 
report dated February 6, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
Basis for Opinion 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its 
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s 
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with 
the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that 
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate. 
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
Detroit, Michigan 
February 6, 2018 

 

68   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(In millions, except share data) 

December 31, 
Assets 
Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
Accounts receivable 
Inventories 
Other 

Total current assets 

Long-Term Assets: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
Goodwill 
Other 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 
Current Liabilities: 

Short-term borrowings 
Accounts payable and drafts 
Accrued liabilities 
Current portion of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Long-term debt 
Other 

Total long-term liabilities 

 
Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 
Equity: 

Preferred stock, 100,000,000 shares authorized (including 10,896,250 shares 
 of Series A convertible preferred stock authorized); no shares outstanding 
Common stock, $0.01 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 72,563,291 and 
80,563,291 shares issued as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively 
Additional paid-in capital 
Common stock held in treasury, 5,689,527 and 11,131,648 shares 
as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, at cost 
Retained earnings 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Lear Corporation stockholders’ equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated balance sheets. 

 

 
 
$ 

 

$ 
 
 
$ 

 

 

 
 

$ 

2017 

2016 

 
 
1,500.4  $
3,230.8 
1,205.7 
676.1 
6,613.0 

 

2,459.4 
1,401.3 
1,472.2 
5,332.9 
11,945.9  $
 
 
—  $

3,167.2 
1,678.1 
9.0 
4,854.3 

 

 

 
 

1,951.5 
694.1 
2,645.6 

153.4 

—

 

 

0.7
1,215.4 

(724.1)
4,171.9 
(513.4)
4,150.5 
142.1 
4,292.6 
11,945.9  $

1,271.6
2,746.5
1,020.6
610.6
5,649.3

2,019.3
1,121.3
1,110.7
4,251.3
9,900.6

8.6
2,640.5
1,497.6
35.6
4,182.3

1,898.0
627.4
2,525.4

—

—

0.8
1,385.3

(1,200.2)
3,706.9
(835.6)
3,057.2
135.7
3,192.9
9,900.6

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   69

 
 

LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
(In millions, except share and per share data) 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net sales 
Cost of sales 
Selling, general and administrative expenses 
Amortization of intangible assets 
Interest expense 
Other (income) expense, net 

Consolidated income before provision for income taxes and equity in 
net income of affiliates 

Provision for income taxes 
Equity in net income of affiliates 

Consolidated net income 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income attributable to Lear 

 
Basic net income per share available to Lear common stockholders 
 
Diluted net income per share available to Lear common stockholders 
 
Average common shares outstanding 
 
Average diluted shares outstanding 

$

$
 
$
 
$
 

 

2017 
20,467.0 $ 
18,175.9
635.2
47.6
85.7
(4.1)

1,526.7
197.5
(51.7)
1,380.9
67.5

1,313.4 $ 
 
18.79 $ 
 
18.59 $ 
 

2016 
18,557.6  $
16,455.5 
621.9 
53.0 
82.5 
6.4 
 
1,338.3
370.2 
(72.4)
1,040.5 
65.4 
975.1  $
 
13.48  $
 
13.33  $
 

72,345,436 

68,542,363

69,277,981

 

 

73,124,949 

2015 
18,211.4
16,391.6
580.5
52.5
86.7
68.6

1,031.5
285.5
(49.8)
795.8
50.3
745.5

9.71

9.59

76,754,270

77,767,017

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 

70   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
(In millions) 

For the year ended December 31, 
Consolidated net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Defined benefit plan adjustments 
Derivative instruments and hedging activities 
Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

Consolidated comprehensive income 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

2017 

1,380.9 $ 
 

$
 

8.8
22.2
305.0
336.0
1,716.9
81.3

Comprehensive income attributable to Lear 

$

1,635.6 $ 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

2016 
1,040.5  $
 

1.8 
(6.4)
(109.5)
(114.1)
926.4 
56.8 
869.6  $

2015 

795.8

24.6
(5.5)
(251.1)
(232.0)
563.8
46.4
517.4

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   71

 
 
LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
(In millions, except share data) 

 
Balance as of December 31, 2014 
Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock-based compensation 
Excess tax benefits related to stock-based 
compensation 
Net issuances of 807,015 shares held in treasury in 
settlement of stock-based compensation 
Repurchases of 4,366,365 shares of common stock at 
an average price of $111.62 per share 
Dividends declared to Lear Corporation stockholders 
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 
Additions to noncontrolling interests 
Balance as of December 31, 2015 
Comprehensive income (loss):

Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock-based compensation 
Excess tax benefits related to stock-based 
compensation 
Net issuances of 783,793 shares held in treasury in 
settlement of stock-based compensation 
Repurchases of 5,816,363 shares of common stock at 
an average price of $113.26 per share 
Dividends declared to Lear Corporation stockholders 
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 
Affiliate transaction 
Acquisition of outstanding noncontrolling interests 
Noncontrolling interests — other 
Balance as of December 31, 2016 
Comprehensive income:

Net income 
Other comprehensive income 

Total comprehensive income 

Adoption of ASU 2016-09 (Note 7, "Taxes") 
Stock-based compensation 
Net issuances of 456,252 shares held in treasury in 
settlement of stock-based compensation 
Repurchases of 3,014,131 shares of common stock at 
an average price of $150.77 per share 
Retirement of 8,000,000 shares held in treasury at 
average price of $111.43 per share 
Dividends declared to Lear Corporation stockholders 
Dividends declared to noncontrolling interests 
Affiliate transaction 
Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustment 
Balance as of December 31, 2017 

$

$

$

$

Redeemable 

Non- 

controlling 
Interests 

Preferred 

Stock 

Common 

Stock 

— $

0.8 $

—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—
— $

—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—
—
—
— $

—
—
—
—
—

—

—

—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—
0.8 $

—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—
—
—
0.8 $

—
—
—
—
—

—

—

— $
—
—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—
— $

—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—
—
—
— $

3.2
4.6
7.8
—
—

—

—

Additional 

Paid-in 
 
Capital 
1,475.2    $ 
   

Common 
Stock Held 
in Treasury 

Retained 
Earnings 
(176.9) $ 2,161.7

—   
—   
—   
65.7   
 
2.5
 

(91.5)  
 

—
 
—   
—   
—   

1,451.9    $ 

—   
—   
—   
68.2   
 
8.8
 

(124.2)  
 

—
—
—
—
—

41.3

745.5
—
745.5
—
—

—

(487.4)
—
—
—

—
(79.4)
—
—
(623.0) $ 2,827.8

—
—
—
—
—

975.1
—
975.1
—
—

81.6

(4.7)

—
 
—   
—   
—   
(19.4)  
—   

—
(89.1)
—
—
—
(2.2)
1,385.3    $  (1,200.2) $ 3,706.9

(658.8)
—
—
—
—
—

—   
—   
—   
—   
70.2   
(84.2)  
 

—

 

— 1,313.4
—
—
— 1,313.4
52.9
—
—
—

39.0  

(454.4)

—

891.5
—
—
—
—

(735.5)
(140.3)
—
—
(25.5)
(724.1) $ 4,171.9

—
—
(4.9)
125.0
25.5
153.4

$

—
—
—
—
—
— $

(0.1)
—
—
—
—
0.7 $

(155.9)  
—   
—   
—   
—   

1,215.4    $ 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 

 

72   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 
LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (continued) 
(In millions, except share data) 

 
Balance as of December 31, 2014 
Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock-based compensation 
Excess tax benefits related to stock-based 
compensation 
Net issuances of 807,015 shares held in treasury in 
settlement of stock-based compensation 
Repurchases of 4,366,365 shares of common stock at 
an average price of $111.62 per share 
Dividends declared to Lear Corporation stockholders 
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 
Additions to noncontrolling interests 
Balance as of December 31, 2015 
Comprehensive income (loss): 

Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Stock-based compensation 
Excess tax benefits related to stock-based 
compensation 
Net issuances of 783,793 shares held in treasury in 
settlement of stock-based compensation 
Repurchases of 5,816,363 shares of common stock at 
an average price of $113.26 per share 
Dividends declared to Lear Corporation stockholders 
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 
Affiliate transaction 
Acquisition of outstanding noncontrolling interests 
Noncontrolling interests — other 
Balance as of December 31, 2016 
Comprehensive income: 

Net income 
Other comprehensive income 

Total comprehensive income 

Adoption of ASU 2016-09 (Note 7, "Taxes") 
Stock-based compensation 
Net issuances of 456,252 shares held in treasury in 
settlement of stock-based compensation 
Repurchases of 3,014,131 shares of common stock at 
an average price of $150.77 per share 
Retirement of 8,000,000 shares held in treasury at 
average price of $111.43 per share 
Dividends declared to Lear Corporation stockholders 
Dividends declared to noncontrolling interests 
Affiliate transaction 
Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustment 
Balance as of December 31, 2017 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of tax

Defined 

Benefit Plans 
$
 

(219.2) $
 

Derivative 

Instruments and 

Hedging 
Activities 

Cumulative 
Translation 
Adjustments 

Lear 

Corporation 
Stockholders’ 

Non-

controlling 
Interests 

(33.2) $
 

—
(5.5)
(5.5)
—
—

(249.6) $ 
 

—
(247.2)
(247.2)
—
—

 
Equity 
2,958.8    $ 
   
745.5   
(228.1)  
517.4   
65.7   
 
2.5
 

Equity 
70.5 $ 3,029.3

 

50.3
(3.9)
46.4
—
—

795.8
(232.0)
563.8
65.7
2.5

—
24.6
24.6
—
—

—

—

—

(50.2)  

—

(50.2)

—
—
—
—

(194.6) $

$

—
—
—
—

(38.7) $

—
1.8
1.8
—
—

—

—
—
—
—

—
(6.4)
(6.4)
—
—

—

—
—
—
—

—

(192.8) $

$

—

(45.1) $

—
8.8
8.8
—
—

—

—

—
22.2
22.2
—
—

—

—

—
—
—
—

(496.8) $ 
 

—
(100.9)
(100.9)
—
—

(597.7) $ 
 

—

—
—
—
—

—

—
291.2
291.2
—
—

—

—

—
—
—
—
—

(184.0) $

$

—
—
—
—
—

(22.9) $

—
—
—
—
—

(306.5) $ 

(487.4)  
(79.4)  
—   
—   

2,927.4    $ 
   
975.1   
(105.5)  
869.6   
68.2   
 
8.8
 

(487.4)
—
(79.4)
—
(29.3)
(29.3)
2.7
2.7
90.3 $ 3,017.7

65.4
(8.6)
56.8
—
—

1,040.5
(114.1)
926.4
68.2
8.8

(47.3)  

—

(47.3)

(658.8)  
(89.1)  
—   
—   
(19.4)  
(2.2)  

3,057.2    $ 
   
1,313.4   
322.2   
1,635.6   
52.9   
70.2   

(45.2)  

(454.4)  
 

 
—
(140.3)  
—   
—   
(25.5)    
4,150.5    $ 

—
—
(41.2)
41.0
(13.4)
2.2

(658.8)
(89.1)
(41.2)
41.0
(32.8)
—
135.7 $ 3,192.9

64.3
9.2
73.5
—
—

—

—

1,377.7
331.4
1,709.1
52.9
70.2

(45.2)

(454.4)

—
—
(67.1)
—

—
(140.3)
(67.1)
—
(25.5)
142.1 $ 4,292.6

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   73

 
 

LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(In millions) 

For the year ended December 31, 
Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
Consolidated net income 
Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash provided by 
operating activities – 

2017 

2016 

2015 

 
1,380.9 $ 
 

$
 

1,040.5  $
 

Equity in net income of affiliates 
Loss on extinguishment of debt 
Fixed asset impairment charges 
Deferred tax (benefit) provision 
Depreciation and amortization 
Stock-based compensation 
Net change in recoverable customer engineering, development and tooling
Net change in working capital items (see below)
Changes in other long-term liabilities 
Changes in other long-term assets 
Other, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
Additions to property, plant and equipment 
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired and use of $350 million restricted cash in 
2015 (see non-cash investing activities below) (Note 3)
Other, net 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
New credit agreement borrowings 
New credit agreement repayments 
Prior credit agreement borrowings
Prior credit agreement repayments
Short-term borrowings (repayments), net 
Proceeds from the issuance of senior notes 
Repurchase of senior notes, net of use of $250 million restricted cash in 2015 
(see non-cash financing activities below) (Note 6) 
Payment of debt issuance and other financing costs
Repurchase of common stock 
Dividends paid to Lear Corporation stockholders 
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests 
Other, net 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of foreign currency translation 
Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Cash and Cash Equivalents as of Beginning of Period 
Cash and Cash Equivalents as of End of Period 
Changes in Working Capital Items: 
Accounts receivable 
Inventories 
Accounts payable (including $45.7 million of cash paid in 2015 in conjunction 
with the acquisition of Eagle Ottawa to settle pre-existing accounts payable) 
Accrued liabilities and other 
Net change in working capital items 
Supplementary Disclosure: 
Cash paid for interest 
Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received of $35.5 million in 2017, 
$16.4 million in 2016 and $11.9 million in 2015 
Non-cash Investing Activities: 
Cash restricted for use - acquisition of Eagle Ottawa 
Non-cash Financing Activities: 
Cash restricted for use - repurchase of senior notes 

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

(51.7)
21.2
3.4
(81.3)
427.7
70.2
(54.1)
72.5
6.6
2.1
(14.4)
1,783.1

(594.5)
(292.4)
18.3
(868.6)

 

 

250.0
(1.6)
—
(468.7)
(8.9)
744.7
(517.0)
(11.9)
(450.5)
(137.7)
(81.6)
(58.8)
(742.0)
56.3
228.8
1,271.6
1,500.4 $ 
 
(115.2) $ 
(76.0)

195.3
68.4
72.5 $ 
 
94.0 $ 

284.0 $ 

— $ 

— $ 

(72.4)
— 
5.4 
103.6 
378.2 
68.2 
(16.9)
88.1 
(12.9)
38.3 
(0.8)
1,619.3 

(528.3)
(155.9)
47.1 
(637.1)

— 
— 
— 
(21.9)
9.1 
— 
 
—
— 
(658.8)
(88.8)
(33.3)
(79.2)
(872.9)
(34.3)
75.0 
1,196.6 
1,271.6  $

(176.3) $
(53.5)
 
157.6
160.3 
88.1  $

88.8  $

 
237.6

$

—  $

—  $

795.8

(49.8)
14.3
5.7
48.6
347.8
65.7
(57.8)
58.0
(20.2)
44.3
18.7
1,271.1

(485.8)
(499.2)
19.7
(965.3)

—
—
500.0
(9.4)
—
—
(5.0)
—
(487.4)
(78.5)
(27.8)
(48.2)
(156.3)
(47.0)
102.5
1,094.1
1,196.6

(173.4)
4.1

76.2
151.1
58.0

85.6

218.7

(350.0)

(250.0)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

 

74   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) Basis of Presentation  
Lear Corporation ("Lear," and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Company") and its affiliates design and 
manufacture automotive seating and electrical distribution systems and related components. The Company’s main customers 
are automotive original equipment manufacturers. The Company operates facilities worldwide. 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lear, a Delaware corporation, and the wholly 
owned and less than wholly owned subsidiaries controlled by Lear. 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Consolidation 
Lear consolidates all entities, including variable interest entities, in which it has a controlling financial interest. Investments in 
affiliates in which Lear does not have control, but does have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and 
financial policies, are accounted for under the equity method (Note 5, "Investments in Affiliates and Other Related Party 
Transactions"). 

Fiscal Period Reporting 
The Company’s annual financial results are reported on a calendar year basis, and quarterly interim results are reported using a 
thirteen week reporting calendar. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with original maturities of ninety days or less. 

Accounts Receivable 
The Company records accounts receivable as title is transferred to its customers. The Company’s customers are the world’s 
major automotive manufacturers. The Company records accounts receivable reserves for known collectibility issues, as such 
issues relate to specific transactions or customer balances. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, accounts receivable are reflected 
net of reserves of $41.8 million and $32.8 million, respectively. The Company writes off accounts receivable when it becomes 
apparent, based upon age or customer circumstances, that such amounts will not be collected. Generally, the Company does not 
require collateral for its accounts receivable. 

Inventories 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method. Finished goods and 
work-in-process inventories include material, labor and manufacturing overhead costs. The Company records reserves for 
inventory in excess of production and/or forecasted requirements and for obsolete inventory in production and service 
inventories. A summary of inventories is shown below (in millions): 

December 31, 
Raw materials 
Work-in-process 
Finished goods 
Reserves 
Inventories 

2017 

869.3  $
120.8  
324.8  
(109.2 )
1,205.7  $

$ 

$ 

2016 

746.3
106.4
262.3
(94.4)
1,020.6

Pre-Production Costs Related to Long-Term Supply Agreements 
The Company incurs pre-production engineering and development ("E&D") and tooling costs related to the products produced 
for its customers under long-term supply agreements. The Company expenses all pre-production E&D costs for which 
reimbursement is not contractually guaranteed by the customer. In addition, the Company expenses all pre-production tooling 
costs related to customer-owned tools for which reimbursement is not contractually guaranteed by the customer or for which the 
Company does not have a non-cancelable right to use the tooling. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   75

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
During 2017 and 2016, the Company capitalized $257.4 million and $179.3 million, respectively, of pre-production E&D costs 
for which reimbursement is contractually guaranteed by the customer. During 2017 and 2016, the Company also capitalized 
$115.4 million and $96.0 million, respectively, of pre-production tooling costs related to customer-owned tools for which 
reimbursement is contractually guaranteed by the customer or for which the Company has a non-cancelable right to use the 
tooling. These amounts are included in other current and long-term assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as 
of December 31, 2016 and 2015. During 2017 and 2016, the Company collected $311.1 million and $264.6 million, 
respectively, of cash related to E&D and tooling costs. 
The classification of recoverable customer E&D and tooling costs related to long-term supply agreements is shown below (in 
millions): 

December 31, 
Current 
Long-term 
Recoverable customer E&D and tooling 

2017 

248.1  $
59.3  
307.4  $

$ 

$ 

2016 

185.9
43.4
229.3

Property, Plant and Equipment 
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. Costs associated with the repair and maintenance of the Company’s property, 
plant and equipment are expensed as incurred. Costs associated with improvements which extend the life, increase the capacity 
or improve the efficiency or safety of the Company’s property, plant and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over the 
remaining useful life of the related asset. Depreciable property is depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets, using 
principally the straight-line method as follows: 

Buildings and improvements 
Machinery and equipment 

10 to 40 years
5 to 10 years

A summary of property, plant and equipment is shown below (in millions): 

December 31, 
Land 
Buildings and improvements 
Machinery and equipment 
Construction in progress 
Total property, plant and equipment 
Less – accumulated depreciation 
Net property, plant and equipment 

2017 

118.8  $
797.7  
3,077.4  
355.6  
4,349.5  
(1,890.1 )
2,459.4  $

$ 

$ 

2016 

101.7
648.1
2,459.6
296.4
3,505.8
(1,486.5)
2,019.3

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, depreciation expense was $380.1 million, $325.2 million and $295.3 
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, capital expenditures recorded in accounts payable totaled 
$119.7 million, $117.8 million and $91.6 million, respectively. 

Impairment of Goodwill 
Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment on at least an annual basis. Impairment testing is required more often 
than annually if an event or circumstance indicates that an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. In conducting 
its annual impairment testing, the Company may first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that 
a reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. If not, no further goodwill impairment testing is required. If it is 
more likely than not that a reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, or if the Company elects not to perform a 
qualitative assessment of a reporting unit, the Company then compares the fair value of the reporting unit to the related net 
book value. If the net book value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is measured and recognized. The 
Company conducts its annual impairment testing as of the first day of its fourth quarter. 
The Company utilizes an income approach to estimate the fair value of each of its reporting units and a market valuation 
approach to further support this analysis. The income approach is based on projected debt-free cash flow which is discounted to 
the present value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. The Company believes that this 
approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting unit’s expected long-term operating 
cash flow performance. This approach also mitigates the impact of cyclical trends that occur in the industry. Fair value is 

 

76   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
estimated using recent automotive industry and specific platform production volume projections, which are based on both third-
party and internally developed forecasts, as well as commercial and discount rate assumptions. The discount rate used is the 
value-weighted average of the Company’s estimated cost of equity and of debt ("cost of capital") derived using both known and 
estimated customary market metrics. The Company’s weighted average cost of capital is adjusted by reporting unit to reflect a 
risk factor, if necessary. Other significant assumptions include terminal value growth rates, terminal value margin rates, future 
capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. While there are inherent uncertainties related to the 
assumptions used and to management’s application of these assumptions to this analysis, the Company believes that the income 
approach provides a reasonable estimate of the fair value of its reporting units. The market valuation approach is used to further 
support the Company’s analysis and is based on recent transactions involving comparable companies. 
In 2017, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of its reporting units. The assessment was completed as of the first 
day of our fourth quarter. The assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting 
units exceeded its respective carrying value. The Company does not believe that any of our reporting units is at risk for 
impairment. 
A summary of the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for each of the periods in the two years ended December 31, 
2017, is shown below (in millions): 

 
Balance as of December 31, 2015 

Acquisitions 
Affiliate transaction 
Foreign currency translation and other 

Balance as of December 31, 2016 

Acquisition 
Affiliate transaction 
Foreign currency translation and other 

Seating 

E-Systems 

$

1,026.8 $

72.0
8.9
(16.5)
1,091.2
123.3
—
59.9

27.0 $
2.6
—
0.5
30.1
—
94.4
2.4

Balance as of December 31, 2017 

$

1,274.4 $

126.9 $

Total 
1,053.8 
74.6 
8.9 
(16.0) 
1,121.3 
123.3 
94.4 
62.3 
1,401.3 

For further information related to acquisitions and affiliate transactions, see Note 3, "Acquisitions," and Note 5, "Investments in 
Affiliates and Other Related Party Transactions." 

Intangible Assets 
As of December 31, 2017, intangible assets consist primarily of certain intangible assets recorded in connection with the 
acquisitions of Guilford Mills in 2012, Eagle Ottawa in 2015, AccuMED in 2016 and Antolin Seating in 2017 (Note 3, 
"Acquisitions"). These intangible assets were recorded at their estimated fair value, based on independent appraisals, as of the 
transaction or acquisition date. The value assigned to technology intangibles is based on the royalty savings method, which 
applies a hypothetical royalty rate to projected revenues attributable to the identified technologies. Royalty rates were 
determined based primarily on analysis of market information. The customer-based intangible asset includes the acquired 
entity's established relationships with its customers and the ability of these customers to generate future economic profits for the 
Company. The value assigned to customer-based intangibles is based on the present value of future earnings attributable to the 
asset group after recognition of required returns to other contributory assets.  
A summary of intangible assets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, is shown below (in millions): 

 

Technology 
Customer-based 
Other 
Balance as of December 31, 2017 

Gross Carrying 

Value 

Accumulated 
Amortization 

Net Carrying 

Value 

$

$

22.2 $
544.6
1.4

568.2 $

(9.3) $ 

(113.9)
(0.9)

(124.1) $ 

12.9 
430.7  
0.5  
444.1 

Weighted 

Average Useful 

Life (years) 

8.6 
11.6 
5.2 
11.5 

Intangible assets with a gross carrying value of $17.0 million became fully amortized in 2017 and are no longer included in the 
intangible asset gross carrying value or accumulated amortization as of December 31, 2017. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   77

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
Technology 
Customer-based 
Other 
Balance as of December 31, 2016 

Gross Carrying 

Value 

Accumulated 
Amortization 

Net Carrying 

Value 

$

$

24.6 $
338.2
10.7
373.5 $

(16.4) $ 
(68.3)
(1.7)
(86.4) $ 

8.2 
269.9  
9.0  
287.1 

Weighted 

Average Useful 

Life (years) 

8.6 
7.4 
5.8 
7.5 

Excluding the impact of any future acquisitions, the Company’s estimated annual amortization expense for the five succeeding 
years is shown below (in millions): 

Year 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 

$

Expense 

51.4
50.8
49.1
47.3
46.3

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
The Company monitors its long-lived assets for impairment indicators on an ongoing basis in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). If impairment indicators exist, the Company performs the 
required impairment analysis by comparing the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the long-lived assets to 
the related net book values. If the net book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is measured and 
recognized. An impairment loss is measured as the difference between the net book value and the fair value of the long-lived 
assets. Fair value is estimated based upon either discounted cash flow analyses or estimated salvage values. Cash flows are 
estimated using internal budgets based on recent sales data, independent automotive production volume estimates and customer 
commitments, as well as assumptions related to discount rates. 
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized fixed asset impairment charges of $1.3 
million, $4.7 million and $3.9 million respectively, in conjunction with its restructuring actions (Note 4, "Restructuring"), as 
well as additional fixed asset impairment charges of $2.1 million, $0.7 million and $1.8 million, respectively. Fixed asset 
impairment charges are recorded in cost of sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the years ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. 

Impairment of Investments in Affiliates 
The Company monitors its investments in affiliates for indicators of other-than-temporary declines in value on an ongoing basis 
in accordance with GAAP. If the Company determines that an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred, it recognizes 
an impairment loss, which is measured as the difference between the recorded book value and the fair value of the investment. 
Fair value is generally determined using an income approach based on discounted cash flows or negotiated transaction values. 

Revenue Recognition and Sales Commitments 
The Company enters into agreements with its customers to produce products at the beginning of a vehicle’s life cycle. Although 
such agreements do not provide for a specified quantity of products, once the Company enters into such agreements, the 
Company is generally required to fulfill its customers’ purchasing requirements for the production life of the vehicle. These 
agreements generally may be terminated by the Company’s customers at any time. Historically, terminations of these 
agreements have been minimal. Sales are generally recorded upon shipment of product to customers and transfer of title under 
standard commercial terms. In certain instances, the Company may be committed under existing agreements to supply products 
to its customers at selling prices which are not sufficient to cover the direct cost to produce such products. In such situations, 
the Company recognizes losses as they are incurred. 
The Company receives purchase orders from its customers on an annual basis. Generally, each purchase order provides the 
annual terms, including pricing, related to a particular vehicle model. Purchase orders do not specify quantities. The Company 
recognizes revenue based on the pricing terms included in its annual purchase orders. The Company is asked to provide its 
customers with annual price reductions as part of certain agreements. The Company accrues for such amounts as a reduction of 
revenue as its products are shipped to its customers. In addition, the Company has ongoing adjustments to its pricing 

 

78   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
arrangements with its customers based on the related content, the cost of its products and other commercial factors. Such 
pricing accruals are adjusted as they are settled with the Company’s customers. 
Amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling costs are included in net sales in the consolidated statements of 
income. Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income. 

Cost of Sales and Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
Cost of sales includes material, labor and overhead costs associated with the manufacture and distribution of the Company’s 
products. Distribution costs include inbound freight costs, purchasing and receiving costs, inspection costs, warehousing costs 
and other costs of the Company’s distribution network. Selling, general and administrative expenses include selling, 
engineering and development and administrative costs not directly associated with the manufacture and distribution of the 
Company’s products. 

Restructuring Costs 
Restructuring costs include employee termination benefits, fixed asset impairment charges and contract termination costs, as 
well as other incremental costs resulting from the restructuring actions. These incremental costs principally include equipment 
and personnel relocation costs. In addition to restructuring costs, the Company also incurs incremental manufacturing 
inefficiency costs at the operating locations impacted by the restructuring actions during the related restructuring 
implementation period. Restructuring costs are recognized in the Company’s consolidated financial statements in accordance 
with GAAP. Generally, charges are recorded as restructuring actions are approved and/or implemented. 

Engineering and Development 
Costs incurred in connection with product launches, to the extent not recoverable from the Company’s customers, are charged 
to cost of sales as incurred. All other engineering and development costs are charged to selling, general and administrative 
expenses when incurred. Engineering and development costs charged to selling, general and administrative expenses totaled 
$147.9 million, $143.7 million and $126.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Other (Income) Expense, Net 
Other (income) expense, net includes non-income related taxes, foreign exchange gains and losses, gains and losses related to 
certain derivative instruments and hedging activities, gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt (Note 6, "Debt"), gains and 
losses on the disposal of fixed assets and other miscellaneous income and expense. A summary of other (income) expense, net 
is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Other expense 
Other income 
Other (income) expense, net 

2017 

57.2 $ 
(61.3)
(4.1) $ 

$

$

2016 

42.2  $
(35.8 )

6.4  $

2015 

71.4
(2.8)
68.6

Income Taxes 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between 
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax loss and credit 
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in 
the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
The Company’s current and future provision for income taxes is impacted by the initial recognition of and changes in valuation 
allowances in certain countries. The Company intends to maintain these allowances until it is more likely than not that the 
deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company’s future provision for income taxes will include no tax benefit with respect to 
losses incurred and, except for certain jurisdictions, no tax expense with respect to income generated in these countries until the 
respective valuation allowances are eliminated. Accordingly, income taxes are impacted by changes in valuation allowances and 
the mix of earnings among jurisdictions. The Company evaluates the realizability of its deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. 
In completing this evaluation, the Company considers all available evidence in order to determine whether, based on the weight 
of the evidence, a valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets is necessary. Such evidence includes historical results, future 
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and expectations for future taxable income (exclusive of the reversal of 
temporary differences and carryforwards), as well as the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. If, 
based on the weight of the evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the Company’s deferred tax assets will not 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   79

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. If operating results improve or decline on a continual basis in a particular 
jurisdiction, the Company’s decision regarding the need for a valuation allowance could change, resulting in either the initial 
recognition or reversal of a valuation allowance in that jurisdiction, which could have a significant impact on income tax 
expense in the period recognized and subsequent periods. In determining the provision for income taxes for financial statement 
purposes, the Company makes certain estimates and judgments, which affect its evaluation of the carrying value of its deferred 
tax assets, as well as its calculation of certain tax liabilities. 
The calculation of the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits and liabilities includes uncertainties in the application of, and 
changes in, complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across its global operations. The Company recognizes tax 
benefits and liabilities based on its estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. The Company 
adjusts these benefits and liabilities based on changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of these 
uncertainties and the impact of tax audits, the ultimate resolutions may differ significantly from the Company’s estimates. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Act") was enacted on December 22, 2017. The Act reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate 
from 35% to 21%, requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on all offshore earnings that were previously tax deferred 
and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has not completed its 
accounting for the tax effects of the Act; however, in certain cases, as described below, the Company has made a reasonable 
estimate of the effects on its existing deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax. In the year ended December 31, 
2017, the provision for income taxes includes provisional income tax expense of $173.5 million related to items for which the 
Company was able to determine a reasonable estimate. In all cases, the Company will continue to make and refine its 
calculations as additional analysis is completed. In addition, the Company's estimates may be affected as additional regulatory 
guidance is issued with respect to the Act. Any adjustments to the provisional amounts will be recognized as a component of the 
provision for income taxes in the period in which such adjustments are determined, but in any event, no later than the fourth 
quarter of 2018. 

Provisional Amounts 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities: The Company remeasured its U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities at 21%. However, the 
Company is still analyzing certain aspects of the Act and refining its calculations, which could potentially affect the 
measurement of these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts. In the year ended December 31, 2017, the 
provision for income taxes includes provisional income tax expense of $42.5 million related to the remeasurement of deferred 
tax balances.  

Transition Tax on Deferred Foreign Earnings: The one-time transition tax is based on the Company's post-1986 earnings and 
profits ("E&P") that were previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. In the year ended December 31, 2017, the provision for 
income taxes includes provisional income tax expense of $131.0 million related to the one-time transition tax liability of the 
Company's foreign subsidiaries. The Company has not completed its calculation of the total post-1986 E&P for these foreign 
subsidiaries. Further, the transition tax is based in part on the amount of those earnings held in cash and other specified assets. 
This amount may change when the Company finalizes the calculation of post-1986 E&P previously deferred from U.S. income 
taxes and the amounts held in cash or other specified assets. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining 
undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax. However, the Company continues to recognize a deferred tax 
liability related to foreign withholding tax that will be incurred for undistributed foreign earnings that are not permanently 
reinvested. 

Foreign Currency 
Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries that use a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. 
dollars at the foreign exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. Revenues and expenses of foreign subsidiaries are 
translated into U.S. dollars using an average of the foreign exchange rates in effect during the period. Translation adjustments 
that arise from translating a foreign subsidiary’s financial statements from the functional currency to the U.S. dollar are 
reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets. 
Transaction gains and losses that arise from foreign exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other 
than the functional currency, except certain long-term intercompany transactions, are included in the consolidated statements of 
income as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, other (income) expense, net includes net foreign 
currency transaction losses of $5.1 million, $7.6 million and $28.5 million, respectively.  

 

80   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Stock-Based Compensation 
The Company measures stock-based employee compensation expense at fair value in accordance with GAAP and recognizes 
such expense over the vesting period of the stock-based employee awards. 

Net Income Per Share Attributable to Lear 
Basic net income per share available to Lear common stockholders is computed using the two-class method by dividing net 
income attributable to Lear, after deducting the redemption adjustment related to redeemable noncontrolling interest, by the 
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Common shares issuable upon the satisfaction of certain 
conditions pursuant to a contractual agreement are considered common shares outstanding and are included in the computation 
of basic net income per share available to Lear common stockholders. 
Diluted net income per share available to Lear common stockholders is computed using the two-class method by dividing net 
income attributable to Lear, after deducting the redemption adjustment related to redeemable noncontrolling interest, by the 
average number of common shares outstanding, including the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents computed using the 
treasury stock method and the average share price during the period. 
A summary of information used to compute basic and diluted net income per share available to Lear common stockholders is 
shown below (in millions, except share and per share data): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Net income attributable to Lear 
Less: Redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustment 
Net income available to Lear common stockholders 
 
Average common shares outstanding 
Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents 
Average diluted shares outstanding 
 
Basic net income per share available to Lear common stockholders 
 
Diluted net income per share available to Lear common stockholders 

2017 

1,313.4 $ 

(25.5)

1,287.9 $ 
 

68,542,363
735,618
69,277,981

 
18.79 $ 
 
18.59 $ 

$

$
 

 
$
 
$

2016 

975.1  $

—  

975.1  $
 

72,345,436 
779,513 
73,124,949 

 
13.48  $
 
13.33  $

2015 

745.5
—
745.5

76,754,270
1,012,747
77,767,017

9.71

9.59

For further information related to the redeemable noncontrolling interest adjustment, see Note 5, "Investments in Affiliates and 
Other Related Party Transactions." 

Product Warranty 
Product warranty reserves are recorded when liability is probable and related amounts are reasonably estimable. 

Segment Reporting 
The Company has two reportable operating segments: Seating, which includes complete seat systems and all major seat 
components, including seat covers and surface materials such as leather and fabric, seat structures and mechanisms, seat foam 
and headrests, and E-Systems, which includes complete electrical distribution systems, electronic control modules and 
associated software and wireless communication modules. Key components in the electrical distribution system include wire 
harnesses, terminals and connectors and junction boxes, including components and systems for high power battery electric 
vehicle and hybrid electric vehicle power management and distribution systems. The other category includes unallocated costs 
related to corporate headquarters, regional headquarters and the elimination of intercompany activities, none of which meets the 
requirements for being classified as an operating segment. 
Each of the Company’s operating segments reports its results from operations and makes its requests for capital expenditures 
directly to the chief operating decision maker. The economic performance of each operating segment is driven primarily by 
automotive production volumes in the geographic regions in which it operates, as well as by the success of the vehicle 
platforms for which it supplies products. Also, each operating segment operates in the competitive Tier 1 automotive supplier 
environment and is continually working with its customers to manage costs and improve quality. The Company’s production 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   81

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
processes generally make use of hourly labor, dedicated facilities, sequential manufacturing and assembly processes and 
commodity raw materials. 
The Company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based primarily on (i) revenues from external customers, 
(ii) pretax income before equity in net income of affiliates, interest expense and other expense ("segment earnings") and 
(iii) cash flows, being defined as segment earnings less capital expenditures plus depreciation and amortization. 
The accounting policies of the Company’s operating segments are the same as those described in this note to the consolidated 
financial statements. 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
The Company has used derivative financial instruments, including forwards, futures, options, swaps and other derivative 
contracts, to reduce the effects of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates and the resulting variability of the 
Company’s operating results. The Company is not a party to leveraged derivatives. The Company’s derivative financial 
instruments are subject to master netting arrangements that provide for the net settlement of contracts, by counterparty, in the 
event of default or termination. On the date that a derivative contract for a hedging instrument is entered into, the Company 
designates the derivative as either (1) a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or of 
an unrecognized firm commitment (a fair value hedge), (2) a hedge of the exposure of a forecasted transaction or of the 
variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability (a cash flow hedge) or (3) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign 
operation (a net investment hedge). 
For a fair value hedge, both the effective and ineffective portions of the change in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in 
earnings and reflected in the consolidated statement of income on the same line as the gain or loss on the hedged item 
attributable to the hedged risk. For a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is 
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheet. When the underlying hedged transaction is 
realized, the gain or loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss is recorded in earnings and reflected in the 
consolidated statement of income on the same line as the gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. For a 
net investment hedge, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in cumulative translation 
adjustment, which is a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheet. In addition, for 
both cash flow and net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative that are excluded from the Company’s 
effectiveness assessments and the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in earnings and 
reflected in the consolidated statement of income as other expense, net. 
The Company formally documents its hedge relationships, including the identification of the hedging instruments and the 
related hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction. Derivatives 
are recorded at fair value in other current and long-term assets and other current and long-term liabilities in the consolidated 
balance sheet. The Company also formally assesses, both at inception and at least quarterly thereafter, whether a derivative used 
in a hedging transaction is highly effective in offsetting changes in either the fair value or the cash flows of the hedged item. 
When it is determined that a derivative ceases to be highly effective, the Company discontinues hedge accounting. 

Use of Estimates 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and 
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. During 2017, there were no material changes in the 
methods or policies used to establish estimates and assumptions. Other matters subject to estimation and judgment include 
amounts related to accounts receivable realization, inventory obsolescence, asset impairments, useful lives of fixed and 
intangible assets and unsettled pricing discussions with customers and suppliers (Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies"); acquisitions (Note 3, "Acquisitions"); restructuring accruals (Note 4, "Restructuring"); deferred tax asset valuation 
allowances and income taxes (Note 7, "Income Taxes"); pension and other postretirement benefit plan assumptions (Note 8, 
"Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans"); accruals related to litigation, warranty and environmental remediation costs 
(Note 11, "Commitments and Contingencies"); and self-insurance accruals. Actual results may differ significantly from the 
Company’s estimates. 

Reclassifications 
Certain amounts in prior years’ financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the presentation used in the year ended 
December 31, 2017. 

 

 

82   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 

(3) Acquisitions 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Grupo Antolin Seating 
On April 28, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business ("Antolin Seating") 
for $292.4 million, net of cash acquired. Antolin Seating is headquartered in France with operations in five countries in Europe 
and North Africa. The Antolin Seating business is comprised of just-in-time seat assembly, as well as seat structures, 
mechanisms and seat covers, with annual sales of approximately $485 million. In addition, the Company incurred transaction 
costs of $3.0 million related to advisory services, which were expensed as incurred and are recorded in selling, general and 
administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
The Antolin Seating acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, and accordingly, the assets acquired and 
liabilities assumed are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017. The operating results 
and cash flows of Antolin Seating are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements from the date of 
acquisition and in the Company's Seating segment. The purchase price and preliminary allocation are shown below (in 
millions): 

Net purchase price 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
Other assets purchased and liabilities assumed, net 
Goodwill 
Intangible assets 
Preliminary purchase price allocation 

  $
 
 
  $
 
 
 
  $

292.4

79.2
(31.5)
123.3
121.4
292.4

Recognized goodwill is attributable to the assembled workforce, expected synergies and other intangible assets that do not 
qualify for separate recognition. 
Intangible assets consist of provisional amounts recognized for the fair value of customer-based assets and were based on an 
independent appraisal. Customer-based assets include Antolin Seating's established relationships with its customers and the 
ability of these customers to generate future economic profits for the Company. It is currently estimated that these intangible 
assets have a weighted average useful life of approximately fifteen years. 
The purchase price allocation is preliminary and will be revised as a result of additional information regarding the assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed, including, but not limited to, certain tax attributes and contingent liabilities. 
The pro-forma effects of this acquisition do not materially impact the Company's reported results for any period presented. 
For further information related to acquired assets measured at fair value, see Note 13, "Financial Instruments." 

AccuMED 
On December 21, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding equity interests of AccuMED 
Holdings Corp. ("AccuMED"), a privately-held developer and manufacturer of specialty fabrics, for $148.5 million, net of cash 
acquired. AccuMED has annual sales of approximately $80 million.  
The AccuMED acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, and accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. The operating 
results and cash flows of AccuMED are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements from the date of 
acquisition and in the Company's Seating segment. The purchase price and allocation are shown below (in millions): 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   83

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Purchase price paid, net of cash acquired 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
Other assets purchased and liabilities assumed, net 
Goodwill 
Intangible assets 
Purchase price allocation 

  $
   
  $
 
 
 
  $

148.5

10.5
6.5
78.5
53.0
148.5

 
Recognized goodwill is attributable to the assembled workforce, expected synergies and other intangible assets that do not 
qualify for separate recognition. 
Intangible assets consist of amounts recognized for the fair value of customer-based assets and were based on an independent 
appraisal. Customer-based assets include AccuMED's established relationships with its customers and the ability of these 
customers to generate future economic profits for the Company. It is estimated that these intangible assets have a weighted 
average useful life of approximately thirteen years. 
The pro-forma effects of this acquisition would not materially impact the Company's reported results for any period presented. 
For further information on acquired assets measured at fair value, see Note 13, "Financial Instruments." 

Eagle Ottawa 
On January 5, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding equity interests of Everett Smith 
Group, Ltd., the parent company of Eagle Ottawa, LLC ("Eagle Ottawa") for a purchase price of $843.9 million, net of cash 
acquired. Eagle Ottawa is a leading provider of leather for the automotive industry. The Eagle Ottawa acquisition was 
accounted for as a business combination. 

Subsequent Event 
On January 10, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of Israel-based EXO Technologies ("EXO"), a leading developer 
of differentiated GPS technology providing high-accuracy positioning solutions for autonomous and connected vehicle 
applications. EXO has operations in San Mateo, California and Tel Aviv, Israel. EXO Technologies has developed core 
technology that addresses the need for high-accuracy positioning of a vehicle. Its proprietary technology works with existing 
GPS receivers to provide centimeter-level accuracy anywhere on the globe without the need for terrestrial base-station 
networks. The integration of EXO's technology with the Company's vehicle and connectivity expertise enables an industry-
leading vehicle positioning solution. 
The EXO acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination, and the assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be 
recognized and measured at fair value as of the acquisition date. The operating results and cash flows of EXO will be included 
in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. The Company is preparing the preliminary estimates of the 
fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which will be included in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 
10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2018. The EXO acquisition is not a material business combination. 

(4) Restructuring  

2017 
In 2017, the Company recorded charges of $72.6 million in connection with its restructuring actions. These charges consist of 
$59.2 million recorded as cost of sales, $14.3 million recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses and $0.9 million 
recorded as other income. The restructuring charges consist of employee termination benefits of $62.9 million, asset 
impairment charges of $1.3 million, pension benefit plan curtailment and settlement losses of $1.7 million and other contract 
termination costs of $1.7 million, as well as other related costs of $5.0 million. Employee termination benefits were recorded 
based on existing union and employee contracts, statutory requirements, completed negotiations and Company policy. Asset 
impairment charges relate to the disposal of buildings, leasehold improvements and machinery and equipment with carrying 
values $1.3 million in excess of related estimated fair values. The Company expects to incur approximately $21 million of 
additional restructuring costs related to activities initiated as of December 31, 2017, and expects that the components of such 
costs will be consistent with its historical experience. Any future restructuring actions will depend upon market conditions, 
customer actions and other factors. 

 

84   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
A summary of 2017 activity, excluding the pension benefit plan curtailment and settlement losses of $1.7 million, is shown 
below (in millions): 

 
 
Employee termination benefits 
Asset impairments 
Contract termination costs 
Other related costs 

Total 

 

Accrual as of 
January 1, 2017 

2017 
Charges 

Cash 

Utilization 

Non-cash 

$ 

$ 

69.4 $

—
4.6
—

74.0 $

62.9 $
1.3
1.7
5.0
70.9 $

(39.3) $ 

—
(1.3)
(5.0)
(45.6) $ 

Accrual as of 

 
  December 31, 2017
93.0
—
5.0
—
98.0

—    $
(1.3)  
—   
—   
(1.3)   $

2016 
In 2016, the Company recorded charges of $63.6 million in connection with its restructuring actions. These charges consist of 
$55.4 million recorded as cost of sales, $8.5 million recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses and $0.3 million 
recorded as other income. The restructuring charges consist of employee termination benefits of $54.1 million, asset 
impairment charges of $4.7 million and contract termination costs of $0.1 million, as well as other related costs of $4.7 million. 
Employee termination benefits were recorded based on existing union and employee contracts, statutory requirements, 
completed negotiations and Company policy. Asset impairment charges relate to the disposal of buildings, leasehold 
improvements and machinery and equipment with carrying values $4.7 million in excess of related estimated fair values. 
A summary of 2016 activity is shown below (in millions): 

 
 
Employee termination benefits 
Asset impairments 
Contract termination costs 
Other related costs 

Total 

Accrual as of 
January 1, 2016 

2016 
Charges 

Utilization 

Cash 

Non-cash 

$ 

$ 

66.5 $

—
5.3
—

71.8 $

54.1 $
4.7
0.1
4.7
63.6 $

(51.2) $ 

—
(0.8)
(4.7)
(56.7) $ 

Accrual as of 

 
  December 31, 2016
69.4
—
4.6
—
74.0

—    $
(4.7)  
—   
—   
(4.7)   $

2015 
In 2015, the Company recorded charges of $88.8 million in connection with its restructuring actions. These charges consist of 
$68.4 million recorded as cost of sales, $18.4 million recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses and $2.0 million 
recorded as other expense. The restructuring charges consist of employee termination benefits of $70.0 million, asset 
impairment charges of $3.9 million, a pension benefit plan curtailment loss of $7.7 million and other contract termination costs 
$1.7 million, as well as other related costs of $5.5 million. Employee termination benefits were recorded based on existing 
union and employee contracts, statutory requirements, completed negotiations and Company policy. Asset impairment charges 
relate to the disposal of buildings, leasehold improvements and machinery and equipment with carrying values of $3.9 million 
in excess of related estimated fair values.  
A summary of 2015 activity, excluding the pension benefit plan curtailment loss of $7.7 million, is shown below (in millions):  

 
 
Employee termination benefits 
Asset impairments 
Contract termination costs 
Other related costs 

Total 

 

Accrual as of 
January 1, 2015 

2015 
Charges 

Cash 

Utilization 

Non-cash 

$ 

$ 

45.1 $

—
5.1
—

50.2 $

70.0 $
3.9
1.7
5.5
81.1 $

(48.6) $ 

—
(1.5)
(3.5)
(53.6) $ 

Accrual as of 

 
  December 31, 2015
66.5
—
5.3
—
71.8

—    $
(3.9)  
—   
(2.0)  
(5.9)   $

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   85

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
(5) Investments in Affiliates and Other Related Party Transactions  
The Company’s beneficial ownership in affiliates accounted for under the equity method is shown below: 

December 31, 
Beijing BHAP Lear Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (China) 
Dong Kwang Lear Yuhan Hoesa (Korea) 
Industrias Cousin Freres, S.L. (Spain) 
Jiangxi Jiangling Lear Interior Systems Co., Ltd. (China) 
Lear Dongfeng Automotive Seating Co., Ltd. (China) 
Changchun Lear FAWSN Automotive Electrical and Electronics Co., Ltd. 
(China) 
Changchun Lear FAWSN Automotive Seat Systems Co., Ltd. (China) 
Honduras Electrical Distribution Systems S. de R.L. de C.V. (Honduras) 
Kyungshin-Lear Sales and Engineering LLC 
eLumigen, LLC 
Beijing Lear Dymos Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (China) 
Dymos Lear Automotive India Private Limited (India) 
RevoLaze, LLC 
HB Polymer Company, LLC 
Shanghai Lear STEC Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. (China) 
Beijing BAI Lear Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. (China) 

2017 
50% 
50 
50 
50 
50 

49 
49 
49 
49 
46 
40 
35 
20 
10 
— 
— 

2016 
50% 
50 
50 
50 
50 

49 
49 
49 
49 
46 
40 
35 
20 
10 
55 
— 

2015 
50% 
50 
50 
50 
50 

49 
49 
49 
49 
30 
40 
35 
20 
10 
55 
50 

Summarized group financial information for affiliates accounted for under the equity method as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, is shown below (unaudited; in millions): 

December 31, 
Balance sheet data: 
Current assets 
Non-current assets 
Current liabilities 
Non-current liabilities 

 

For the year ended December 31, 
Income statement data: 

Net sales 
Gross profit 
Income before provision for income taxes 
Net income attributable to affiliates 

 
$ 

2017 

2016 

 
961.4  $
203.0  
813.0  
26.1  

1,011.0
197.3
850.5
26.6

2017 

 
2,000.4 $ 

 
$

172.8
169.6
117.8

2016 

2015 

 
2,186.4  $
200.6  
195.3  
155.4  

2,087.8
155.5
127.4
96.0

A summary of amounts recorded in the Company's consolidated balance sheets related to its affiliates is shown below (in 
millions):  

December 31, 
Aggregate investment in affiliates 
Receivables due from affiliates (including notes and advances) 
Payables due to affiliates 

$ 

2017 

146.5  $
140.7  
0.2  

2016 

153.5
121.8
4.3

 

 

86   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
A summary of transactions with affiliates accounted for under the equity method and other related parties is shown below (in 
millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Sales to affiliates 
Purchases from affiliates 
Management and other fees for services provided to affiliates 
Dividends received from affiliates 

$

2017 

499.9 $ 

9.5
26.6
33.0

2016 

147.0  $
17.8  
25.3  
35.6  

2015 

198.5
26.3
36.8
54.1

The Company’s investment in HB Polymer Company, LLC is accounted for under the equity method as the Company’s interest 
in this entity is similar to a partnership interest. 

2017 
On September 8, 2017, the Company gained control of Shanghai Lear STEC Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. ("Lear STEC") by 
amending the joint venture agreement to eliminate the substantive participating rights of its joint venture partner. Prior to the 
amendment, Lear STEC was accounted for under the equity method. This transaction was accounted for as a business 
combination, and accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are included in the accompanying consolidated 
balance sheet as of December 31, 2017. The operating results and cash flows of Lear STEC are included in the accompanying 
consolidated financial statements from the date of the amended joint venture agreement and are reflected in the Company’s E-
Systems segment. 
A preliminary summary of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in conjunction with the transaction is 
shown below (in millions): 

Property, plant and equipment 
Other assets and liabilities assumed, net 
Goodwill 
Intangible assets 
 

$

$

16.2
42.4
94.4
66.0
219.0

Recognized goodwill is attributable to the assembled workforce, expected synergies and other intangible assets that do not 
qualify for separate recognition. 
Intangible assets consist of amounts recognized for the fair value of customer-based assets and were based on an independent 
appraisal. Customer-based assets include Lear STEC’s established relationships with its customers and the ability of these 
customers to generate future economic profits for the Company. It is currently estimated that these intangible assets have a 
weighted average useful life of approximately twelve years.  
The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in conjunction with the transaction contain preliminary estimates 
that may be revised as a result of additional information regarding such assets and liabilities. 
As of the date of the transaction, the fair value of the Company’s previously held equity interest in Lear STEC was $94.0 
million, and the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in Lear STEC was $125.0 million. As a result of valuing the 
Company’s previously held equity interest in Lear STEC at fair value, the Company recognized a gain of $54.2 million which is 
included in other (income) expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 
31, 2017. 
In connection with the transaction, the noncontrolling interest holder obtained the option, which is embedded in the 
noncontrolling interest, to require the Company to purchase or redeem the 45% noncontrolling interest based on a pre-
determined earnings multiple formula. In accordance with GAAP, the Company records redeemable noncontrolling interests at 
the greater of (1) the initial carrying amount adjusted for the noncontrolling interest holder’s share of total comprehensive 
income or loss and dividends ("noncontrolling interest carrying value") or (2) the redemption value as of and based on 
conditions existing as of the reporting date. Required redemption adjustments are recorded as an increase to redeemable 
noncontrolling interests, with an offsetting adjustment to retained earnings. The redeemable noncontrolling interest is classified 
in mezzanine equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017. 
Redemption value of a noncontrolling interest in excess of carrying value represents a dividend distribution that is different 
from dividend distributions to other common stockholders. Therefore, periodic redemption adjustments recorded in excess of 
carrying value are reflected as a reduction to the income available to common stockholders in the computation of earnings per 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   87

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
share. Redeemable noncontrolling interest of $153.4 million related to Lear STEC is reflected in the Company's consolidated 
balance sheet as of December 31, 2017. This amount includes a noncontrolling interest redemption adjustment of $25.5 million, 
representing the difference between the redemption value and carrying value. 
Lear STEC’s annual sales are approximately $280 million. Lear STEC provides wire harnesses to SAIC Motor Corporation 
Limited and its joint ventures with both North American and European automotive manufacturers. The pro forma effects of this 
consolidation would not materially impact the Company’s reported results for any period presented. 
For further information related to the redemption adjustment, see Note 9, "Capital Stock, Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
Loss and Equity." For further information related to acquired assets measured at fair value, see Note 13, "Financial 
Instruments." 

2016 
On June 21, 2016, the Company gained control of Beijing BAI Lear Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. ("Beijing BAI") by 
amending the joint venture agreement to eliminate the substantive participating rights of its joint venture partner. Prior to the 
amendment, Beijing BAI was accounted for under the equity method. This transaction was accounted for as a business 
combination, and accordingly, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are included in the accompanying consolidated 
balance sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. The operating results and cash flows of Beijing BAI are included in the 
accompanying consolidated financial statements from the date of the amended joint venture agreement and are reflected in the 
Company's Seating segment. 
A summary of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in conjunction with the transaction is shown below 
(in millions): 

Property, plant and equipment 
Other assets and liabilities assumed, net 
Goodwill 
Intangible assets 
 

$

$

20.7
42.1
7.2
34.0
104.0

Recognized goodwill is attributable to the assembled workforce, expected synergies and other intangible assets that do not 
qualify for separate recognition. 
Intangible assets consist of amounts recognized for the fair value of customer-based assets and were based on an independent 
appraisal. Customer-based assets include Beijing BAI’s established relationships with its customers and the ability of these 
customers to generate future economic profits for the Company. It is estimated that these intangible assets have a weighted 
average useful life of approximately eight years.  
As of the date of the transaction, the fair value of the Company’s previously held equity interest in Beijing BAI was $63.0 
million, and the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in Beijing BAI was $41.0 million. As a result of valuing the Company’s 
previously held equity interest in Beijing BAI at fair value, the Company recognized a gain of $30.3 million, which is included 
in other (income) expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
For further information related to acquired assets measured at fair value, see Note 13, "Financial Instruments." 
Also in 2016, the Company acquired an additional ownership interest in eLumigen LLC, thereby increasing its ownership 
interest to 46% from 30%. 

Subsequent Event 
In January 2018, the Company gained control of Changchun Lear FAWSN Automotive Electrical and Electronics Co., Ltd. 
("Lear FAWSN") by acquiring an additional 20% interest from a joint venture partner and by amending the joint venture 
agreement to eliminate the substantive participating rights of the remaining joint venture partner. Prior to the amendment, Lear 
FAWSN was accounted for under the equity method. 
This transaction will be accounted for as a business combination, and the assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be 
recognized and measured at fair value as of the transaction date. The operating results and cash flows of Lear FAWSN will be 
included in the consolidated financial statements from the transaction date. The Company is preparing the preliminary estimates 
of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which will be included in the Company's Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2018. The gain, if any, on the Company's previously held equity interest in Lear 
FAWSN is not expected to be material. 

 

88   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 
(6) Debt  

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Short-Term Borrowings 
The Company utilizes committed and uncommitted lines of credit as needed for its short-term working capital fluctuations. As 
of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had lines of credit from banks totaling $47.5 million and $21.4 million, 
respectively. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had no short-term debt balances outstanding related to draws on the lines 
of credit. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's short-term debt balance was $8.6 million related to draws on the lines of 
credit. 

Long-Term Debt 
A summary of long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, and the related weighted average interest rates is shown 
below (in millions): 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

Debt Instrument 
Credit Agreement — Term Loan Facility 
4.75% Senior Notes due 2023 ("2023 Notes") 
5.375% Senior Notes due 2024 ("2024 Notes") 
5.25% Senior Notes due 2025 ("2025 Notes") 
3.8% Senior Notes due 2027 ("2027 Notes") (1) 
Other 
 
Less — Current portion 
Long-term debt 

(1)   Net of unamortized discount of $5.1 million  
(2)  Unamortized portion 

Long-
Term 
Debt 
248.4 $

$ 

—
325.0
650.0
744.9
8.1

$  1,976.4 $
 
 

 

 

Debt 
Issuance 
Costs (2) 

(1.8) $
—
(2.4)
(5.8)
(5.9)
—
(15.9)

Long-
Term 

Debt, Net 
246.6
—
322.6
644.2
739.0
8.1
1,960.5
(9.0)
$ 1,951.5

Weighted 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 

3.000%  $

N/A 

5.375% 
5.25% 
3.885% 

N/A 

 

Long-
Term 
Debt 
468.7   $ 
500.0  
325.0  
650.0  
—  
5.7  

$ 1,949.4   $ 
   
 
 
   

Debt 
Issuance 
Costs (2)   

Long-
Term 

Debt, Net 
(1.6)   $ 
467.1
(4.8)  
495.2
(2.8)  
322.2
(6.6)  
643.4
—  
—
—  
5.7
(15.8)  
1,933.6
 
(35.6)
  $  1,898.0

 
 
 

Weighted 
Average 
Interest 
Rate 

2.105% 
4.75% 
5.375% 
5.25% 
N/A 
N/A 

 
 
 

Senior Notes 
The issuance, maturity and interest payable dates of the Company's senior unsecured 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes and 2027 Notes 
(collectively, the "Notes") are as shown below: 

Note 

2024 Notes 
2025 Notes 
2027 Notes 

Issuance Date 
March 2014 

November 2014  

Maturity Date 

 
  March 15, 2024 
January 15, 2025 

Interest Payable Dates 

March 15 and September 15 

January 15 and July 15 

August 2017 

  September 15, 2027 March 15 and September 15 

2024 Notes 
The proceeds from the 2024 Notes offering of $325 million, net of related issuance costs of $3.9 million, together with existing 
cash on hand, were used to redeem the remaining outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Company's senior notes due 
2018 ($280 million) and to redeem 10% of the original aggregate principal amount at maturity of the Company's senior notes 
due 2020 ("2020 Notes") ($35 million) at stated redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the respective 
redemption dates. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   89

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
The Company may redeem the 2024 Notes, in whole or in part, on or after March 15, 2019, at the redemption prices set forth 
below, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 

Twelve-Month Period Commencing March 15, 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 and thereafter 

2024 Notes 

102.688%
101.792%
100.896%
100.000%

Prior to March 15, 2019, the Company may redeem the 2024 Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of 
the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest to, the redemption 
date. 

2025 Notes 
Of the $650 million of proceeds from the 2025 Notes offering, net of related issuance costs of $8.4 million, $250 million was 
restricted for the redemption of the remaining outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes ($245 million) and 
$350 million was restricted to finance, in part, the acquisition of Eagle Ottawa (Note 3, "Acquisitions"). In January 2015, the 
Company used $350 million of restricted cash proceeds from the offering, along with $500 million in borrowings under the 
prior term loan facility (see "— Credit Agreement" below), to finance the acquisition of Eagle Ottawa. In March 2015, the 
Company redeemed the 2020 Notes at a price equal to 104.063% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid 
interest to the redemption date. In connection with this transaction, the Company paid $255.0 million, including $250 million of 
restricted cash proceeds from the offering, and recognized a loss of $14.3 million on the extinguishment of debt in the year 
ended December 31, 2015. The use of restricted cash for the acquisition of Eagle Ottawa and the redemption of the 2020 Notes 
is reflected as non-cash investing and financing activities, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash 
flows for the year ended December 31, 2015. The remaining proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate 
purposes, including the payment of fees and expenses associated with the acquisition of Eagle Ottawa and related financing 
transactions.  
The Company may redeem the 2025 Notes, in whole or in part, on or after January 15, 2020, at the redemption prices set forth 
below, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 

Twelve-Month Period Commencing January 15, 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 and thereafter 

2025 Notes 

102.625%
101.750%
100.875%
100.000%

Prior to January 15, 2020, the Company may redeem the 2025 Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% 
of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest to, the 
redemption date. 

2027 Notes 
In 2017, the Company issued $750.0 million in aggregate principal amount at maturity of 2027 Notes at a stated coupon rate of 
3.8%. The 2027 Notes were priced at 99.294% of par, resulting in a yield to maturity of 3.885%. The proceeds from the offering 
of $744.7 million, after original issue discount, were used to redeem the outstanding $500.0 million in aggregate principal 
amount of the 2023 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" 
premium of $17.0 million, as well as to refinance a portion of the Company's $500.0 million prior term loan facility (see "— 
Credit Agreement" below). In connection with these transactions, the Company recognized a loss of $21.2 million on the 
extinguishment of debt and paid related issuance costs of $6.0 million.  
Prior to June 15, 2027, the Company, at its option, may redeem some or all of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price equal to 
100% of the principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest to, the redemption 
date. At any time on or after June 15, 2027, but prior to the maturity date of September 15, 2027, the Company, at its option, 
may redeem some or all of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued 
and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 

 

90   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Guarantees 
The Notes are senior unsecured obligations. As discussed further in "— Credit Agreement" below, upon termination of the 
Company’s prior credit agreement, the subsidiaries that previously guaranteed the 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes were 
automatically released as guarantors. There are currently no guarantors of the Company’s obligations under the Notes. 

Covenants 
Subject to certain exceptions, the indentures governing the Notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit 
the ability of the Company to: (i) create or permit certain liens and (ii) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of the 
Company’s assets. The indenture governing the 2024 Notes limits the ability of the Company to enter into sale and leaseback 
transactions. The indentures governing the Notes also provide for customary events of default. 
As of December 31, 2017, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the indentures governing the Notes.  

Credit Agreement 
In August 2017, the Company entered into a new unsecured credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") consisting of a $1.75 
billion revolving credit facility ("Revolving Credit Facility") and a $250.0 million term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility"), 
both of which mature on August 8, 2022. In connection with this transaction, the Company borrowed $250.0 million under the 
Term Loan Facility and paid related issuance costs of $5.7 million. At the same time, the Company terminated its previously 
existing credit agreement, which consisted of a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility and a $500 million term loan facility, and 
repaid amounts outstanding under the term loan facility of $453.1 million. Together with the offering of the 2027 Notes, these 
transactions extended the Company's maturity profile and increased its operational flexibility and borrowing capacity.  
In 2017, aggregate borrowings and repayments under the Revolving Credit Facility and prior revolving credit facility were 
$109.5 million. In 2016, there were no borrowings or repayments under the prior revolving credit facility. In 2015, aggregate 
borrowings and repayments under the prior revolving credit facility were $48.0 million. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
there were no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and prior revolving credit facility, respectively. 
In 2017, the Company made required principal payments of $1.6 million under the Term Loan Facility. In addition, the 
Company made principal payments of $468.7 million under the prior term loan facility, which include payments of $453.1 
million made in connection with Credit Agreement described above. In 2016, the Company made required principal payments 
of $21.9 million under the prior term loan facility. 
Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility generally bear interest based on (i) the Eurocurrency 
Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or (ii) the Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin, determined 
in accordance with a pricing grid. As of December 31, 2017, the ranges and rates are as follows (in percentages): 

 

 

Eurocurrency Rate 

Base Rate 

 
Revolving Credit Agreement 
Term Loan Facility 

  Minimum    Maximum 
1.60%
 
 
1.90%

1.00%  
1.125%  

Rate as of 

 December 31, 

2017

1.30%
1.50%

Minimum  Maximum   
0.60 %  
0.90 %  

0.00%
0.125%

Rate as of 

 December 31,  

 2017 

0.30%
0.50%

A facility fee, which ranges from 0.125% to 0.30% of the total amount committed under the Revolving Credit Facility, is 
payable quarterly. 

Guarantees 
The Credit Agreement eliminated the subsidiary guarantees required under the Company's prior credit agreement. There are 
currently no guarantors of the Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

Covenants 
The Credit Agreement contains various customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company, including, 
without limitation, (i) covenants regarding maximum leverage, (ii) limitations on fundamental changes involving the Company 
or its subsidiaries and (iii) limitations on indebtedness and liens. As of December 31, 2017, the Company was in compliance 
with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   91

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Other 
As of December 31, 2017, other long-term debt consists of amounts outstanding under capital leases. 

Scheduled Maturities 
As of December 31, 2017, scheduled maturities related to the Credit Agreement — Term Loan Facility for the five succeeding 
years, as of the date of this Report, are shown below (in millions): 

2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 

$

6.3
7.8
14.0
14.0
206.3

(7) Income Taxes  
A summary of consolidated income before provision for income taxes and equity in net income of affiliates and the components 
of provision for income taxes is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Consolidated income before provision for income taxes and equity in net 
income of affiliates: 

Domestic 
Foreign 

 
Domestic (benefit) provision for income taxes: 

Current provision 
Deferred (benefit) provision 

Total domestic (benefit) provision 

Foreign provision for income taxes: 

Current provision 
Deferred (benefit) provision 
Total foreign provision 

Provision for income taxes 

2017 

2016 

2015 

 
$

$
 
$

 

$

 
449.5 $ 

1,077.2
1,526.7 $ 
 
25.8 $ 
(46.1)
(20.3)

 

253.0
(35.2)
217.8
197.5 $ 

 
457.3  $
881.0  
1,338.3  $
 
46.6  $
99.2  
145.8  

 

220.0  
4.4  
224.4  
370.2  $

344.7
686.8
1,031.5

45.4
55.0
100.4

191.5
(6.4)
185.1
285.5

The domestic (benefit) provision includes withholding taxes related to dividends and royalties paid by the Company’s foreign 
subsidiaries, as well as state and local taxes. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, the foreign deferred (benefit) provision includes the 
benefit of prior unrecognized net operating loss carryforwards of $11.5 million, $5.4 million and $1.7 million, respectively. 

 

92   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
A summary of the differences between the provision for income taxes calculated at the United States federal statutory income 
tax rate of 35% and the consolidated provision for income taxes is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Consolidated income before provision for income taxes and equity in net 
income of affiliates multiplied by the United States federal statutory income 
tax rate 
Differences in income taxes on foreign earnings, losses and remittances 
Valuation allowance adjustments 
Tax credits 
Repatriation of certain foreign earnings 
Transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings 
U.S. tax rate change and other tax reform items 
Tax audits and assessments 
Other 
Provision for income taxes 

$

$

2017 

2016 

2015 

 

534.4 $ 
(128.9)
(56.8)
(26.8)
(289.7)
131.0
42.5
(1.4)
(6.8)

197.5 $ 

$

468.4
(43.9 )
(44.2 )
(2.7 )
—  
—  
—  
(1.8 )
(5.6 )
370.2  $

361.0
(79.2)
24.6
(5.7)
—
—
—
0.7
(15.9)
285.5

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, income in foreign jurisdictions with tax holidays was $124.1 million, 
$89.7 million and $72.2 million, respectively. Such tax holidays generally expire from 2018 through 2027. 
Deferred income taxes represent temporary differences in the recognition of certain items for financial reporting and income tax 
purposes. A summary of the components of the net deferred income tax asset is shown below (in millions): 

December 31, 
Deferred income tax assets: 
Tax loss carryforwards 
Tax credit carryforwards 
Retirement benefit plans 
Accrued liabilities 
Self-insurance reserves 
Current asset basis differences 
Long-term asset basis differences 
Deferred compensation 
Recoverable customer engineering, development and tooling 
Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries 
Derivative instruments and hedging activities 
Other 

 
Valuation allowance 
Net deferred income tax asset 

2017 

2016 

 
$ 

$ 

 
452.9  $
341.0  
58.2  
144.1  
5.9  
37.4  
(88.1 )
41.4  
3.6  
(41.7 )
3.3  
(0.4 )
957.6  
(402.2 )
555.4  $

485.1
187.9
89.4
158.2
8.4
44.6
(77.3)
57.3
(6.9)
(62.4)
20.1
0.6
905.0
(445.6)
459.4

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the valuation allowance with respect to the Company’s deferred tax assets was $402.2 
million and $445.6 million, respectively, a net decrease of $43.4 million. 
Concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence, such as 
cumulative losses in recent years, which is objective and verifiable. When measuring cumulative losses in recent years, the 
Company uses a rolling three-year period of pretax book income, adjusted for permanent differences between book and taxable 
income and certain other items. As of December 31, 2017, the Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance of $20.9 
million with respect to certain U.S. deferred tax assets that, due to their nature, are not likely to be realized. In addition, the 
Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance of $381.3 million with respect to its deferred tax assets in several 
international jurisdictions. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   93

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
The classification of the net deferred income tax asset is shown below (in millions): 

December 31, 
Long-term deferred income tax assets 
Long-term deferred income tax liabilities 
Net deferred income tax asset 

2017 

646.8  $
(91.4 )
555.4  $

$ 

$ 

2016 

504.4
(45.0)
459.4

As of December 31, 2017, deferred income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of the Company’s 
foreign subsidiaries since all of these earnings are subject to the one-time transition tax and are not taxable upon repatriation to 
the United States. However, the Company continues to provide a deferred tax liability for foreign withholding tax that will be 
incurred with respect to the undistributed foreign earnings that are not permanently reinvested. 
As of December 31, 2017, the Company had tax loss carryforwards of $1.9 billion. Of the total tax loss carryforwards, $1.5 
billion have no expiration date, and $342.0 million expire between 2018 and 2037. In addition, the Company had tax credit 
carryforwards of $341.0 million, comprised principally of U.S. foreign tax credits, research and development credits and 
investment tax credits that generally expire between 2018 and 2037.  
On January 1, 2017, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee 
Share-Based Payment Accounting." The new standard requires that the tax impact related to the difference between share-based 
compensation for book and tax purposes be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the Company’s consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income in the reporting period in which such awards vest. The standard also required a modified 
retrospective adoption for previously unrecognized excess tax benefits. Accordingly, the Company recognized a deferred tax 
asset of $52.9 million and a corresponding credit to retained earnings in conjunction with the adoption. The effects of adopting 
the other provisions of ASU 2016-09 were not significant. 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits were $33.2 million and $29.5 million 
(excluding interest and penalties), respectively, all of which, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate. The 
gross unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in other long-term liabilities.  
A summary of the changes in gross unrecognized tax benefits is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Balance at beginning of period 

Additions based on tax positions related to current year 
Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years 
Settlements 
Statute expirations 
Foreign currency translation 

Balance at end of period 

2017 

2016 

$

$

29.5 $ 
5.4
(0.3)
(0.8)
(2.2)
1.6
33.2 $ 

30.4  $
4.0  
(0.9 )
—  
(2.9 )
(1.1 )
29.5  $

2015 

39.7
5.0
(0.2)
(12.3)
(0.6)
(1.2)
30.4

The Company recognizes interest and penalties with respect to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had recorded gross reserves of $9.9 million and $7.8 million, respectively, related 
to interest and penalties, all of which, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate.  
The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world, and its tax returns are periodically audited or subject to 
review by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that, as a result of 
audit settlements, the conclusion of current examinations and the expiration of the statute of limitations in multiple 
jurisdictions, the Company may decrease the amount of its gross unrecognized tax benefits by $2.2 million, all of which, if 
recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate. The gross unrecognized tax benefits subject to potential decrease 
involve issues related to transfer pricing and various other tax items in multiple jurisdictions. However, as a result of ongoing 
examinations, tax proceedings in certain countries, additions to the gross unrecognized tax benefits for positions taken and 
interest and penalties, if any, arising in 2018, it is not possible to estimate the potential net increase or decrease to the 
Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months. 
The Company considers its significant tax jurisdictions to include China, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Mexico, Poland, Spain, the 
United Kingdom and the United States. The Company or its subsidiaries generally remain subject to income tax examination in 
certain U.S. state and local jurisdictions for years after 2012. Further, the Company or its subsidiaries remain subject to income 
tax examination in Spain for years after 2005, in Mexico for years after 2006, in Hungary and Poland for years after 2011, in 

 

94   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

  

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
Italy generally for years after 2012, in China and the United Kingdom for years after 2013 and in the United States generally for 
years after 2016. 

(8) Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans  
The Company has noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain domestic employees and certain employees in 
foreign countries, principally Canada. The Company’s salaried pension plans provide benefits based on final average earnings 
formulas. The Company’s hourly pension plans provide benefits under flat benefit and cash balance formulas. The Company 
also has contractual arrangements with certain employees which provide for supplemental retirement benefits. In general, the 
Company’s policy is to fund its pension benefit obligation based on legal requirements, tax and liquidity considerations and 
local practices. 
The Company has postretirement benefit plans covering certain domestic and Canadian employees. The Company’s 
postretirement benefit plans generally provide for the continuation of medical benefits for all eligible employees who complete 
a specified number of years of service and retire from the Company at age 55 or older. The Company does not fund its 
postretirement benefit obligation. Rather, payments are made as costs are incurred by covered retirees. 

Obligations and Funded Status 
A reconciliation of the change in benefit obligation and the change in plan assets for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 
2016, is shown below (in millions): 

 

 

 

 

   

Pension 

December 31, 2017 
Foreign 
U.S. 

December 31, 2016 
Foreign 
U.S. 

 
 
 
Change in benefit obligation: 
Benefit obligation at beginning of 
  $ 442.5 $ 686.6 $ 427.4
period 
6.5
Service cost 
15.8
Interest cost 
27.4
Actuarial (gain) loss 
(29.1)
Benefits paid 
Lump sum payout (1) 
—
—
Curtailment 
—
Special termination benefits 
Translation adjustment 
(5.5)
Benefit obligation at end of period  $  558.0    $ 490.6 $ 548.2 $ 442.5

5.6
29.8
3.5
(22.4)
— (154.9)
0.8
—
—
—
36.9
—

 
$  548.2
5.0   
21.8   
8.6   
(25.6)  
—   
—   
—   
—   

7.3
15.0
11.7
(23.6)

 
 
 
Change in plan assets: 
Fair value of plan assets at 
beginning of period 
Actual return on plan assets 
Employer contributions 
Benefits paid 
Lump sum payout (1) 
Translation adjustment 
Fair value of plan assets at end of 
period 
 
Funded status 

Pension 

December 31, 2017 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 

   

 

 

28.2
7.5
(23.6)

30.2
37.6
(22.4)
— (154.9)
—

  $ 367.1 $ 522.1 $ 368.2
21.1
8.5
(29.1)
—
(1.6)

 
$  412.6
49.1   
2.1   
(25.6)  
—   
—   
 
  $ 406.4 $ 412.6 $ 367.1
$  438.2
 
   
$  (119.8)   $

 
(84.2) $ (135.6) $

27.2

 

$
 
(75.4) $

Other Postretirement 

December 31, 2017 
Foreign 
U.S. 

 
 

   

  $ 

 
38.8
0.5    
1.5    
(0.7 )  
(1.6 )  
—    
(0.2 )  
0.1    
2.8    
41.2    $ 

December 31, 2016 
Foreign 
U.S. 

 

78.9 $
0.2
3.2
(12.8)
(4.8)
—
—
—
—

64.7 $

36.5
0.5
1.6
0.8
(1.9)
—
—
0.3
1.0
38.8

 

64.7 $ 
0.1
2.4
(4.5)
(4.0)
—
(2.1)
—
—

56.6 $ 

Other Postretirement 

December 31, 2017 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 

 
 

   

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 

 

  $  — $

 

$

$

 

$

— $  —
—    
—
1.6    
4.0
(1.6 )  
(4.0)
—    
—
—    
—
 

— $  —

—
4.8
(4.8)
—
—

  $  — $
   
 
(64.7) $
(41.2)   $ 

 
(56.6) $ 

—
—
1.9
(1.9)
—
—

—

(38.8)

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   95

 

 
 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Pension 

 
 
December 31, 2017 
 
U.S. 
Foreign 
Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet: 
Other long-term assets 
Accrued liabilities 
Other long-term liabilities 

0.1    $
(2.1)  
(117.8)  

38.1 $
(2.9)
(119.4)

$ 

 

Other Postretirement 

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

December 31, 2017 
U.S. 
Foreign 

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 
 

 
$

— $
(2.2)
(133.4)

40.3
(2.7)
(113.0)

 

   

 
— $  —    $  — $
(4.2)
(52.4)

(1.5 )  
(39.7 )  

(4.2)
(60.5)

—
(1.5)
(37.3)

(1)   See Lump-Sum Payout below for further discussion 

Accumulated Benefit Obligation 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the accumulated benefit obligation for all of the Company’s pension plans was $1,034.7 
million and $973.7 million, respectively.  
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the majority of the Company's pension plans had accumulated benefit obligations in excess 
of plan assets. Information related to pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets is shown 
below (in millions): 

December 31, 
Projected benefit obligation 
Accumulated benefit obligation 
Fair value of plan assets 

$ 

2017 

2016 

768.1   $
754.1  
525.7  

747.3
730.4
496.0

Lump-Sum Payout 
In 2016, the Company initiated a limited lump-sum payout offer ("Lump-Sum Payout") to certain terminated vested plan 
participants of its U.S. defined benefit pension plans. The offer provided participants with the flexibility to receive their pension 
benefits early and reduces the Company's future administrative costs and risks related to its U.S. defined benefit pension plans. 
Under this offer, eligible plan participants were able to voluntarily elect an early payout of their pension benefits, primarily in 
the form of a lump-sum payment equal to the present value of the participant’s pension benefits. In connection with the Lump-
Sum Payout, payments of $154.9 million were distributed from existing defined benefit pension plan assets, and the Company 
recognized a $34.2 million non-cash settlement charge. Payments under the Lump-Sum Payout are reflected as benefits paid in 
the reconciliations of the change in benefit obligation and the change in plan assets for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
Pretax amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, are shown 
below (in millions): 

 
 
 
Actuarial gains (losses) recognized:   
$ 

Reclassification adjustments 
Actuarial gain (loss) arising 
during the period 
Effect of curtailment 
Effect of settlement 

Prior service credit recognized: 

 

Reclassification adjustments 

Translation adjustment 
 

$ 

 

96   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

Pension 

Other Postretirement 

December 31, 2017 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

December 31, 2017 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 
 

   
2.6    $

 
11.4
 
—   
0.2   

   

—   
—   
14.2    $

 
5.1 $

(6.0)
—
0.8

 

—
(8.2)
(8.3) $

 
2.7 $

(10.1)
—
33.2

 

—
—

25.8 $

3.1

(30.0)
—
0.4

 
$

 

—
(1.0)
(27.5) $

 
(2.6) $ 

4.5
2.1
—

 

—
—
4.0 $ 

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 
(1.3) $

12.8
—
—

—
—

 

11.5 $

0.2

(0.8)
—
—

(0.3)
(0.1)
(1.0)

   
0.3    $ 

 
0.7 
 
0.2    
—    

   

(0.4 )  
(0.4 )  
0.4    $ 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
In addition, the Company recognized tax expense in other comprehensive income (loss) related to its defined benefit plans of 
$1.5 million, $7.1 million and $8.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Pretax amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss not yet recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, are shown below (in millions): 

 
 
 
Net unrecognized actuarial gain 
(loss) 
Prior service credit 
 

Pension 

Other Postretirement 

December 31, 2017 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

December 31, 2017 
U.S. 
Foreign 

 
 

December 31, 2016 
U.S. 
Foreign 

$ 

(95.9)   $ (109.2) $ (110.1) $ (100.9) $

—   

—

—

—

$ 

(95.9)   $ (109.2) $ (110.1) $ (100.9) $

27.0 $ 
2.1
29.1 $ 

(5.4)   $ 
0.6    
(4.8)   $ 

25.1 $

—

25.1 $

(6.1)
0.9
(5.2)

Pretax amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2017, that are expected to be recognized 
as components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) in the year ending December 31, 2018, are shown below (in millions): 

 
 
Net unrecognized actuarial gain (loss)  $ 
Prior service credit 
 

$ 

Pension 

U.S. 

Foreign 

Other Postretirement 
U.S. 

Foreign 

(2.1) $
—
(2.1) $

(6.0) $
—
(6.0) $

2.2 $
0.2
2.4 $

(0.1)
0.3
0.2

The Company uses the corridor approach when amortizing actuarial losses. Under the corridor approach, net unrecognized 
actuarial losses in excess of 10% of the greater of i) the projected benefit obligation or ii) the fair value of plan assets are 
amortized over future periods. For plans with little to no active participants, the amortization period is the remaining average 
life expectancy of the participants. For plans with active participants, the amortization period is the remaining average service 
period of the active participants. The amortization periods range from 5 to 31 years for the Company's defined benefit pension 
plans and from 3 to 17 years for the Company's other postretirement benefit plans. 

Net Periodic Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Cost (Credit) 
The components of the Company’s net periodic pension benefit cost (credit) are shown below (in millions): 

 
 
Pension 
Service cost 
Interest cost 
Expected return on plan assets 
Amortization of actuarial loss 
Curtailment loss 
Settlement loss 
Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

U.S. 

Foreign 

U.S. 

Foreign 

 
 

$

$

5.0 $
21.8
(28.9)
2.6
—
0.2
0.7 $

7.3 $
15.0
(22.9)
5.1
0.9
0.8
6.2 $

5.6 $
29.8
(38.1)
2.7
—
34.4
34.4 $

2015 

U.S. 

4.7 $
28.7
(39.4)
2.6
—
0.2
(3.2) $

Foreign 
8.4
16.2
(25.7)
4.1
7.7
—
10.7

6.5    $ 
15.8   
(23.2)  
3.1   
—   
0.4   
2.6    $ 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   97

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
The components of the Company’s net periodic other postretirement benefit cost (credit) are shown below (in millions): 

 
 
Other Postretirement 
Service cost 
Interest cost 
Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss 
Amortization of prior service credit 
Special termination benefits 
Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 

2017 

Year Ended December 31, 

2016 

Foreign 

 
 

U.S. 

Foreign 

U.S. 

$

$

0.1 $
2.4
(2.6)
—
—
(0.1) $

0.5 $
1.5
0.3
(0.4)
0.1
2.0 $

0.2 $
3.2
(1.3)
—
—
2.1 $

2015 

U.S. 

0.2 $
3.1
(1.2)
—
—
2.1 $

Foreign 
0.7
1.7
0.5
(0.4)
0.8
3.3

0.5    $ 
1.6   
0.2   
(0.3)  
0.3   
2.3    $ 

For the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recognized pension curtailment and settlement losses of $1.7 million 
related to its restructuring actions (Note 4, "Restructuring"). 

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized a pension settlement loss of $34.2 million related to its Lump-
Sum Payout described above. 
For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized a pension curtailment loss of $7.7 million related to its 
restructuring actions (Note 4, "Restructuring"). 

Assumptions 
The weighted average actuarial assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations are shown below: 

 
December 31, 
Discount rate: 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

Rate of compensation increase: 

Pension 

2017 

2016 

 

 

3.6% 
3.1% 

 

 

4.1% 
3.3% 

Other Postretirement 
2017 
2016 

3.5% 
3.5% 

 

 

3.9% 
3.9% 

 
 
   
 
 
   
 

Foreign plans 

 
The weighted average actuarial assumptions used in determining the net periodic benefit cost (credit) are shown below: 

3.3% 

3.3% 

N/A 

N/A 

For the year ended December 31, 
Pension 

Discount rate: 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

Expected return on plan assets: 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

Rate of compensation increase: 

Foreign plans 

Other postretirement 

Discount rate: 

Domestic plans 
Foreign plans 

 
 

 

 

 
 

2017 

 

   
   

4.1% 
3.3% 

7.3% 
6.3% 

3.3% 

3.9% 
3.9% 

   

   

   
   

2016 

2015 

 
 

 

 

 
 

4.4%
3.8%

7.5%
6.3%

3.3%

4.2%
4.2%

4.1%
3.6%

7.8%
6.5%

3.1%

3.9%
4.0%

The expected return on plan assets is determined based on several factors, including adjusted historical returns, historical risk 
premiums for various asset classes and target asset allocations within the portfolio. Adjustments made to the historical returns 

 

98   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
are based on recent return experience in the equity and fixed income markets and the belief that deviations from historical 
returns are likely over the relevant investment horizon. 

Healthcare Trend Rate 
Assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement benefit plans. The 
sensitivity to a 100 basis point ("bp") change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rates is shown below (in millions): 

 
100 bp increase in healthcare cost trend rates 
100 bp decrease in healthcare cost trend rates 

$
$

Postretirement 
Benefit Obligation   
13.9   $
(11.3)  $

Net Periodic 

Postretirement Cost 
0.8
(0.6)

The assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2017, are 
shown below: 

 
Initial healthcare cost trend rate 
Ultimate healthcare cost trend rate 
Year ultimate healthcare cost trend rate achieved 

U.S. Plans 
6.5% 
4.5% 
2021 

 

 
 
 

Foreign Plans 

5.4% 
4.5% 
2031 

 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   99

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
Plan Assets 
Fair value measurements and the related valuation techniques and fair value hierarchy level for the Company’s pension plan 
assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, are shown below (in millions): 

 
 
U.S. Plans: 
Equity securities - 
Mutual funds 
Common stock 
Fixed income - 
Mutual funds 
Corporate bonds 
Government obligations 
Preferred stock 
Cash and short-term investments 
Assets at fair value 
Investments measured at net asset value - 
Alternative investments 

Assets at fair value 
Foreign Plans: 
Equity securities - 
Equity funds 
Common stock 
Fixed income - 
Fixed income funds 
Corporate bonds 
Government obligations 
Cash and short-term investments 
Assets at fair value 
Investments measured at net asset value - 
Alternative investments 

Assets at fair value 

Total 

Level 1 

December 31, 2017 
 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Valuation 
Technique 

 
 
$

 

 

$
 
 
$

 

 

$

 
 
149.6 $
80.5

 

101.6
24.8
23.5
1.5
6.4

50.3
438.2

387.9 $
 
 
 
 
 
163.3 $
71.6

 

30.9
37.0
58.8
9.0

370.6 $
 
 
 

35.8
406.4

 
 
149.6 $
54.9

 

101.6
—
—
1.0
1.6

308.7 $
 
 
 
 
 
— $

71.6

 

—
—
—
3.4
75.0 $
 
 
 

   
   
—   $ 
25.6   
   
—   
24.8   
23.5   
0.5   
4.8   
79.2   $ 
   
   
   
   
   
163.3   $ 
—   
   
30.9   
37.0   
58.8   
5.6   
295.6   $ 
   
   
   

 
 

— Market 
— Market 

 

— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
—  
 
 
 
 
 

— Market 
— Market 

 

— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
—  
 
 
 

  

 

100   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
 
U.S. Plans: 
Equity securities - 
Mutual funds 
Common stock 
Fixed income - 
Mutual funds 
Corporate bonds 
Government obligations 
Preferred stock 
Cash and short-term investments 
Assets at fair value 
Investments measured at net asset value - 
Alternative investments 

Assets at fair value 
Foreign Plans: 
Equity securities - 
Equity funds 
Common stock 
Fixed income - 
Fixed income funds 
Corporate bonds 
Government obligations 
Cash 
Assets at fair value 
Investments measured at net asset value - 
Alternative investments 

Assets at fair value 

Total 

Level 1 

December 31, 2016 
 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Valuation 
Technique 

 
 
$

 

 

$
 
 
$

 

 

$

 
 
137.7 $
77.5

 

86.5
18.1
29.9
1.4
8.4

53.1
412.6

359.5 $
 
 
 
 
 
132.6 $
73.2

 

31.2
37.1
53.8
6.0

333.9 $
 
 
 

33.2
367.1

 
 
137.7 $
51.1

 

86.5
—
—
0.9
0.9

277.1 $
 
 
 
 
 
— $

73.2

 

—
—
—
3.2
76.4 $
 
 
 

   
   
—   $ 
26.4    
   
—    
18.1    
29.9    
0.5    
7.5    
82.4   $ 
   
   
   
   
   
132.6   $ 
—    
   
31.2    
37.1    
53.8    
2.8    
257.5   $ 
   
   
   

 
 

— Market 
— Market 

 

— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
—  
 
 
 
 
 

— Market 
— Market 

 

— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
— Market 
—  
 
 
 

For further information on the GAAP fair value hierarchy, see Note 13, "Financial Instruments." Pension plan assets for the 
foreign plans relate to the Company’s pension plans primarily in Canada and the United Kingdom. 
In 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2015-07, "Disclosures for Investments in Certain 
Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value Per Share (or its Equivalent)." ASU 2015-07 removes the requirement to categorize, 
within the fair value hierarchy, investments for which fair values are estimated using the net asset value ("NAV") as a practical 
expedient as provided by Accounting Standards Codification 820, "Fair Value Measurement." In 2016, the Company early 
adopted the provisions of this update with respect to its defined benefit pension plan assets and retroactively applied the new 
presentation requirements to all periods presented. Accordingly, the alternative investments of the U.S. defined benefit pension 
plans, for which fair values are estimated using the NAV as a practical expedient, are no longer categorized and presented 
within the fair value hierarchy. These assets are shown below the fair value hierarchy in order to present total pension plan 
assets at fair value. 
The Company’s investment policies incorporate an asset allocation strategy that emphasizes the long-term growth of capital. 
The Company believes that this strategy is consistent with the long-term nature of plan liabilities and ultimate cash needs of the 
plans. For the domestic portfolio, the Company targets an equity allocation of 50% — 75% of plan assets, a fixed income 
allocation of 15% — 40%, an alternative investment allocation of 0% — 30% and a cash allocation of 0% — 10%. For the 
foreign portfolio, the Company targets an equity allocation of 45% — 65% of plan assets, a fixed income allocation of 25% — 
45%, an alternative investment allocation of 0% — 25% and a cash allocation of 0% — 15%. Differences in the target 
allocations of the domestic and foreign portfolios are reflective of differences in the underlying plan liabilities. Diversification 
within the investment portfolios is pursued by asset class and investment management style. The investment portfolios are 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   101

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
reviewed on a quarterly basis to maintain the desired asset allocations, given the market performance of the asset classes and 
investment management styles. Alternative investments are redeemable in the near term, generally with 60 days notice. 
The Company utilizes investment management firms to manage these assets in accordance with the Company’s investment 
policies. Excluding alternative investments, mutual funds and ETFs, retained investment managers are provided investment 
guidelines which restrict the use of certain assets, including commodities contracts, futures contracts, options, venture capital, 
real estate, interest-only or principal-only strips and investments in the Company’s own debt or equity. Derivative instruments 
are also prohibited without the specific approval of the Company. Investment managers are limited in the maximum size of 
individual security holdings and the maximum exposure to any one industry relative to the total portfolio. Fixed income 
managers are provided further investment guidelines that indicate minimum credit ratings for debt securities and limitations on 
weighted average maturity and portfolio duration. 
The Company evaluates investment manager performance against market indices which the Company believes are appropriate 
to the investment management style for which the investment manager has been retained. The Company’s investment policies 
incorporate an investment goal of aggregate portfolio returns which exceed the returns of the appropriate market indices by a 
reasonable spread over the relevant investment horizon. 

Contributions 
The Company's minimum required contributions to its domestic and foreign pension plans are expected to be 
approximately$10.0 million to $15.0 million in 2018. The Company may elect to make contributions in excess of minimum 
funding requirements in response to investment performance or changes in interest rates or when the Company believes that it 
is financially advantageous to do so and based on its other cash requirements. The Company’s minimum funding requirements 
after 2018 will depend on several factors, including investment performance and interest rates. The Company’s minimum 
funding requirements may also be affected by changes in applicable legal requirements. 

Benefit Payments 
As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s estimate of expected benefit payments in each of the five succeeding years and in the 
aggregate for the five years thereafter are shown below (in millions): 

 
Year 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Five years thereafter 

$ 

Pension 

U.S. 

23.9 $
25.4
26.2
26.9
28.3
146.0

Foreign 
18.9
18.7
19.5
19.9
21.7
116.9

$

Other Postretirement 
U.S. 
Foreign 
1.5
1.5
1.6
1.7
1.7
9.8

4.3 $
4.3
4.2
4.2
4.0
18.5

Multi-Employer Pension Plans 
The Company currently participates in two multi-employer pension plans, the U.A.W. Labor-Management Group Pension Plan 
and UNITE Here National Retirement Fund, for certain of its employees. Contributions to these plans are based on three 
collective bargaining agreements. One of the agreements expires on April 24, 2020, and two of the agreements expire on July 3, 
2020. Detailed information related to these plans is shown below (amounts in millions): 

 

Employer Identification 
Number 
516099782-001 
13-6130178 

December 31, 

2017 

Certification 

Green 
Red 

 
 
 

Pension Protection Act 

Zone Status 

December 31, 

2016 

Certification 

 

 

FIP/RP 

Pending or 
Implemented

Surcharge 

Contributions to Multiemployer Pension Plans 
Year Ended 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
December 31, 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Red 
Red 

Yes 
Yes 

$

No 
No 

 
0.6    $ 
0.4   

0.6 $
0.4

0.5
0.3

For its plan years 2017 and 2016, the Company's contributions to the U.A.W. Labor-Management Group Pension Plan 
represented more than 5% of the plan's total contributions. 

 

102   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Defined Contribution Plan 
The Company also sponsors defined contribution plans and participates in government-sponsored programs in certain foreign 
countries. Contributions are determined as a percentage of each covered employee’s salary. For the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016 and 2015, the aggregate cost of the defined contribution plans was $15.0 million, $14.4 million and $13.3 million, 
respectively. 
The Company also has a defined contribution retirement program for its salaried employees. Contributions to this program are 
determined as a percentage of each covered employee’s eligible compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 
and 2015, the Company recorded expense of $21.3 million, $21.2 million and $19.4 million, respectively, related to this 
program. 

(9) Capital Stock, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and Equity  

Common Stock 
The Company is authorized to issue up to 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock. The Company’s Common Stock is listed on 
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "LEA" and has the following rights and privileges: 

•   Voting Rights – All shares of the Company’s common stock have identical rights and privileges. With limited 

exceptions, holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of common stock held of 
record by each stockholder on all matters properly submitted for the vote of the Company’s stockholders. 

•   Dividend Rights – Subject to applicable law, any contractual restrictions and the rights of the holders of outstanding 
preferred stock, if any, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends and other distributions 
that the Company’s Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from time to time. 

•   Liquidation Rights – Upon the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, subject to the rights of the 

holders of outstanding preferred stock, if any, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably the assets of the 
Company available for distribution to the Company’s stockholders in proportion to the number of shares of common 
stock held by each stockholder. 

•   Conversion, Redemption and Preemptive Rights – Holders of common stock have no conversion, redemption, sinking 

fund, preemptive, subscription or similar rights. 

Common Stock Share Repurchase Program 
Since the first quarter of 2011, the Company's Board of Directors has authorized $4.1 billion in share repurchases under its 
common stock share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2017, the Company has paid $3.5 billion in aggregate for 
repurchases of its common stock, at an average price of $79.73 per share, excluding commissions and related fees. 
In 2017, the Company repurchased $454.4 million in aggregate of its common stock (3,014,131 shares repurchased at an 
average purchase price of $150.77 per share, excluding commissions), of which $450.5 was paid in cash with the remaining 
amount to be paid in the first quarter of 2018. In 2016, the Company paid $658.8 million in aggregate for repurchases of its 
common stock, (5,816,363 shares repurchased at an average purchase price of $113.26 per share, excluding commissions). In 
2015, the Company paid $487.4 million in aggregate for repurchases of its common stock, (4,366,365 shares repurchased at an 
average purchase price of $111.62 per share, excluding commissions). 
As of December 31, 2017, the Company has a remaining repurchase authorization of $545.6 million under its current common 
stock share repurchase program, which will expire on December 31, 2019. The Company may implement these share 
repurchases through a variety of methods, including, but not limited to, open market purchases, accelerated stock repurchase 
programs and structured repurchase transactions. The extent to which the Company will repurchase its outstanding common 
stock and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon its financial condition, prevailing market conditions, alternative uses 
of capital and other factors. 
In addition to shares repurchased under the Company’s common stock share repurchase program described above, the Company 
classified shares withheld from the settlement of the Company’s restricted stock unit and performance share awards to cover tax 
withholding requirements as common stock held in treasury in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. 
In 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the retirement of 8 million shares of common stock held in treasury. 
These retired shares are reflected as authorized, but not issued, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   103

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
December 31, 2017. The retirement of shares held in treasury resulted in a reduction in the par value of common stock, 
additional paid-in capital and retained earnings of $0.1 million, $155.9 million and $735.5 million, respectively. These 
reductions were offset by a corresponding reduction in shares held in treasury of $891.5 million. Accordingly, there was no 
effect on stockholders' equity as a result of this transaction. 

Quarterly Dividend 
In 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.50, $0.30 and $0.25, 
respectively, per share of common stock. In 2017, declared dividends totaled $140.3 million, and dividends paid totaled $137.7 
million. In 2016, declared dividends totaled $89.1 million, and dividends paid totaled $88.8 million. In 2015, declared 
dividends totaled $79.4 million, and dividends paid totaled $78.5 million. Dividends payable on common shares to be 
distributed under the Company’s stock-based compensation program and common shares contemplated as part of the 
Company’s emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings will be paid when such common shares are distributed. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
Comprehensive income is defined as all changes in the Company’s net assets except changes resulting from transactions with 
stockholders. It differs from net income in that certain items recorded in equity are included in comprehensive income. 
A summary of changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Defined benefit plans: 

Balance at beginning of year 
Reclassification adjustments (net of tax expense of $1.1 million in 2017, $12.1 
million in 2016 and $1.4 million in 2015) 
Other comprehensive income (loss) recognized during the period (net of tax 
benefit (expense) of ($0.4) million in 2017, $5.0 million in 2016 and ($6.9) 
million in 2015) 
Balance at end of year 

Derivative instruments and hedging activities: 

Balance at beginning of year 
Reclassification adjustments (net of tax expense of $3.1 million in 2017, $28.8 
million in 2016 and $14.9 million in 2015) 
Other comprehensive income (loss) recognized during the period (net of tax 
benefit (expense) of ($12.8) million in 2017, $32.7 million in 2016 and $18.4 
million in 2015) 
Balance at end of year 

Cumulative translation adjustments: 

Balance at beginning of year 
Other comprehensive income (loss) recognized during the period (net of tax 
benefit of $— million in 2017, $1.1 million in 2016 and $6.0 million in 2015) 
Balance at end of year 

 
$

$
 
$

$
 
$

$

2017 

 

   
(192.8)   $ 

2016 

2015 

 
(194.6) $

(219.2)

 

25.9

4.2

 
4.9 
 

3.9 

 

(184.0)   $ 
   
(45.1)   $ 

 
6.4 
 

(24.1)
(192.8) $
 
(38.7) $

 

57.9

 

15.8 
(22.9)   $ 
   
(597.7)   $ 

 
291.2 
(306.5)   $ 

 

(64.3)
(45.1) $
 
(496.8) $

(100.9)
(597.7) $

20.4
(194.6)

(33.2)

23.7

(29.2)
(38.7)

(249.6)

(247.2)
(496.8)

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, other comprehensive loss related to cumulative translation adjustments 
includes pretax gains (losses) related to intercompany transactions for which settlement is not planned or anticipated in the 
foreseeable future of $0.9 million, ($0.2) million and ($10.7) million, respectively. 

Noncontrolling Interests 
In 2017 and 2016, the Company gained control of an affiliate. For further information related to these transactions, see Note 5, 
"Investments in Affiliates and Other Related Party Transactions." Also in 2016, the Company acquired the outstanding 
noncontrolling interests in a consolidated subsidiary, Shenyang Lear Automotive Seating and Interior Systems Co., Ltd., for 
$32.6 million and now owns 100% of the subsidiary.  
In 2015, a noncontrolling interest was established in a new less than wholly owned consolidated subsidiary. 

 

104   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
(10) Stock-Based Compensation  
The Company adopted the Lear Corporation 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan as of November 9, 2009 (as amended, the 
"2009 LTSIP"). The 2009 LTSIP reserves 11,815,748 shares of common stock for issuance under stock option, restricted stock, 
restricted stock unit, restricted unit, performance share, performance unit and stock appreciation right awards. 
Under the 2009 LTSIP, the Company has granted restricted stock units and performance shares to certain of its employees. The 
restricted stock units and performance shares generally vest in three years following the grant date. For the years ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized compensation expense related to the restricted stock unit and 
performance share awards of $68.7 million, $66.7 million and $64.5 million, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense 
related to the restricted stock unit and performance share awards of $60.6 million will be recognized over the next 1.5 years on 
a weighted average basis. In accordance with the provisions of the restricted stock unit and performance share awards, the 
Company withholds shares from the settlement of such awards to cover minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. The 
withheld shares are classified as common stock held in treasury in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. A summary of restricted stock unit and performance share transactions for the year ended 
December 31, 2017, is shown below: 

 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2016 

Granted 
Distributed (vested) 
Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2017 (1) 
 
Vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2017 

 

Weighted Average 

Grant Date 
Fair Value 
$92.54 
$142.14 

$109.31 

Restricted 
Stock Units 
623,142
153,675
(194,373) 
(10,231) 
572,213

 
572,213  

Performance 

Shares 
1,455,054  
389,384  
(571,254 )  
(73,614 )  
1,199,570  

 

 
1,150,611    

Weighted Average 

Grant Date 
Fair Value 
$94.19 
$132.94 

$115.33 

(1)  Outstanding performance shares are reflected at the maximum possible payout that may be earned during the relevant performance periods. 

The grant date fair values of restricted stock units and performance shares are based on the share price on the grant date. The 
weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted in 2016 and 2015 was $120.42 and $104.46, 
respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of performance shares granted in 2016 and 2015 was $119.99 and 
$97.92, respectively. 

(11) Commitments and Contingencies  

Legal and Other Contingencies 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had recorded reserves for pending legal disputes, including commercial 
disputes and other matters, of $25.8 million and $11.0 million, respectively. Such reserves reflect amounts recognized in 
accordance with GAAP and typically exclude the cost of legal representation. Product liability and warranty reserves are 
recorded separately from legal reserves, as described below. 

Commercial Disputes 
The Company is involved from time to time in legal proceedings and claims, including, without limitation, commercial or 
contractual disputes with its customers, suppliers and competitors. These disputes vary in nature and are usually resolved by 
negotiations between the parties. 

Product Liability and Warranty Matters 
In the event that use of the Company’s products results in, or is alleged to result in, bodily injury and/or property damage or 
other losses, the Company may be subject to product liability lawsuits and other claims. Such lawsuits generally seek 
compensatory damages, punitive damages and attorneys’ fees and costs. In addition, if any of the Company’s products are, or 
are alleged to be, defective, the Company may be required or requested by its customers to participate in a recall or other 
corrective action involving such products. Certain of the Company’s customers have asserted claims against the Company for 
costs related to recalls or other corrective actions involving its products. The Company can provide no assurances that it will 
not experience material claims in the future or that it will not incur significant costs to defend such claims. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   105

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
To a lesser extent, the Company is a party to agreements with certain of its customers, whereby these customers may pursue 
claims against the Company for contribution of all or a portion of the amounts sought in connection with product liability and 
warranty claims. 
In certain instances, allegedly defective products may be supplied by Tier 2 suppliers. The Company may seek recovery from 
its suppliers of materials or services included within the Company’s products that are associated with product liability and 
warranty claims. The Company carries insurance for certain legal matters, including product liability claims, but such coverage 
may be limited. The Company does not maintain insurance for product warranty or recall matters. Future dispositions with 
respect to the Company’s product liability claims that were subject to compromise under the Chapter 11 bankruptcy 
proceedings will be satisfied out of a common stock and warrant reserve established for that purpose. 
The Company records product warranty reserves when liability is probable and related amounts are reasonably estimable. 
A summary of the changes in reserves for product liability and warranty claims for each of the periods in the two years ended 
December 31, 2017, is shown below (in millions): 

Balance as of January 1, 2016 

Expense, net, including changes in estimates 
Settlements 
Foreign currency translation and other 

Balance as of December 31, 2016 

Expense, net, including changes in estimates 
Settlements 
Foreign currency translation and other 

Balance as of December 31, 2017 

$

$

33.0
27.3
(10.4)
(0.8)
49.1
13.3
(19.6)
3.7
46.5

Environmental Matters 
The Company is subject to local, state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and ordinances which govern activities or 
operations that may have adverse environmental effects and which impose liability for clean-up costs resulting from past spills, 
disposals or other releases of hazardous wastes and environmental compliance. The Company’s policy is to comply with all 
applicable environmental laws and to maintain an environmental management program based on ISO 14001 to ensure 
compliance with this standard. However, the Company currently is, has been and in the future may become the subject of 
formal or informal enforcement actions or procedures. 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had recorded environmental reserves of $9.0 million. The Company does not 
believe that the environmental liabilities associated with its current and former properties will have a material adverse impact 
on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows; however, no assurances can be given in this regard. 

Other Matters 
The Company is involved from time to time in various other legal proceedings and claims, including, without limitation, 
intellectual property matters, tax claims and employment matters. Although the outcome of any legal matter cannot be predicted 
with certainty, the Company does not believe that any of the other legal proceedings or claims in which the Company is 
currently involved, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse impact on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, no assurances can be given in this regard. 
Although the Company records reserves for legal disputes, product liability and warranty claims and environmental and other 
matters in accordance with GAAP, the ultimate outcomes of these matters are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ 
significantly from current estimates. 

Employees 
Approximately 46% of the Company’s employees are members of industrial trade unions and are employed under the terms of 
various labor agreements. Labor agreements covering approximately 77% of the Company’s global unionized workforce of 
approximately 76,400 employees, including labor agreements in the United States and Canada covering approximately 2% of 
the Company’s global unionized workforce, are scheduled to expire in 2018. Management does not anticipate any significant 
difficulties with respect to the renewal of these agreements. 

 

106   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
Lease Commitments 
A summary of lease commitments as of December 31, 2017, under non-cancelable operating leases with terms exceeding one 
year is shown below (in millions): 

2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Thereafter 
Total 

$ 

$ 

103.1 
90.4  
77.0  
59.7  
48.9  
169.7  
548.8 

The Company’s operating leases cover principally buildings and transportation equipment. For the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016 and 2015, rent expense was $144.7 million, $126.4 million and $126.2 million, respectively. 

(12) Segment Reporting  
A summary of revenues from external customers and other financial information by reportable operating segment is shown 
below (in millions): 

 
 
Revenues from external customers 
Segment earnings (1) 
Depreciation and amortization 
Capital expenditures 
Total assets 

 
 
Revenues from external customers 
Segment earnings (1) 
Depreciation and amortization 
Capital expenditures 
Total assets 

 
 
Revenues from external customers 
Segment earnings (1) 
Depreciation and amortization 
Capital expenditures 

 

 

$

$

Seating 
15,873.0 $
1,250.8
289.5
398.3
7,303.4

Seating 
14,356.7 $
1,136.0
258.1
341.6
6,199.2

Year Ended December 31, 2017 
E-Systems 

Other 

4,594.0 $ 

—  $

641.6
123.4
176.3
2,268.0

(284.1 )
14.8  
19.9  
2,374.5  

Year Ended December 31, 2016 
E-Systems 

Other 

4,200.9 $ 

—  $

591.3
107.6
162.4
1,675.9

(300.1 )
12.5  
24.3  
2,025.5  

Seating 
14,098.5 $

$

907.0
239.3
317.2

Year Ended December 31, 2015 
E-Systems 

Other 

4,112.9 $ 

554.4
99.3
134.4

—  $

(274.6 )
9.2  
34.2  

Consolidated 
20,467.0
1,608.3
427.7
594.5
11,945.9

Consolidated 
18,557.6
1,427.2
378.2
528.3
9,900.6

Consolidated 
18,211.4
1,186.8
347.8
485.8

(1)  For a definition of segment earnings, see Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Segment Reporting." 

For the year ended December 31, 2017, segment earnings include restructuring charges of $45.7 million, $19.9 million and $7.9 
million in the Seating and E-Systems segments and in the other category, respectively (Note 4, "Restructuring"). 
For the year ended December 31, 2016, segment earnings include restructuring charges of $40.6 million, $20.1 million and $2.9 
million in the Seating and E-Systems segments and in the other category, respectively (Note 4, "Restructuring"). 
For the year ended December 31, 2015, segment earnings include restructuring charges of $60.8 million, $13.9 million and 
$12.1 million in the Seating and E-Systems segments and in the other category, respectively (Note 4, "Restructuring"). 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   107

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
A reconciliation of segment earnings to consolidated income before provision for income taxes and equity in net income of 
affiliates is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Segment earnings 
Corporate and regional headquarters and elimination of intercompany 
activity ("Other") 
Consolidated income before interest, other expense, provision for income 
taxes and equity in net income of affiliates 
Interest expense 
Other (income) expense, net 
Consolidated income before provision for income taxes and equity in net 
income of affiliates 

2017 

$

1,892.4 $ 

2016 
1,727.3  $

2015 

1,461.4

(284.1)

1,608.3
85.7
(4.1)

$

1,526.7 $ 

(300.1 )
 
1,427.2 
82.5  
6.4  
 

1,338.3

(274.6)

1,186.8
86.7
68.6

$

1,031.5

Revenues from external customers and tangible long-lived assets for each of the geographic areas in which the Company 
operates is shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Revenues from external customers 

United States 
Mexico 
China 
Germany 
Other countries 

Total 

 

December 31, 
Tangible long-lived assets: 

United States 
Mexico 
China 
Germany 
Other countries 

Total 

2017 

 
3,955.1 $ 
3,170.9
2,519.3
2,139.4
8,682.3
20,467.0 $ 

2016 

 
4,186.0  $
2,684.4  
2,277.6  
2,076.0  
7,333.6  
18,557.6  $

2015 

4,252.3
2,777.3
2,141.9
1,987.3
7,052.6
18,211.4

 
$

$

2017 

2016 

 
$ 

$ 

 
385.4  $
549.0  
307.3  
182.4  
1,035.3  
2,459.4  $

361.2
466.5
253.5
147.5
790.6
2,019.3

The following is a summary of the percentage of revenues from major customers: 

For the year ended December 31, 
Ford 
General Motors 
BMW 

2017 
18.3% 
18.0% 
8.1% 

2016 
21.0% 
20.9% 
10.1% 

2015 
22.5% 
20.0% 
10.5% 

 

 

108   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 

(13) Financial Instruments  

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Debt Instruments 
The carrying values of the Company’s debt instruments vary from their fair values. The fair values were determined by 
reference to the quoted market prices of these securities (Level 2 input based on the GAAP fair value hierarchy). The estimated 
fair value, as well as the carrying value, of the Company's debt instruments are shown below (in millions): 

December 31 
Estimated aggregate fair value (1) 
Aggregate carrying value (1) (2) 

$ 

2017 
2,033.5 $
1,973.4

2016 
2,004.8
1,943.7

(1)   Credit agreement and senior notes (excludes "other" debt) 
(2)  Carrying value excludes the impact of unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs 

Accounts Receivable Factoring 
One of the Company's European subsidiaries has an uncommitted factoring agreement, which provides for aggregate purchases 
of specified customer accounts of up to €200 million. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, there were no factored receivables 
outstanding. The Company cannot provide any assurances that this factoring facility will be available or utilized in the future. 

Marketable Equity Securities 
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, marketable equity securities of $43.8 million and $30.2 million, respectively, for which the 
Company accounts for under the fair value option, are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Accordingly, 
unrealized gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of the marketable equity securities are recognized in the 
consolidated statement of income as a component of other expense, net. The fair value of the marketable equity securities is 
determined by reference to quoted market prices in active markets (Level 1 input based on the GAAP fair value hierarchy). 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

Foreign Exchange 
The Company uses forwards, swaps and other derivative contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates 
on known foreign currency exposures. Gains and losses on the derivative instruments are intended to offset gains and losses on 
the hedged transaction in an effort to reduce exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The principal currencies hedged 
by the Company include the Mexican peso, various European currencies, the Thai baht, the Japanese yen, the Chinese renminbi 
and the Philippine peso. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   109

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
The notional amount, estimated fair value and related classification in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of the 
Company's foreign currency derivative contracts are shown below (in millions, except for maturities): 

December 31, 
Fair value of foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges: 

Other current assets 
Other long-term assets 
Other current liabilities 
Other long-term liabilities 

 
 

Notional amount 
Outstanding maturities in months, not to exceed 

Fair value of foreign currency contracts not designated as hedging instruments: 

Other current assets 
Other current liabilities 

 
 

Notional amount 
Outstanding maturities in months, not to exceed 

 
Total fair value 
Total notional amount 

2017 

2016 

 
$ 

 
16.9 $
1.3
(28.4)
(8.0)
(18.2)

 
 
$  1,538.5 $

 

 
$ 

 

24

1.8
(6.4)
(4.6)

 
681.1 $

12

11.2
0.5
(58.3)
(9.9)
(56.5)

1,275.0
24

5.9
(3.8)
2.1

681.2
12

 
 
$ 
(22.8) $
$  2,219.6 $

(54.4)
1,956.2

Foreign currency derivative contracts not designated as hedging instruments consist principally of hedges of cash transactions, 
intercompany loans and certain other balance sheet exposures. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
Pretax amounts related to foreign currency derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges that were recognized in and 
reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss are shown below (in millions): 

For the year ended December 31, 
Gains (losses) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss: 
 
(Gains) losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to: 
Net sales 
Cost of sales 
 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

$
 
 

$

2017 

 

28.8    $ 
   
   
2.1    
7.4    
9.5    
38.3    $ 

2016 

(96.8) $
 
 

4.8
81.9
86.7
(10.1) $

2015 

(47.3)

(3.7)
42.3
38.6
(8.7)

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, pretax net losses of $18.2 million and $56.5 million, respectively, related to the Company’s 
derivative instruments and hedging activities were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. During the next twelve 
month period, the Company expects to reclassify into earnings net losses of $11.5 million recorded in accumulated other 
comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2017. Such losses will be reclassified at the time that the underlying hedged 
transactions are realized. 
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, amounts recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of 
income related to changes in the fair value of cash flow and fair value hedges excluded from the Company’s effectiveness 
assessments and the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of cash flow and fair value hedges were not material. In 
addition, the Company recognized tax benefits (expense) of ($15.9) million, $3.9 million and $3.5 million in other 
comprehensive income (loss) related to its derivative instruments and hedging activities for the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 

110   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Fair Value Measurements 
GAAP provides that fair value is an exit price, defined as a market-based measurement that represents the amount that would be 
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value 
measurements are based on one or more of the following three valuation techniques: 

Market:   

 
 
Income:   

 

 
Cost:   

This approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical 
or comparable assets or liabilities. 

This approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount based on 
current market expectations. 

This approach is based on the amount that would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset 
(replacement cost). 

Further, GAAP prioritizes the inputs and assumptions used in the valuation techniques described above into a three-tier fair 
value hierarchy as follows: 

Level 1:   

 
 
Level 2:   

 
 
Level 3:   

Observable inputs, such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are 
accessible at the measurement date. 

Inputs, other than quoted market prices included in Level 1, that are observable either directly or indirectly for 
the asset or liability. 

Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity’s own assumptions about the exit price of the asset or liability. 
Unobservable inputs may be used if there is little or no market data for the asset or liability at the measurement 
date. 

The Company discloses fair value measurements and the related valuation techniques and fair value hierarchy level for its 
assets and liabilities that are measured or disclosed at fair value. 

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
Fair value measurements and the related valuation techniques and fair value hierarchy level for the Company’s assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, are shown below (in millions): 

 
 

Frequency 

Asset 

(Liability) 

Foreign currency derivative contracts, net 

Recurring $

(22.8)

Valuation 
Technique 
Market / 
Income 

$

December 31, 2017 

Marketable equity securities 

Recurring

43.8 Market 

—

 

 
 

Frequency 

Asset 

(Liability) 

Foreign currency derivative contracts, net 

Recurring $

(54.4)

December 31, 2016 

Valuation 
Technique 
Market / 
Income 

$

Marketable equity securities 

Recurring

30.2 Market 

Level 1 

 
—

 
43.8

Level 1 

 
—

 
30.2

 

 

 

Level 2 

Level 3 

  $ 

(22.8) $

—

—

Level 2 

Level 3 

  $ 

(54.4) $

 

—

—

—

The Company determines the fair value of its derivative contracts using quoted market prices to calculate the forward values 
and then discounts such forward values to the present value. The discount rates used are based on quoted bank deposit or swap 
interest rates. If a derivative contract is in a net liability position, the Company adjusts these discount rates, if required, by an 
estimate of the credit spread that would be applied by market participants purchasing these contracts from the Company’s 
counterparties. If an estimate of the credit spread is required, the Company uses significant assumptions and factors other than 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   111

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
quoted market rates, which would result in the classification of its derivative liabilities within Level 3 of the fair value 
hierarchy. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, there were no derivative contracts that were classified within Level 3 of the fair 
value hierarchy. In addition, there were no transfers in or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during 2017 and 2016. 
For further information on fair value measurements and the Company’s defined benefit pension plan assets, see Note 8, 
"Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans." 

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
The Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring basis, which are not included in the table 
above. As these non-recurring fair value measurements are generally determined using unobservable inputs, these fair value 
measurements are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
In 2017, as a result of the acquisition of Antolin Seating and the Lear STEC transaction, Level 3 fair value estimates related to 
property, plant and equipment of $95.4 million, intangible assets of $187.4 million and noncontrolling interests of $125.0 
million are recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2017. In addition, the Lear STEC 
transaction required a Level 3 fair value estimate related to the Company's previously held equity interest of $94.0 million. 
These Level 3 fair value estimates were determined as of the applicable transaction date. 
In 2016, as a result of the acquisition of AccuMED and the Beijing BAI transaction, Level 3 fair value estimates related to 
property, plant and equipment of $31.2 million, intangible assets of $87.0 million and noncontrolling interests of $41.0 million 
are recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016. In addition, the Beijing BAI transaction 
required a Level 3 fair value estimate related to the Company's previously held equity interest of $63.0 million. These Level 3 
fair value estimates were determined as of the applicable transaction date. 
Fair value estimates of property, plant and equipment were based on independent appraisals, giving consideration to the highest 
and best use of the assets. Key assumptions used in the appraisals were based on a combination of market and cost approaches, 
as appropriate. Fair value estimates of customer-based intangible assets were based on the present value of future earnings 
attributable to the asset group after recognition of required returns to other contributory assets. Fair value estimates of 
noncontrolling and equity interests were based on the present value of future cash flows and a value to earnings multiple 
approach and reflect discounts for the lack of control and the lack of marketability associated with noncontrolling and equity 
interests. Further, the fair value estimate of redeemable noncontrolling interest includes an estimate of the fair value associated 
with the noncontrolling interest holder's embedded redemption option. The fair value of this redemption option was determined 
using the Monte Carlo valuation model and includes various assumptions, including the expected volatility, risk free rate and 
dividend yield. 
For further information on assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, see Note 2, "Summary of 
Significant Accounting Policies," Note 3, "Acquisitions," Note 4, "Restructuring," and Note 5, "Investments in Affiliates and 
Other Related Party Transactions." 

(14) Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)  

(In millions, except per share data) 

 
 
Net sales 
Gross profit 
Consolidated net income 
Net income attributable to Lear 
Basic net income per share attributable to Lear 
Diluted net income per share attributable to Lear 

Thirteen Weeks Ended 

April 1, 
 2017 

July 1, 
 2017 

September 30, 

 2017 

December 31, 

 2017 

$

4,998.5 $

5,123.2 $ 

582.5
318.5
305.8
4.39
4.35

577.8
327.0
311.9
4.53
4.49

4,981.5  $
555.9  
315.0  
295.2  
4.00  
3.96  

5,363.8
574.9
420.4
400.5
5.89
5.80

In the third quarter of 2017, the Company recognized a gain of $54.2 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate and a 
loss of $21.2 million related to the extinguishment of debt. In the first, second and third quarters of 2017, the Company 
recognized net tax benefits of $19.1 million, $35.3 million and $14.0 million, respectively, related to a change in accounting for 
share-based compensation, the reversal of valuation allowances, the redemption of the 2023 notes, restructuring charges and 
various other items. In the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company recognized net tax benefits of $146.4 million, comprised of 

 

112   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
$289.7 million of foreign tax credits on repatriated earnings and $30.2 million of other discrete tax benefits, offset by a $131.0 
million one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and $42.5 million of tax expense to reflect the new U.S. 
corporate tax rate and other tax reform changes to the Company's deferred tax accounts.  
For further information, see Note 5, "Investments in Affiliates and Other Related Party Transactions," Note 6, "Debt," and Note 
7, "Income Taxes." 

 
 
Net sales 
Gross profit 
Consolidated net income 
Net income attributable to Lear 
Basic net income per share attributable to Lear 
Diluted net income per share attributable to Lear 

Thirteen Weeks Ended 

April 2, 
 2016 

July 2, 
 2016 

October 1, 

 2016 

December 31, 

 2016 

$

4,662.9 $

4,724.8 $ 

535.7
262.5
248.4
3.33
3.29

540.4
294.5
282.4
3.85
3.82

4,526.4  $
513.9  
235.0  
214.4  
3.01  
2.98  

4,643.5
512.1
248.5
229.9
3.28
3.24

In the second quarter of 2016, the Company recognized a gain of $30.3 million related to obtaining control of an affiliate. In the 
fourth quarter of 2016, the Company recognized a $34.2 million non-cash settlement charge in connection with its lump-sum 
payout to certain terminated vested plan participants of its U.S. defined benefit pension plans. In the first, second, third and 
fourth quarters of 2016, the Company recognized $5.0 million, $7.1 million, $2.4 million and $9.1 million, respectively, of net 
tax benefits related to restructuring charges and various other items. 
For further information see, Note 5, "Investments in Affiliates and Other Related Party Transactions," Note 7, "Income Taxes," 
and Note 8, "Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans." 
 
(15) Accounting Pronouncements  
The Company has considered the recent ASUs issued by the FASB summarized below, which could significantly impact its 
financial statements: 

Standards Pending 

Adoption 

 

ASU 2014-09, Revenue from 
Contracts with Customers 

Description 

  The standard replaces existing revenue recognition 
guidance and requires additional financial 
statement disclosures. The provisions of these 
updates may be applied through either a full 
retrospective or a modified retrospective approach. 

Effective 

Date 

January 1, 

2018 

Anticipated Impact 

The Company has drafted its accounting policy with 
respect to the standard based on a detailed review of its 
business and contracts. While the Company continues to 
assess all potential impacts of the standard, it does not 
currently expect that the adoption will have a material 
impact on its revenues, results of operations or financial 
position. As required by the standard, the Company 
expects to make additional disclosures related to the 
nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and 
cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The 
Company plans to adopt the standard effective January 1, 
2018, using the modified retrospective method. The 
Company continues to evaluate the effect of the standard 
on its ongoing financial reporting. 
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this 
update. For additional information on the Company’s 
operating lease commitments, see Note 11, 
"Commitments and Contingencies." 

January 1, 

2019 

January 1, 

2018 

The update will result in the retrospective reclassification 
of the non-service cost components of net benefit cost 
from cost of sales and selling, general and administrative 
expenses to other (income) expense, net. There will be 
no impact on consolidated net income. 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   113

  The standard requires that a lessee recognize on its 
balance sheet right-of-use assets and corresponding 
liabilities resulting from leasing transactions, as 
well as additional financial statement disclosures. 
Currently, GAAP only requires balance sheet 
recognition for leases classified as capital leases. 
The provisions of this update apply to substantially 
all leased assets, with certain permitted exceptions, 
and must be adopted using a modified retrospective 
approach. 

  The standard was issued to address the net 

presentation of the components of net benefit cost. 
The standard requires that service cost be presented 
in the same line item as other current employee 
compensation costs and that the remaining 
components of net benefit cost be presented in a 
separate line item outside of any subtotal for 
income from operations. 

ASU 2016-02, Leases 

ASU 2017-07, Improving the 
Presentation of Net Periodic 
Pension Cost and Net 
Periodic Postretirement 
Benefit Cost 

 

ASU 2015-11, Simplifying the 
Measurement of Inventory 
ASU 2016-05, Effects of 
Derivative Contract Novations on 
Existing Hedge Accounting 
Relationships and ASU 2016-06, 
Contingent Put and Call Options 
in Debt Instruments. 
ASU 2016-07, Simplifying the 
Transition to Equity Method of 
Accounting 
ASU 2016-17, Interests Held 
through Related Parties that Are 
under Common Control 

 

Lear Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 
In addition to the adoption of ASU 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," discussed in 
Note 7, "Income Taxes," the Company adopted the ASUs summarized below in 2017. The effects of the adoption of the ASUs 
listed below did not significantly impact the Company's financial statements: 

Standards Adopted 

 

Description 

  The standard requires the measurement of inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value rather 
than at the lower of cost or market. 
  The standards provide clarification when there is a change in a counterparty to a derivative hedging 
instrument and the steps required when assessing the economic characteristics of embedded put or 
call options. 

Effective 

Date 

January 1, 

2017 

January 1, 

2017 

  The standard eliminates the requirement to retroactively apply the equity method of accounting as a 
result of an increase in the level of ownership or degree of influence. 

January 1, 

2017 

  The standard changes the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a 
variable interest entity in certain instances involving entities under common control. 

January 1, 

2017 

 
The Company has considered the recently issued ASUs summarized below, none of which are expected to significantly impact 
its financial statements: 

Standard 

 

ASU 2016-01, Recognition and 
Measurement of Financial Assets 
and Financial Liabilities 

Description 

  The standard requires equity investments and other ownership interests in unconsolidated entities 
(other than those accounted for using the equity method of accounting) to be measured at fair value 
through earnings. A practicability exception exists for equity investments without readily 
determinable fair values. 

Effective 

Date 

January 1, 

2018 

ASU 2016-15, Classification of 
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash 
Payments 
ASU 2016-16, Income Taxes - 
Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets 
Other than Inventory 
ASU 2016-18, Restricted Cash 

ASU 2017-01, Clarifying the 
Definition of a Business 
ASU 2017-05, Gains and Losses 
from the Derecognition of 
Nonfinancial Assets 

ASU 2017-09, Stock 
Compensation - Scope of 
Modification Accounting 

ASU 2017-12, Targeted 
Improvements to Accounting for 
Hedging Activities 

ASU 2016-13, Measurement of 
Credit Losses on Financial 
Instruments 

ASU 2017-04, Simplifying the 
Test for Goodwill Impairment 

  The standard addresses the classification of cash flows related to various transactions, including debt 
prepayment and extinguishment costs, contingent consideration and proceeds from insurance claims. 

January 1, 

2018 

  The standard requires the recognition of the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers 

(other than inventory) when the sales and transfers occur. 

The standard provides guidance on the presentation of restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. 

The standard provides a new framework to use when determining if a set of assets and activities is a 
business. 
The standard provides guidance for recognizing gains and losses on nonfinancial assets (including 
land, buildings and intangible assets) to noncustomers. Adoption must coincide with ASU 2014-09. 

The standard provides guidance intended to reduce diversity in practice when accounting for a 
modification to the terms and conditions of a share-based payment award. 

The standard contains changes intended to better portray the economic results of hedging activities, 
as well as targeted improvements to simplify hedge accounting. The Company has elected to early 
adopt the standard effective January 1, 2018. 

The standard changes the impairment model for most financial instruments to an "expected loss" 
model. The new model will generally result in earlier recognition of credit losses. 

The standard simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments and allows a goodwill impairment 
charge to be based on the amount of a reporting unit's carrying value in excess of its fair value. This 
eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill or what is known as "Step 
2" under the current guidance. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

January 1, 

2018 

January 1, 

2018 

January 1, 

2018 

January 1, 

2018 

January 1, 

2018 

January 1, 

2019 

January 1, 

2020 

January 1, 

2020 

 

 

114   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

 

LEAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

(In millions) 

For the year ended December 31, 2017 

Valuation of accounts deducted from related 
assets: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
Allowance for deferred tax assets 

Total 

 

 

For the year ended December 31, 2016 

Valuation of accounts deducted from related 
assets: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
Allowance for deferred tax assets 

Total 

 

 

Balance 

as of Beginning 

of Period 

Additions 

Retirements 

 
 

$

$

 
 

32.8 $
445.6
478.4 $

 
 

16.4 $
25.0
41.4 $

Balance 

as of Beginning 

of Period 

Additions 

Retirements 

 
 

$

$

 
 

34.4 $
495.7
530.1 $

 
 

12.0 $
8.6
20.6 $

Balance 

as of Beginning 

of Period 

Additions 

Retirements 

 
   
   

 
   
   

Other 
Changes 

Balance 
as of End 
of Period 

 
 

(3.7) $
23.5
19.8 $

41.8
402.2
444.0

Other 
Changes 

Balance 
as of End 
of Period 

 
 

(0.9) $
(5.1)
(6.0) $

32.8
445.6
478.4

(3.7)   $ 
(91.9)  
(95.6)   $ 

(12.7)   $ 
(53.6)  
(66.3)   $ 

Other 
Changes 

Balance 
as of End 
of Period 

 
 

 
   
   

(4.5)   $ 
(25.9)  
(30.4)   $ 

(2.7) $
(38.8)
(41.5) $

34.4
495.7
530.1

For the year ended December 31, 2015 

Valuation of accounts deducted from related 
assets: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
Allowance for deferred tax assets 

Total 

 
 

$

$

 
 

27.5 $
508.5
536.0 $

 
 

14.1 $
51.9
66.0 $

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   115

 
 

None. 

ITEM 9 – CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 

ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

(a)  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

ITEM 9A – CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

The Company has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including 
the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer along with the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) 
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of the period 
covered by this Report. The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance 
of achieving their objectives. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can 
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
Based on the evaluation described above, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer along with the 
Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and 
procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the desired control objectives were achieved as of the end 
of the period covered by this Report. 

(b)  Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of the 
Company’s management, including the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer along with the Company’s 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal 
control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). In April 2017, the Company completed the 
acquisition of Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business ("Antolin Seating") and is currently integrating Antolin 
Seating into its operations, compliance programs and internal control processes. As permitted by Securities and Exchange 
Commission ("SEC") rules and regulations, the Company has excluded Antolin Seating from management's evaluation of 
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017. Antolin Seating constituted approximately 4% of the 
Company's total assets as of December 31, 2017, and approximately 2% of the Company's net sales for the year then 
ended. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was 
effective as of December 31, 2017. 

(c)  Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The attestation report of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over 
financial reporting is set forth in Item 8, "Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," under the caption 
"Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting" and 
incorporated herein by reference. 

(d)  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter 
ended December 31, 2017, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal 
control over financial reporting. In April 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of Antolin Seating and is currently 
integrating Antolin Seating into its operations, compliance programs and internal control processes. As permitted by SEC 
rules and regulations, the Company has excluded Antolin Seating from management's evaluation of internal control over 
financial reporting as of December 31, 2017.  

ITEM 9B – OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

 

116   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

PART III 

ITEM 10 – DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by Item 10 regarding our directors and corporate governance matters is incorporated by reference 
herein to the Proxy Statement sections entitled "Election of Directors" and "Directors and Corporate Governance." The 
information required by Item 10 regarding our executive officers appears as a supplementary item following Item 4 under Part I 
of this Report. The information required by Item 10 regarding compliance with section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement section entitled "Directors and Corporate 
Governance — Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance." 

Code of Ethics 
We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our executive officers, including our Principal Executive Officer, our Principal 
Financial Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer. This code of ethics is entitled "Specific Provisions for Executive 
Officers" within our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which can be found on our website at http://www.lear.com. We will 
post any amendment to or waiver from the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to the executive 
officers above on the same website and will provide it to stockholders free of charge upon written request by contacting Lear 
Corporation at 21557 Telegraph Road, Southfield, Michigan 48033, Attention: Investor Relations. 

ITEM 11 – EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement sections entitled "Directors and 
Corporate Governance — Director Compensation," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Executive Compensation," 
"Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Compensation Committee Report." Notwithstanding 
anything indicating the contrary set forth in this Report, the "Compensation Committee Report" section of the Proxy Statement 
shall be deemed to be "furnished" not "filed" for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM 12 – SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 

RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Except as set forth herein, the information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement 
section entitled "Directors and Corporate Governance — Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and 
Management." 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

As of December 31, 2017 
Equity compensation plans approved by 
security holders 
Equity compensation plans not approved by 
security holders 
Total 

Number of securities to be 
issued upon exercise of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 

(a) 

 

1,771,783 (1)  $

—  
1,771,783  

$

Weighted average 
exercise price of 

outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 

(b) 

—

 

(2) 

 

 

 
—
—   

Number of securities 
available for future 
issuance under equity 
compensation plans 
(excluding securities 
reflected in column (a)) 

(c) 

2,781,604

—
2,781,604

(1)  Includes 572,213 of outstanding restricted stock units and 1,199,570 of outstanding performance shares. Outstanding 
performance shares are reflected at the maximum possible payout that may be earned during the relevant performance 
periods. 

(2)  Reflects outstanding restricted stock units and performance shares at a weighted average price of zero. 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   117

 
 

ITEM 13 – CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement sections entitled "Certain 
Relationships and Related Party Transactions" and "Directors and Corporate Governance — Independence of Directors." 

ITEM 14 – PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference herein to the Proxy Statement section entitled "Fees of 
Independent Accountants." 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 – EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

(a)  1.  Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Reports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016  
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015  
Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 

 Financial Statement Schedule: 
Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
All other financial statement schedules are omitted because such schedules are not required or the information 
required has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 

3. 

The exhibits listed on the "Index to Exhibits" on pages 119 through 121 are filed with this Form 10-K or 
incorporated by reference as set forth below. 

(b)  The exhibits listed on the "Index to Exhibits" on pages 119 through 121 are filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated by 

reference as set forth below. 

(c)  Additional Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

ITEM 16 – FORM 10-K Summary 

None. 

 

 

 

 

118   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 

 

Index to Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number   
3.1   

3.2   

4.1   

4.2   

4.3   

4.4   

4.5   

4.6   

4.7   

  Exhibit 
  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2009). 

  Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the 

Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2009). 

  Indenture, dated March 26, 2010, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 23, 2010). 

  Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 17, 2013, by and among Lear Corporation, the 

Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
January 14, 2013). 

  Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2014, by and among Lear Corporation, the 

Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 
11, 2014). 

  Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 21, 2014, among the Company, the Subsidiary 

Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 18, 2014). 
  Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 25, 2015, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors 
party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 
27, 2015). 
  Indenture, dated August 17, 2017, among the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as 
Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
August 14, 2017). 

  First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 17, 2017, among the Company and U.S. Bank National 

Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on 
Form 8-K dated August 14, 2017). 

10.1   

  Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2014, among the Company, the 

lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2014). 
10.2  *    Lear Corporation 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, amended and restated effective January 1, 
2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2013). 

10.3  *    Lear Corporation Pension Equalization Program, as amended through August 15, 2003 (incorporated 

by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
December 31, 2004). 

10.4  *    First Amendment to the Lear Corporation Pension Equalization Program, dated as of December 21, 
2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2006). 

10.5  *    Second Amendment to the Lear Corporation Pension Equalization Program, dated as of May 9, 2007 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2007). 

10.6  *    Third Amendment to the Lear Corporation Pension Equalization Program, effective as of December 
18, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K 
dated December 18, 2007). 

10.7  *    Lear Corporation Outside Directors Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective January 1, 
2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2015). 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   119

 
 

10.8  *    Lear Corporation Outside Directors Compensation Plan - Form of Cash Retainer Deferral Election, 

effective as of September 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017). 

**10.9  *    Form of Restricted Stock Unit "Career Shares" Award Agreement under the Lear Corporation 2009 

Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan. 

**10.10  *    Form of Performance Share Terms and Conditions under the Lear Corporation 2009 Long-Term Stock 

Incentive Plan. 

10.11  *    Form of 2016 Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions under the Lear Corporation 2009 Long-

Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). 

10.12  *    Form of 2016 Performance Share Terms and Conditions under the Lear Corporation 2009 Long-Term 
Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). 

**10.13  *    Lear Corporation Salaried Retirement Restoration Program (f/k/a Lear Corporation PSP Excess Plan), 

amended and restated effective December 29, 2017. 

10.14  *    Form of Restricted Stock Unit "Career Shares" Award Agreement under the Lear Corporation 2009 

Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015). 

**10.15  *    Form of 2018 Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions under the Lear Corporation 2009 Long-

Term Stock Incentive Plan. 

**10.16  *    Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2017, between the 

Company and Matthew J. Simoncini. 

10.17  *    Employment Agreement, dated March 15, 2012, between the Company and Jeffrey H. Vanneste 

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended March 31, 2012). 

10.18  *    Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 12, 2012, between the Company 

and Frank C. Orsini (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2012). 

10.19  *    Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 11, 2013, between the Company 

and Raymond E. Scott (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2013). 

10.20  *    Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 11, 2013, between the Company 

and Terrence B. Larkin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2013). 

10.21  *    Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 11, 2013, between the Company 

and Melvin L. Stephens (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2013). 

10.22   

  Letter Agreement Re: Accelerated Share Repurchase between Citibank, N.A. and Lear Corporation, 
dated April 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on 
Form 8-K dated April 25, 2013). 

10.23 
 

*    Lear Corporation Annual Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2014) (incorporated 
by reference to Appendix B to the Company’s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2014). 

* 

10.24 
 

 

10.25 

 

 

First Amendment to the Lear Corporation 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (amended and 
restated as January 1, 2014), effective as of January 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 
to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2017). 
First Amendment, dated August 20, 2015, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of 
November 14, 2014, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2015). 

 

120   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

Credit Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2017, among the Company, the foreign subsidiary borrowers 
from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, HSBC Securities (USA) 
Inc., as syndication agent, Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & 
Smith Incorporated, as co-documentation agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative 
agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated 
August 8, 2017). 

First Amendment to the Lear Corporation Annual Incentive Plan (amended and restated as of January 
1, 2014), effective February 9, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2017). 
Statement on Confidential Information, effective as of August 9, 2017 (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 
2017). 

 

 

*   

*   

*   

*   

*   

First Amendment to the Lear Corporation Outside Directors Compensation Plan, effective September 
13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
for the quarter ended September 30, 2017). 
Lear Corporation Outside Directors Compensation Plan - Form of Stock Grant Deferral Election, 
effective as of September 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017). 
Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy, amended and restated as of September 13, 2017 (incorporated 
by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2017). 
  Computation of ratios of earnings to fixed charges. 
  List of subsidiaries of the Company. 
  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
Debtors’ First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code dated 
September 18, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on 
Form 8-K dated November 5, 2009). 
 
  XBRL Instance Document. 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

 

 

Compensatory plan or arrangement. 
Filed herewith. 
Submitted electronically with the Report. 

 
 

10.26 

10.27 

10.28 

10.29 

10.30 

10.31 

**12.1   
**21.1   
**23.1   
**31.1   
**31.2   
**32.1 

 

**32.2 

 

99.1 

 
***101.INS   
***101.SCH   
***101.CAL   
***101.LAB   
***101.PRE   
***101.DEF   
 
______________________ 
* 
** 
*** 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report   121

 
 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly 
caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 6, 2018. 

Signatures 

Lear Corporation 
 
By: 
 
 

 
 
  Matthew J. Simoncini 
 

/s/ Matthew J. Simoncini 

President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the 
following persons on behalf of Lear Corporation and in the capacities indicated on February 6, 2018. 

/s/ Matthew J. Simoncini 
Matthew J. Simoncini 
President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
/s/ Jeffrey H. Vanneste 
Jeffrey H. Vanneste 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 
 
/s/ Amy A. Doyle 
Amy A. Doyle 
Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
/s/ Richard H. Bott 
Richard H. Bott 
a Director 
 
/s/ Thomas P. Capo 
Thomas P. Capo 
a Director 
 
/s/ Jonathan F. Foster 
Jonathan F. Foster 
a Director 
 

 
 
 
 

 

 

122   Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

/s/ Mary Lou Jepsen 
Mary Lou Jepsen 
a Director 
 

/s/ Kathleen A. Ligocki 
Kathleen A. Ligocki 
a Director 
 

/s/ Conrad L. Mallett, Jr. 
Conrad L. Mallett, Jr. 
a Director 
 

/s/ Donald L. Runkle 
Donald L. Runkle 
a Director 

/s/ Gregory C. Smith 
Gregory C. Smith 
a Director 

/s/ Henry D.G. Wallace 
Henry D.G. Wallace 
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and
a Director 

 
 
 
 

CONTINUING TO STRENGTHEN

T H E   L E A R   F A M I L Y

2017

The  key  acquisitions  that  we  have  made  over  the 
last six years have enhanced our product capabilities, 
strengthened  our  competitiveness,  driven  sales 
growth and improved sales diversification.

In Seating, the acquisitions of Guilford and Eagle 
Ottawa,  combined  with  our  existing  capabilities  in 
cut & sew, foam and structures, enable us to offer 
unique seat designs to our customers with the highest 
level of craftsmanship.

Grupo Antolin’s seating business also strengthened 
our market share with key customers in Europe and 
helped bring additional innovative technologies.

Our acquisitions in E-Systems have positioned Lear 
to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities 
in  that  segment.    Autonet  and  Arada  increased 
our  wireless  connectivity  capabilities  and  EXO 
Technologies  provides  us  with  industry-leading 
accuracy in vehicle positioning for autonomous and 
connected vehicle applications.

                      S E A T I N G 

 

 

 

E - S Y S T E M S

2012
to
2016

Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

123

  EFFECTIVE MARCH 1, 2018 

 

 

 

E X E C U T I V E S
Raymond E. Scott 
President and  
Chief Executive Officer 

Frank C. Orsini 
Executive Vice President 
and President, Seating

Terrence B. Larkin
Executive Vice President, Business  
Development, General Counsel  
and Corporate Secretary

Jeffrey H. Vanneste
Senior Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer

Thomas A. DiDonato
Senior Vice President, 
Human Resources

Jeneanne M. Hanley
Senior Vice President 
and President, E-Systems 

Jay K. Kunkel
Senior Vice President and
President, Asia-Pacific Operations 

Melvin L. Stephens
Senior Vice President, 
Communications, Facilities 
and Corporate & Investor Relations 

Shari L. Burgess
Vice President, Treasurer and
Chief Diversity Officer 

Amy A. Doyle
Vice President, Chief 
Accounting Officer

124 Lear Corporation 2017 Annual Report

 

B O A R D   O F 
D I R E C T O R S
Henry D.G. Wallace1
Former Chief Financial Officer, Ford Motor 
Company and former President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mazda Motor Corporation 

Richard H. Bott
Former Vice Chairman, Institutional Securities, 
Morgan Stanley & Co., Incorporated

Thomas P. Capo2  
Former Chairman, Dollar Thrifty Automotive 
Group, Inc. and former Senior Vice President 
and Treasurer, DaimlerChrysler Corporation

Jonathan F. Foster3
Managing Director, Current Capital 
Partners LLC and former Managing Director 
and Co-Head of Diversified Industrials and  
Services at Wachovia Securities

Dr. Mary Lou Jepsen
Founder, Openwater and former Executive 
Director of Engineering, Facebook, Inc. and 
Head of Display Technologies, Oculus and 
former Head of Display Division, Google, Inc.

Kathleen A. Ligocki4
Chief Executive Officer, Agility Fuel Solutions 
and former Chief Executive Officer of  
Tower Automotive

Conrad L. Mallett, Jr.
Chief Executive Officer of Detroit Medical
Center’s Sinai Grace Hospital and former 
Executive Vice President and Chief Admin-
istrative Officer, Detroit Medical Center and 
former Chief Justice of the Michigan Supreme 
Court

Donald L. Runkle
Former Executive Chairman, Ioxus, former 
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, EcoMotors International, former Vice 
Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, 
Delphi Corporation and former Vice President 
of Engineering, General Motors Company

Raymond E. Scott
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Lear Corporation

Gregory C. Smith
Principal, Greg C. Smith, LLC and former 
Vice Chairman, Ford Motor Company

1 Non-Executive Chairman of the Board 
2 Chairman – Compensation Committee
3 Chairman – Audit Committee
4   Chairman – Nominating and Corporate 
  Governance Committee 

  

E X E C U T I V E   O F F I C E S
Lear Corporation  
21557 Telegraph Road
Southfield, MI  48033-4248
Phone (248) 447-1500
Fax (248) 447-5250

S T O C K   T R A N S F E R   A G E N T   
A N D   R E G I S T R A R
Computershare Investor Services
Meidinger Tower
462 South 4th Street
Louisville, KY  40202-3466

(866) 229-8417
(Inside the United States and Canada)

(781) 575-2879
(Outside the United States and Canada)

Website: www.computershare.com

I N D E P E N D E N T   R E G I S T E R E D   
P U B L I C   A C C O U N T I N G   F I R M
Ernst & Young LLP
One Kennedy Square 
777 Woodward Avenue, Suite 1000
Detroit, MI  48226

S T O C K   D I V I D E N D   I N F O R M A T I O N
In 2011, Lear’s Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash 
dividend program on its common stock and has increased 
it each year since.  On February 14, 2018, Lear’s Board of 
Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend by 40% 
from $0.50 per share to $0.70 per share.

The  Company  expects  to  pay  quarterly  cash  dividends  in 
the future, although such payments are at the discretion of 
our Board of Directors and will depend upon our financial  
condition,  results  of  operations,  capital  requirements,  
alternative uses of capital and other factors.

I N V E S T O R   S E R V I C E S
The following information is available without charge  
to shareholders and other interested parties:
 
 
 
          Quarterly Reports filed with the  
          Securities and Exchange Commission

• Annual Report to Shareholders
• Form 10-K Annual Report and Form 10-Q  

To request these publications or if you have any  
questions about Lear, please contact Investor Relations.

S T O C K   L I S T I N G

LEA

New York Stock Exchange
Ticker Symbol: LEA 

I N V E S T O R   R E L A T I O N S
Lear Corporation
21557 Telegraph Road
Southfield, MI  48033-4248
(248) 447-5648

A N N U A L   D I V I D E N D   P E R   S H A R E

$1.00

$1.20

$2.00

$0.80

$0.68

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

S T O C K   P R I C E   I N F O R M A T I O N *

2017

HIGH

4Q
3Q
2Q
1Q

$181.46
$174.66
$153.28
$149.00

LOW

$170.27
$140.45
$132.01
$132.29

CLOSE

$176.66
$173.08
$142.08
$141.58

*Based on Lear's fiscal quarters 

This report refers to various products and companies by their trade names.  In most cases, if not all, these designations are claimed as trademarks or registered trademarks by their respective companies.

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

Corporate Headquarters 
21557 Telegraph Road 
Southfield, MI 48033-4248 USA
www.lear.com

