FORM 10-K

LENNAR CORPORATION

FORM 10-K
For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2017

Part I
Item 1.
Item 1A.
Item 1B.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.

Part II
Item 5.

Item 6.
Item 7.

Item 7A.
Item 8.
Item 9.

Item 9A.
Item 9B.

Part III
Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.

Item 13.
Item 14.

Part IV
Item 15.

Business
Risk Factors
Unresolved Staff Comments
Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosures

Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure
Controls and Procedures
Other Information

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

Signatures

Financial Statement Schedule

Certifications

1
9
20
21
21
21

22

24
25

66
68
125

125
128

128
128
128

128
128

129

132

134

135

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2017

Commission file number 1-11749

Lennar Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

95-4337490

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

700 Northwest 107th Avenue, Miami, Florida 33172
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (305) 559-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Class A Common Stock, par value 10¢
Class B Common Stock, par value 10¢

Name of each exchange on which registered

New York Stock Exchange
New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

NONE

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   YES 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   YES 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 

NO 

NO 

of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   YES 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to submit and post such files).   YES 

NO 

NO 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 

contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or 
any amendment to this Form 10-K.   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 

company. See definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any 
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)            

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  YES 
The aggregate market value of the registrant’s Class A and Class B common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (198,632,273 shares of 
Class A common stock and 9,739,513 shares of Class B common stock) as of May 31, 2017, based on the closing sale price per share as reported by the 
New York Stock Exchange on such date, was $10,595,353,196.

NO 

As of December 31, 2017, the registrant had outstanding 203,952,285 shares of Class A common stock and 36,007,774 shares of Class B 

common stock.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Related Section

III

Documents
Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A on or before March 30, 2018.

Item 1. 

Business 

Overview of Lennar Corporation

PART I

We are one of the nation’s largest homebuilders, a provider of real estate related financial services, a 

commercial real estate, investment management and finance company through our Rialto segment and a developer of 
multifamily rental properties in select U.S. markets primarily through unconsolidated entities.

Our homebuilding operations are the most substantial part of our business, comprising $11.2 billion in revenues, 
or approximately 89% of consolidated revenues, in fiscal 2017. On October 29, 2017, we entered into an agreement (the 
"Merger Agreement") pursuant to which CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (“CalAtlantic”), another of the nation’s largest 
homebuilders, will be merged with and into a subsidiary of Lennar (the "Merger"). That transaction, which is subject to 
approval by both our stockholders and CalAtlantic’s stockholders, will make us the largest homebuilder in the United 
States based on revenues.

As of November 30, 2017, our reportable homebuilding segments and Homebuilding Other had divisions 

located in:

East: Florida(1), Georgia, Maryland, New Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia
Central: Arizona, Colorado and Texas
West: California and Nevada
Other: Illinois, Minnesota, Oregon, Tennessee and Washington
(1) Florida includes information related to WCI Communities, Inc. ("WCI") from the date of acquisition (February 10, 2017) 

to November 30, 2017.

Our other reportable segments are Lennar Financial Services, Rialto and Lennar Multifamily. For financial 
information about our Homebuilding, Lennar Financial Services, Rialto and Lennar Multifamily operations, review 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is Item 7 of this Report, 
and our consolidated financial statements and the notes to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in 
Item 8 of this Report.

A Brief History of Our Company

We are a national homebuilder that operates in various states with deliveries of 29,394 new homes in 2017. Our 
company was founded as a local Miami homebuilder in 1954. We completed our initial public offering in 1971 and listed 
our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange in 1972. During the 1980s and 1990s, we entered and expanded 
operations in a number of homebuilding markets, including California, Florida and Texas, through both organic growth 
and acquisitions, such as Pacific Greystone Corporation in 1997. In 1997, we completed the spin-off of our then 
commercial real estate business, LNR Property Corporation. In 2000, we acquired U.S. Home Corporation, which 
expanded our operations into New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia, Minnesota and Colorado and strengthened our position in 
other states. From 2002 through 2005, we acquired several regional homebuilders, which brought us into new markets 
and strengthened our position in several existing markets. Through the most recent economic downturn, we strengthened 
and expanded our competitive position through strategic purchases of land at favorable prices. From 2010 through 2013, 
we expanded our homebuilding operations into the Georgia, Oregon, Washington and Tennessee markets. In 2017, we 
acquired WCI for $642.6 million in cash. WCI is a homebuilder of luxury single and multifamily homes, including a 
small percentage of luxury high-rise tower units, with operations in Florida. WCI's homes, tower units and communities 
are primarily targeted to move-up, active adult and second-home buyers. 

We are currently focused on maintaining moderate growth in community count and homes sales, reducing 

selling, general and administrative expenses by using innovative strategies to reduce customer acquisition costs, as well 
as on our soft-pivot land strategy, shortening the average time between when we acquire land and when we expect to 
begin building homes on it.

In addition to focusing on growing our core operating platforms, Lennar Homebuilding and Lennar Financial 

Services, we have also been focusing on maximizing the value of our other businesses, including Rialto, Lennar 
Multifamily and Five Point Holdings, LLC ("FivePoint") (included as one of our Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated 
entities), which is developing three very large multi-use planned developments in California.

CalAtlantic Merger

On October 29, 2017, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which CalAtlantic will be merged with and into 
a subsidiary of ours. CalAtlantic builds homes across the homebuilding spectrum, from entry level to luxury, in over 43 
metropolitan statistical areas spanning 19 states. Although CalAtlantic also provides mortgage, title and escrow services, 
for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, homebuilding revenue (consisting of home and land sales 
revenues) accounted for over 98% of CalAtlantic’s consolidated total revenue. We will issue an estimated 83.8 million 

1

shares of Class A common stock and 1.7 million shares of Class B common stock, and will make cash payments to 
CalAtlantic stockholders totaling $1.16 billion, as a result of the transaction. The transaction is subject to approval by our 
stockholders and by CalAtlantic’s stockholders at meetings scheduled to be held on February 12, 2018. As of and for the 
year ended December 31, 2017, CalAtlantic had:

14,602 home deliveries at an average sales price of $450,000

• 
•  Net new orders of 15,205 at an average sales price of $459,000
• 
•  Backlog of 6,420 homes and backlog dollar value of $3.2 billion
• 
67,961 homesites owned and controlled as of September 30, 2017

565 average active selling communities 

Homebuilding Operations

Overview

Our homebuilding operations include the construction and sale of single-family attached and detached homes as 

well as the purchase, development and sale of residential land directly and through unconsolidated entities in which we 
have investments. New home deliveries, including deliveries from unconsolidated entities, were 29,394 in fiscal 2017, 
compared to 26,563 in fiscal 2016 and 24,292 in fiscal 2015. We primarily sell single-family attached and detached 
homes in communities targeted to first-time homebuyers, move-up homebuyers, active adult homebuyers and luxury 
homebuyers (with the acquisition of WCI). The average sales price of a Lennar home varies depending on product and 
geographic location. For fiscal 2017, the average sales price, excluding deliveries from unconsolidated entities, was 
$376,000, compared to $361,000 in fiscal 2016 and $344,000 in fiscal 2015.

We operate primarily under the Lennar brand name. Our homebuilding mission is focused on the profitable 

development of residential communities. Key elements of our strategy include:

• 

Strong Operating Margins - We believe our operating leverage combined with our attractive land purchases 
position us for strong operating margins. 

•  Everything’s Included® Approach - We are focused on distinguishing our products, including through our 

• 

Everything’s Included® approach, which maximizes our purchasing power and enables us to include luxury 
features as standard items in our homes. 
Innovative Homebuilding - We are constantly innovating the homes we build to create products that better 
meet our customers' needs and desires. Our Next Gen® home, or a home within a home, provides a unique 
new home solution for multi-generational households as homebuyers often need to accommodate children 
and parents to share the cost of their mortgage and other living expenses. In fiscal 2017, we delivered 1,475 
Next Gen® homes representing an increase of 21% from the prior year and 5% of total home deliveries, 
excluding unconsolidated entities. The average sales price of the Next Gen® homes delivered in fiscal 2017 
was $508,000, which is 35% above the average sales price of total home deliveries, excluding 
unconsolidated entities. 

•  Flexible Operating Structure - Our local operating structure gives us the flexibility to make operating 

decisions based on local homebuilding conditions and customer preferences, while our centralized 
management structure provides oversight for our homebuilding operations.

•  Digital Marketing - We are increasingly advertising homes through digital channels, which is significantly 

increasing the efficiency of our marketing efforts.

Diversified Program of Property Acquisition

We generally acquire land for development and for the construction of homes that we sell to homebuyers. Land 

purchases are subject to specified underwriting criteria and are made through our diversified program of property 
acquisition, which may consist of:

•  Acquiring land directly from individual land owners/developers or homebuilders;
•  Acquiring local or regional homebuilders that own, or have options to purchase, land in strategic markets;
•  Acquiring land through option contracts, which generally enables us to control portions of properties 

owned by third parties (including land funds) and unconsolidated entities in which we have investments 
until we have determined whether to exercise the options;

•  Acquiring parcels of land through joint ventures or partnerships, which among other benefits, limits the 

amount of our capital invested in land while increasing our access to potential future homesites and 
allowing us to participate in strategic ventures;

•  Acquiring land in conjunction with Lennar Multifamily; and
•  Acquiring assets from banks and opportunity funds, often through relationships established by our Rialto 

segment.

2

At November 30, 2017, we owned 141,126 homesites and had access through option contracts to an additional 
37,527 homesites, of which 32,082 homesites were through option contracts with third parties and 5,445 homesites were 
through option contracts with unconsolidated entities in which we have investments. At November 30, 2016, we owned 
125,879 homesites and had access through option contracts to an additional 33,166 homesites, of which 26,650 
homesites were through option contracts with third parties and 6,516 homesites were through option contracts with 
unconsolidated entities in which we have investments.

Construction and Development

Through our own efforts and those of unconsolidated entities in which Lennar Homebuilding has investments, 

we are involved in all phases of planning and building in our residential communities, including land acquisition, site 
planning, preparation and improvement of land and design, construction and marketing of homes. We use independent 
subcontractors for most aspects of home construction. At November 30, 2017, we were actively building and marketing 
homes in 765 communities, including four communities being constructed by unconsolidated entities. 

We generally supervise and control the development of land and the design and building of our residential 

communities with a relatively small labor force. We hire subcontractors for site improvements and virtually all of the 
work involved in the construction of homes. Arrangements with our subcontractors generally provide that our 
subcontractors will complete specified work in accordance with price schedules and in compliance with applicable 
building codes and laws. The price schedules may be subject to change to meet changes in labor and material costs or for 
other reasons. We believe that the sources and availability of raw materials to our subcontractors are adequate for our 
current and planned levels of operation. We generally do not own heavy construction equipment. We finance 
construction and land development activities primarily with cash generated from operations and debt issuances.
For additional information about our investments in and relationships with unconsolidated entities, see 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Report.

Marketing

We offer a diversified line of homes for first-time, move-up, active adult, luxury and multi-generational 

homebuyers in a variety of locations ranging from urban infill communities to suburban golf course communities. Our 
Everything’s Included® marketing program simplifies the home buying experience by including the most desirable 
features as standard items. This marketing program enables us to differentiate our homes from those of our competitors 
by creating value through standard features and competitive pricing, while reducing construction and overhead costs 
through a simplified construction process, product standardization and volume purchasing. In addition, our advances in 
including solar powered technology and home automation in certain of the homes we sell, enhance our brand and 
improve our ability to generate traffic and sales. 

We sell our homes primarily from models that we have designed and constructed. We employ new home 
consultants who are paid salaries, commissions or both to conduct on-site sales of our homes. We also sell homes 
through independent realtors.

Most recently our marketing strategy has shifted to increase advertising through digital channels including paid 

search, display advertising, social media and e-mail marketing, all of which drive traffic to our website, 
www.lennar.com. This has allowed us to attract more qualified and knowledgeable homebuyers and has helped us reduce 
our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of home sales revenues. However, we also continue to 
advertise through more traditional media, including newspapers, radio advertisements and other local and regional 
publications and on billboards where appropriate. We tailor our marketing strategy and message based on the community 
being advertised and the customers being targeted, such as advertising our active adult communities in areas where 
prospective active adult homebuyers live or will potentially want to purchase.

Quality Service

We continually strive to improve homeowner customer satisfaction throughout the pre-sale, sale, construction, 

closing and post-closing periods. We strive to create a quality home buying experience for our customers through the 
participation of sales associates, on-site construction supervisors and customer care associates, all working in a team 
effort, which we believe leads to enhanced customer retention and referrals. The quality of our homes is substantially 
affected by the efforts of on-site management and others engaged in the construction process, by the materials we use in 
particular homes and by other similar factors.

We warrant our new homes against defective materials and workmanship for a minimum period of one year 

after the date of closing. Although we subcontract virtually all segments of construction to others and our contracts call 
for the subcontractors to repair or replace any deficient items related to their trades, we are primarily responsible to the 
homebuyers for the correction of any deficiencies.

3

Local Operating Structure and Centralized Management

We balance a local operating structure with centralized corporate level management. Our local operating 

structure consists of homebuilding divisions across the country, which are generally managed by a division president, a 
controller and personnel focused on land entitlement, acquisition and development, sales, construction, customer service 
and purchasing. This local operating structure gives our division presidents and their teams, who generally have 
significant experience in the homebuilding industry, and in most instances, in their particular markets, the flexibility to 
make local operating decisions, including land identification, entitlement and development, the management of inventory 
levels for our current sales volume, community development, home design, construction and marketing of our homes. 
We centralize at the corporate level decisions related to our overall strategy, acquisitions of land and businesses, risk 
management, financing, cash management and information systems.

Backlog

Backlog represents the number of homes under sales contracts. Homes are sold using sales contracts, which are 

generally accompanied by deposits. In some instances, purchasers are permitted to cancel sales contracts if they fail to 
qualify for financing or under certain other circumstances. We experienced a cancellation rate of 15% in 2017, compared 
to 16% and 16% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. We do not recognize revenue on homes under sales contracts until the 
sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowners. 

The backlog dollar value including unconsolidated entities at November 30, 2017 was $3.6 billion, compared to 

$2.9 billion at November 30, 2016 and $2.5 billion at November 30, 2015. We expect that substantially all homes 
currently in backlog will be delivered in fiscal year 2018.

Lennar Homebuilding Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

We create and participate in joint ventures that acquire and develop land for our homebuilding operations, for 

sale to third parties or for use in their own homebuilding operations. Through these joint ventures, we reduce the amount 
we invest in potential future homesites, thereby mitigating certain risks associated with land acquisitions, and, in some 
instances, we obtain access to land to which we could not otherwise have obtained access or could not have obtained 
access on as favorable terms. As of both November 30, 2017 and 2016, we had 38 Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated 
joint ventures in which we were participating, and our maximum recourse debt exposure related to Lennar Homebuilding 
unconsolidated joint ventures was $69.2 million and $52.4 million, respectively.

Homebuilding Ancillary Businesses

We have ancillary business activities that are related to our homebuilding business, but are not components of 

our core homebuilding operations.

FivePoint - In May 2016, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, contributed, or obtained the right to 

contribute, our investments in three strategic joint ventures which own the Newhall Ranch, Great Park Neighborhoods, 
and the San Francisco Shipyard and Candlestick Point (the "Shipyard Venture") master planned mixed-use developments 
in California previously managed by FivePoint Communities, in exchange for an investment in FivePoint, which is 
currently included within our Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities. A portion of the assets in the Shipyard 
Venture was retained by us and our Shipyard Venture partner. In May 2017, FivePoint completed its initial public 
offering ("IPO"). Concurrent with the IPO, we invested an additional $100 million in FivePoint in a private placement. 
As of November 30, 2017, we owned approximately 40% of FivePoint and the carrying amount of our investment was 
$359.2 million. 

Sunstreet - Our solar business is focused on providing homeowners through solar purchases or lease programs, 

high-efficiency solar power systems that generate much of a home's annual expected energy needs. In fiscal 2017, 
Sunstreet expanded its operations into South Carolina and reentered the Nevada market. In addition to these states, 
Sunstreet also operates in California, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, Oregon,Texas and Washington. During the 
year ended November 30, 2017, we monetized $200 million of future lease payments related to solar systems. 

Lennar Financial Services Operations

Mortgage Financing

We offer conforming conventional, FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed residential mortgage loan products and 

other home mortgage products to buyers of our homes and others through our financial services subsidiary, Eagle Home 
Mortgage, LLC, from locations in most of the states in which we have homebuilding operations, as well as some other 
states. In 2017, our financial services subsidiaries provided loans to 80% of our homebuyers who obtained mortgage 
financing in areas where we offered services. Because of the availability of mortgage loans from our financial services 
subsidiaries, as well as from independent mortgage lenders, we believe almost all credit worthy potential purchasers of 
our homes have access to financing.

4

During 2017, we originated approximately 31,600 residential mortgage loans totaling $9.0 billion, compared to 
33,500 residential mortgage loans totaling $9.3 billion during 2016. Substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we 
originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market, the majority of which are sold on a servicing 
released, non-recourse basis. After the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that 
we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties in the loan sale agreements. Several claims 
of this type have been asserted against us. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these claims will have a 
material adverse effect on our business or financial position.

We finance our mortgage loan activities with borrowings under our financial services warehouse facilities or 
from our operating funds. At November 30, 2017, Lennar Financial Services had four warehouse facilities maturing at 
various dates through fiscal 2018 with a total maximum aggregate commitment of $1.5 billion including an uncommitted 
amount of $325 million. We expect the facilities to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. We 
have a corporate risk management policy under which we hedge our interest rate risk on rate-locked loan commitments 
and loans held-for-sale to mitigate exposure to interest rate fluctuations. 

Title and Other Insurance and Closing Services

We provide title insurance and closing services to our homebuyers and others. During 2017, we provided title 

and closing services for approximately 110,000 real estate transactions, and issued approximately 314,800 title insurance 
policies through our underwriter subsidiary, North American Title Insurance Company, compared to approximately 
116,000 real estate transactions and 298,900 title insurance policies during 2016. Title and closing services by agency 
subsidiaries are provided in 35 states. Title insurance services are provided in 40 states.

We also provide our homebuyers and others with personal lines, property and casualty insurance products 

through our insurance agency subsidiary, North American Advantage Insurance Services, LLC, which operates in the 
same states as our homebuilding divisions, as well as other states. During 2017 and 2016, we issued, as agent, 
approximately 12,800 and 13,500 new homeowner policies, respectively, and renewed approximately 26,500 and 27,700 
homeowner policies, respectively.

Rialto Operations

The Rialto segment is a commercial real estate, investment management, and finance company. Rialto’s primary 

focus is to manage third-party capital and to originate commercial mortgage loans which it sells into securitizations. It 
also has invested its own capital in mortgage loans, properties and real estate related securities. 

Rialto is the sponsor of, and an investor in, the private equity vehicles listed in the table below, that invest in 

real estate related assets and make other real estate related investments:

Private Equity Vehicle

Inception Year

Commitment

Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Mezzanine Partners Fund, LP . . . . . . . .
Rialto Capital CMBS Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund III . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Credit Partnership, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2010
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

$700 million (including $75 million by Lennar)
$1.3 billion (including $100 million by Lennar)
$300 million (including $34 million by Lennar)
$119 million (including $52 million by Lennar)
$1.9 billion (including $140 million by Lennar)
$220 million (including $20 million by Lennar)

Rialto owns general partner interests in each of the funds, which entitles it to receive additional revenue through 
carried interests if the funds exceed certain performance thresholds ("carried interests"). Rialto is also entitled to receive 
advance distributions in order to cover income tax obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income to 
hypothetical carried interests in the funds ("advance distributions"). Carried interest and advance distributions are 
collectively referred to as incentive income. During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, Rialto received 
$44.2 million, $10.1 million and $20.0 million, respectively, in incentive income.

For Funds I, II and III, in order to protect investors in the Funds, we agreed that while the Funds were seeking 

investments (which no longer is the case with regard to Fund I and Fund II) we would not make investments on our 
behalf that would be suitable for the applicable Fund, unless an Advisory Committee of the Fund decides that the Fund 
should not make those particular investments, with an exception enabling us to purchase properties for use in connection 
with our homebuilding operations.

Rialto Mortgage Finance ("RMF") originates and sells into securitizations five, seven and ten year commercial 
first mortgage loans, which are secured by income producing properties. RMF also originates floating rate loans secured 
by commercial real estate properties, many of which are undergoing transition, including properties undergoing lease-up, 
sell-out and renovation or repositioning. In order to finance RMF lending activities, as of November 30, 2017, RMF had 
secured five warehouse repurchase financing agreements maturing between December 2017 and November 2018 with 

5

commitments totaling $1.2 billion, which includes $100 million for floating rate loans. Subsequent to November 30, 
2017, the warehouse repurchase financing agreements maturing in December 2017 and January 2018 had their maturity 
dates extended to December 2019 and December 2018, respectively.

Lennar Multifamily Operations

We have been actively involved, primarily through unconsolidated entities, in the development, construction 
and property management of multifamily rental properties. Our Lennar Multifamily segment focuses on developing a 
geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select U.S. markets.

During the year ended November 30, 2017, our Lennar Multifamily segment continued to grow as a leading 
developer of apartment communities across the country with interests in 53 communities with development costs of 
approximately $5.1 billion, of which 13 communities were completed and operating, 12 communities were partially 
completed and leasing, 22 communities were under construction and the remaining communities were either owned or 
under contract. As of November 30, 2017, our Lennar Multifamily segment had a pipeline of future projects totaling $4.0 
billion in assets across a number of states that will be developed primarily by unconsolidated entities. 

Our Lennar Multifamily segment had equity investments in 27 and 28 unconsolidated entities (including the 

Lennar Multifamily Venture, described below) as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. During the year ended 
November 30, 2017, unconsolidated entities in which our Lennar Multifamily segment was a participant sold seven 
operating properties resulting in gains allocable to the Lennar Multifamily segment of $96.7 million, which are included 
in Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities. During the years ended November 30, 2016 and 
2015, our Lennar Multifamily segment sold seven and two operating properties, respectively, through its unconsolidated 
entities, resulting in the segment's $91.0 million and $22.2 million share of gains, respectively, included within Lennar 
Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities.

The Lennar Multifamily Venture (the "Venture") is a long-term multifamily development investment vehicle 
involved in the development, construction and property management of class-A multifamily assets with $2.2 billion in 
equity commitments, including a $504 million co-investment commitment by us comprised of cash, undeveloped land 
and preacquisition costs. As of November 30, 2017, $1.5 billion of the $2.2 billion in equity commitments had been 
called, of which we have contributed $350.7 million representing our pro-rata portion of the called equity, resulting in a 
remaining equity commitment for us of $153.3 million.

For additional information about our investments in and relationships with unconsolidated entities, see 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Report.

Seasonality

We historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. Our 

homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second 
fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. However, periods of economic downturn in 
the industry can alter seasonal patterns.

Competition

The residential homebuilding industry is highly competitive. We compete for homebuyers in each of the market 

regions where we operate with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders, as well as with resales of existing 
homes and with the rental housing market. We compete for homebuyers on the basis of a number of interrelated factors 
including location, price, reputation, amenities, design, quality and financing. In addition to competition for homebuyers, 
we also compete with other homebuilders for desirable properties, raw materials and access to reliable, skilled labor. We 
compete for land buyers with third parties in our efforts to sell land to homebuilders and others. We believe we are 
competitive in the market regions where we operate primarily due to our:

• 

•  Everything’s Included® marketing program, which simplifies the home buying experience by including 

most desirable features as standard items;
Innovative home designs, such as our Next Gen® homes that provide both privacy and togetherness for 
multi-generational families;
Financial position, where we continue to focus on inventory management and liquidity;

• 
•  Access to land, particularly in land-constrained markets;
•  Access to distressed assets, primarily through relationships established by our Rialto segment;
• 
•  Cost efficiencies realized through our national purchasing programs and production of value-engineered 

Pricing to current market conditions through sales incentives offered to homebuyers;

homes; and

•  Quality construction and home warranty programs, which are supported by a responsive customer care 

team.

6

Our financial services operations compete with other mortgage lenders, including national, regional and local 
mortgage bankers and brokers, banks, savings and loan associations and other financial institutions, in the origination 
and sale of residential mortgage loans. Principal competitive factors include interest rates and other features of mortgage 
loan products available to the consumer. We compete with other title insurance agencies and underwriters for closing 
services and title insurance. Principal competitive factors include service and price.

The business of Rialto, and the funds it manages, of purchasing real estate related assets is highly competitive 

and fragmented. A number of entities and funds have been formed in recent years for the purpose of acquiring real estate 
related assets and it is likely that additional entities and funds will be formed for this purpose during the next several 
years. We compete in the marketplace for assets based on many factors, including purchase price, representations, 
warranties and indemnities, timeliness of purchase decisions and reputation. In marketing of real estate investment funds 
we sponsor, we compete with a large variety of asset managers, including banks and other financial institutions and real 
estate investment firms. Rialto’s RMF business competes with other commercial mortgage lenders in a competitive 
market and its profitability depends on its ability to originate commercial real estate loans and sell them into 
securitizations at attractive prices. 

Some of Rialto's competitors are substantially larger and have a lower cost of funds and greater financial, 

technical, marketing and other resources than Rialto and have access to funding sources that may not be available to 
Rialto. In addition, some of Rialto's competitors may have higher risk tolerances or make different risk assessments, than 
Rialto does, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than 
Rialto. 

We believe that the major factors distinguishing Rialto from many of its competitors is that Rialto's team is 

made up of experienced managers who engage in working out and /or adding value to real estate assets and have been 
doing that for several years. RMF's business is conducted by highly seasoned managers who have been originating and 
securitizing loans for over 26 years with long-standing relationships and can leverage Rialto’s/Lennar’s infrastructure 
facilities for a rapid market entrance as well as Rialto’s current underwriting platform. Additionally, because Rialto is a 
lender or capital provider to developers, we believe having our homebuilding team participating in the underwriting 
process provides us with a distinct advantage in our evaluation of real estate assets. We believe that our experienced team 
and the infrastructure already in place give the Rialto segment an advantage and position the segment well when 
compared to a number of its competitors. 

Our multifamily operations compete with other multifamily apartment developers and operators, including 

REITs, across the United States. In addition, our multifamily operations compete in securing capital, partners and equity, 
and in securing tenants within the large supply of already existing rental apartments. Principal competitive factors 
include location, rental price and quality, and management of the apartment buildings.

Regulation

The residential communities and multifamily apartment developments that we build are subject to a large 
variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations relating to, among other things, zoning, 
construction permits or entitlements, construction materials, density, building design and property elevation, building 
codes and handling of waste. These include laws requiring the use of construction materials that reduce the need for 
energy-consuming heating and cooling systems. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent change and often 
increase construction costs. In some instances, we must comply with laws that require commitments from us to provide 
roads and other offsite infrastructure, and may require them to be in place prior to the commencement of new 
construction. These laws and regulations are usually administered by counties and municipalities and may result in fees 
and assessments or building moratoriums. In addition, certain new development projects are subject to assessments for 
schools, parks, streets and highways and other public improvements, the costs of which can be substantial. Also, some 
states are attempting to make homebuilders responsible for violations of wage and other labor laws by their 
subcontractors.

Residential homebuilding and apartment development are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal 

statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the protection of health and the environment. These environmental 
laws include such areas as storm water and surface water management, soil, groundwater and wetlands protection, 
subsurface conditions and air quality protection and enhancement. Environmental laws and existing conditions may 
result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs and may prohibit or severely restrict 
homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. For example, a 2015 decision of the California 
Supreme Court significantly delayed the start, and increased the cost of a California master planned mixed-use 
development in which we have an indirect investment.

In recent years, several cities and counties in which we have developments have submitted to voters "slow 
growth" initiatives and other ballot measures that could impact the affordability and availability of land suitable for 
residential development within those localities. Although many of these initiatives have been defeated, we believe that if 

7

similar initiatives were approved, residential construction by us and others within certain cities or counties could be 
seriously impacted.

In order to make it possible for some of our homebuyers to obtain FHA-insured or VA-guaranteed mortgages, 

we must construct the homes they buy in compliance with regulations promulgated by those agencies. Various states 
have statutory disclosure requirements relating to the marketing and sale of new homes. These disclosure requirements 
vary widely from state-to-state. In addition, some states require that each new home be registered with the state at or 
before the time title is transferred to a buyer (e.g., the Texas Residential Construction Commission Act). In some states, 
we are required to be registered as a licensed contractor and comply with applicable rules and regulations. In various 
states, our new home consultants are required to be registered as licensed real estate agents and to adhere to the laws 
governing the practices of real estate agents.

Our mortgage and title subsidiaries must comply with applicable real estate, lending and insurance laws and 

regulations. The subsidiaries are licensed in the states in which they do business and must comply with laws and 
regulations in those states. These laws and regulations include provisions regarding capitalization, operating procedures, 
investments, lending and privacy disclosures, forms of policies and premiums. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act contains a number of requirements relating to mortgage lending and securitizations. These 
include, among others, minimum standards for lender practices, limitations on certain fees and a requirement that the 
originator of loans that are securitized retain a portion of the risk, either directly or by holding interests in the 
securitizations.

Several federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances, including, but not limited to, the Federal 

Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ("FDCPA") and the Federal Trade Commission Act and comparable state statutes, 
regulate consumer debt collection activity. Although, for a variety of reasons, we may not be specifically subject to the 
FDCPA or to some state statutes that govern debt collectors, it is our policy to comply with applicable laws in our 
collection activities. To the extent that some or all of these laws apply to our collection activities, our failure to comply 
with such laws could have a material adverse effect on us. We are also subject to regulations promulgated by the Federal 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau regarding residential mortgage loans.

Since Rialto manages real estate asset investments, mezzanine loan and commercial mortgage-backed securities 

("CMBS") funds and two entities partly owned by the FDIC, one of Rialto's entities is registered as an investment 
adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. This Act has requirements related to dealings between investment 
advisers and the entities they advise and imposes record keeping and disclosure obligations on investment advisers. Our 
RMF subsidiary must comply with laws and regulations applicable to commercial mortgage lending. Rialto or its 
subsidiaries must be licensed in states in which they make loans and must comply with laws and regulations in those 
states.

Associates

At November 30, 2017, we employed 9,111 individuals of whom 4,900 were involved in the Lennar 

Homebuilding operations, 3,414 were involved in the Lennar Financial Services operations, 335 were involved in the 
Rialto operations and 462 were involved in the Lennar Multifamily operations, compared to November 30, 2016, when 
we employed 8,335 individuals of whom 4,351 were involved in the Lennar Homebuilding operations, 3,224 were 
involved in the Lennar Financial Services operations, 365 were involved in the Rialto operations and 395 were involved 
in the Lennar Multifamily operations. We do not have collective bargaining agreements relating to any of our associates. 
However, we subcontract many phases of our homebuilding operations and some of the subcontractors we use have 
employees who are represented by labor unions.

NYSE Certification

On April 24, 2017, we submitted our Annual CEO Certification to the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") in 

accordance with NYSE's listing standards. The certification was not qualified in any respect.

8

Item 1A.  Risk Factors.

The following are what we believe to be the principal risks that could materially affect us and our businesses.

Market and Economic Risks

The homebuilding recovery has continued its progression; however, a downturn or decline in economic conditions 
could adversely affect our operations.

In fiscal 2017, we continued to experience a steadily improving housing market, and we saw increases in new 
sales contracts signed and homes delivered compared with the prior year. However, demand for new homes is sensitive 
to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the 
availability of financing and interest rate levels. The prior economic downturn severely affected both the numbers of 
homes we could sell and the prices for which we could sell them. We cannot predict whether the recovery in the housing 
market will continue. If the recovery were to slow or stop, or there were another economic downturn, the resulting 
decline in demand for new homes would negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.

During the prior economic downturn, we had to take significant write-downs on the carrying values of land we owned 
and of option values. A future decline in land values could result in similar write-downs.

Inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding business. There are risks inherent in controlling, owning 

and developing land and if housing demand declines, we may own land or homesites we acquired at costs we will not be 
able to recover fully, or on which we cannot build and sell homes profitably. This is particularly true when entitled land 
becomes increasingly scarce, as it has recently, and the cost of purchasing such land may be relatively high. Also, there 
can be significant fluctuations in the value of our owned undeveloped land, building lots and housing inventories related 
to changes in market conditions. As a result, our deposits for building lots controlled under option or similar contracts 
may be put at risk, we may have to sell homes or land for lower than anticipated profit margins or we may have to record 
inventory impairment charges with regard to our developed and undeveloped land and lots. When demand for homes fell 
during the most recent recession, we were required to take significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land 
inventory and we elected not to exercise many options to purchase land, even though that required us to forfeit deposits 
and write-off pre-acquisition costs. Although we have reduced our exposure to costs of that type, a certain amount of 
exposure is inherent in our homebuilding business. If market conditions were to deteriorate significantly in the future, we 
could again be required to make significant write downs with regard to our land inventory, which would decrease the 
asset values reflected on our balance sheet and adversely affect our earnings and our stockholders' equity.

Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases.

Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. In addition, significant 

inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on demand for our homes. In an 
inflationary environment, depending on homebuilding industry and other economic conditions, we may be unable to 
raise home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. Although the rate 
of inflation has been low for the last several years, we currently are experiencing increases in the prices of labor and 
materials above the general inflation rate.

Homebuilding, mortgage lending, real estate asset investing and multifamily rentals are very competitive industries, 
and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results.

Homebuilding. The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. Homebuilders compete not only for 

homebuyers, but also for desirable land, financing, raw materials, skilled management and labor resources. We compete 
in each of our markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. We also compete with sellers of 
existing homes, including foreclosed homes, and with rental housing. These competitive conditions can reduce the 
number of homes we deliver, negatively impact our selling prices, reduce our profit margins, and cause impairments in 
the value of our inventory or other assets. Competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials 
and skilled labor at acceptable prices or other terms.

Lennar Financial Services. Our Lennar Financial Services business competes with other mortgage lenders, 

including national, regional and local banks and other financial institutions. Mortgage lenders who have greater access to 
low cost funds, superior technologies or different lending criteria than we do may be able to offer more attractive 
financing to potential customers than we can.

9

Rialto. There are many firms and investment funds that compete with Rialto in trying to acquire mortgage 

portfolios and other real estate related assets. At least some of the firms with which Rialto competes, or will compete, for 
investment opportunities have a cost of funds or targeted investment returns that are lower than those of Rialto or the 
funds it manages, and therefore those firms may be able to pay more for investment opportunities than would be prudent 
for Rialto or the funds it manages. Our RMF business competes with national and regional banks as well as smaller 
community banks within the various markets in which it operates and with non-bank lenders, many of which are far 
larger than RMF or have access to lower cost funds than does RMF.

Lennar Multifamily. Our multifamily rental business competes with other multifamily apartment developers and 

operators at locations across the U.S. where we have investments in rental properties. We also compete in securing 
partners, equity capital and debt financing, and we compete for tenants with the large supply of already existing or newly 
built rental apartments, as well as with sellers of homes. These competitive conditions could negatively impact the ability 
of the ventures in which we are participating to find renters for the apartments they are building or the prices for which 
those apartments can be rented. 

Operational Risks

We may be subject to significant potential liabilities as a result of warranty and liability claims made against us.

As a homebuilder, we are subject in the ordinary course of our business to warranty and construction defect 

claims. We are also subject to claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities. We record warranty 
and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the 
qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build. We have, and many of our subcontractors have, general 
liability, property, workers compensation and other business insurance. These insurance policies are intended to protect 
us against risk of loss from claims, subject to self-insured retentions, deductibles and coverage limits. However, it is 
possible that this insurance will not be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims to which 
we are subject. Additionally, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction 
defects are currently limited and policies that can be obtained are costly and often include exclusions based upon past 
losses those insurers suffered as a result of use of defective products in homes we and many other homebuilders built. As 
a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we have in many cases had to 
waive our customary insurance requirements, which increases our and our insurers’ exposure to claims and increases the 
possibility that our insurance will not be adequate to protect us against all the costs we incur.

Products supplied to us and work done by subcontractors can expose us to risks that could adversely affect our 
business.

We rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and 

obtain building materials. Despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, 
subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials. Defective products widely used by the 
homebuilding industry can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. The cost of 
complying with our warranty obligations may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repairs from 
subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers.

We also can suffer damage to our reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if subcontractors fail to 

comply with applicable laws, including laws involving things that are not within our control. When we learn about 
possibly improper practices by subcontractors, we try to cause the subcontractors to discontinue them. However, we may 
not always be able to do that, and even when we can, it may not avoid claims against us relating to what the 
subcontractors already did.

Supply shortages and risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and 
delay deliveries.

Increased costs or shortages of skilled labor and/or lumber, framing, concrete, steel and other building materials 
could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. During 2017, we experienced increases in the prices 
of some building materials and shortages of skilled labor in some areas. We generally are unable to pass on increases in 
construction costs to customers who have already entered into purchase contracts, as those contracts generally fix the 
price of the homes at the time the contracts are signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the homes. 
Sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, particularly if pricing competition or weak 
demand restricts our ability to pass additional costs of materials and labor on to homebuyers.

10

Reduced numbers of home sales extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs.

We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. Depending on the stage of 

development a land parcel is in when we acquire it, these may include costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling 
lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on 
which we plan to build homes. If the rate at which we sell and deliver homes slows, or if we delay the opening of new 
home communities, we may incur additional pre-construction costs and it may take longer for us to recover our costs.

Increased demand for homes could require us to increase our corporate credit line, and our inability to do that could 
limit our ability to take full advantage of market opportunities.

Our business requires that we be able to finance the development of our residential communities. One of the 
ways we do this is with bank borrowings. At November 30, 2017, we had a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility with a 
group of banks (the "Credit Facility"), which includes a $403 million accordion feature, subject in part to additional 
commitments. If market conditions strengthen to the point that we need additional funding but we are not able to increase 
our Credit Facility or obtain funds from other types of financings, that could prevent us from taking full advantage of the 
enhanced market opportunities.

Failure to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by our credit facilities could restrict future borrowing or 
cause our debt to become immediately due and payable.

The agreement governing our Credit Facility (the "Credit Agreement") makes it a default if we fail to pay 

principal or interest when it is due (subject in some instances to grace periods) or to comply with various covenants, 
including covenants regarding financial ratios. In addition, our Lennar Financial Services segment has warehouse 
facilities to finance its lending activities and our Rialto segment has warehouse facilities to finance its mortgage 
origination activities. If we default under the Credit Agreement or our warehouse facilities, the lenders will have the right 
to terminate their commitments to lend and to require immediate repayment of all outstanding borrowings. This could 
reduce our available funds at a time when we are having difficulty generating all the funds we need from our operations, 
in capital markets or otherwise, and restrict our ability to obtain financing in the future. Further, Rialto's 7.00% senior 
notes due 2018 (the "7.00% Senior Notes") contain restrictive covenants imposing operational and financial restrictions 
on our Rialto segment, including restrictions that may limit Rialto’s ability to sell assets, pay dividends or make other 
distributions, enter into transactions with affiliates or incur additional indebtedness. In addition, if we default under the 
Credit Agreement or our warehouse facilities, it could cause the amounts outstanding under our senior notes to become 
immediately due and payable, which would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition.

We have a substantial level of indebtedness, which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to 
take advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities.

As of November 30, 2017, our consolidated debt, net of debt issuance costs, and excluding amounts outstanding 

under our credit facilities, was $6.9 billion. The indentures governing our senior notes do not restrict our incurrence of 
future secured or unsecured debt, and the agreement governing our Credit Facility allows us to incur a substantial 
amount of future unsecured debt. Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to 
generate cash sufficient to pay the principal, interest or other amounts due on our indebtedness. Further, the expected 
acquisition of CalAtlantic will make us responsible for CalAtlantic debt, which was $3.8 billion as of September 30, 
2017. Our reliance on debt to help support our operations exposes us to a number of risks, including:

•  we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and homebuilding industry conditions; 
•  we may have to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing indebtedness if interest rates rise, thereby 

reducing our earnings and cash flows;

•  we may find it difficult, or may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, 

capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements that would be in our best long-term interests;

•  we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of 
principal and interest on our debt, reducing the cash flow available to fund operations and investments; 

•  we may have reduced flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses or the industries 

in which they are conducted; 

•  we may have a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry that are less leveraged; 

and

•  we may be required to sell debt or equity securities or sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable 

terms, in order to meet payment obligations. 

11

Our inability to obtain performance bonds could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

We often are required to provide surety bonds to secure our performance or obligations under construction 

contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. At November 30, 2017, we had outstanding surety bonds of 
$1.3 billion including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain 
projects of our joint ventures) and financial surety bonds. Although significant development and construction activities 
have been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are generally not released until all development and 
construction activities are completed. Our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, 
financial condition, past performance and similar factors, the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices 
of surety bond issuers. The ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies 
to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. If we are unable to obtain surety bonds when 
required, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

Our Lennar Financial Services segment and RMF have warehouse facilities that mature between 2018 and 2019, and 
if we cannot renew or replace these facilities, we may have to reduce our mortgage lending and origination activities.

Our Lennar Financial Services segment has committed and uncommitted amounts under four warehouse 

repurchase credit facilities that totaled $1.5 billion as of November 30, 2017, all of which will mature between December 
2017 and December 2018. Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase credit facility due December 
2017 was extended to December 2018. Our Lennar Financial Services segment uses these facilities to finance its 
mortgage lending activities until the mortgage loans it originates are sold to investors. In addition, RMF, the commercial 
mortgage lender in our Rialto segment, has committed amounts under five warehouse repurchase credit facilities that 
totaled $1.2 billion as of November 30, 2017, all of which will mature between December 2017 and November 2018. 
Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse credit facilities due December 2017 and January 2018 were extended 
to December 2019 and December 2018, respectively. RMF uses these facilities primarily to finance its mortgage 
origination activities. We expect these facilities to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. If we 
were unable to renew or replace these facilities on favorable terms or at all when they mature, that could seriously 
impede the activities of our Lennar Financial Services segment and RMF, as applicable, which would have a material 
adverse impact on our financial results.

We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures with independent third parties and we can be adversely 
impacted by our joint venture partners' failures to fulfill their obligations or decisions to act contrary to our wishes.

In our Homebuilding and Lennar Multifamily segments, we participate in joint ventures in order to help us 

acquire attractive land positions, to manage our risk profile and to leverage our capital base. In certain circumstances, 
joint venture participants, including us, are required to provide guarantees of obligations relating to the joint ventures, 
such as completion and environmental guarantees. If a joint venture partner does not perform its obligations, we may be 
required to bear more than our proportional share of the cost of fulfilling them. For example, in connection with our 
Lennar Multifamily business, and its joint ventures, we and the other venture participants have guaranteed certain 
obligations to complete construction of multifamily residential buildings at agreed upon costs, which could make us and 
the other venture participants responsible for cost over-runs. Although all the participants in a venture are normally 
responsible for sharing the costs of fulfilling obligations of that type, if some of the venture participants are unable or 
unwilling to meet their share of the obligations, we may be held responsible for some or all of the defaulted payments. In 
addition, because we do not have a controlling interest in most of the joint ventures in which we participate, we may not 
be able to cause joint ventures to sell assets, return invested capital or take other actions when such actions might be in 
our best interest. 

Several of the joint ventures in which we participate will in the relatively near future be required to repay, 
refinance, renegotiate or extend their borrowings. If any of those joint ventures are unable to do this, we could be 
required to provide at least a portion of the funds the joint ventures need to be able to repay the borrowings and to 
conduct the activities for which they were formed, which could adversely affect our financial position.

The loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our operating employees 
could negatively affect our business.

Our success depends to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation of our senior 

management, many of whom have been with the Company for a significant number of years. If we were to lose members 
of our senior management, we might not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our operations 
could be negatively affected. Also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees and our inability to hire 
qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

12

Our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our credit 
ratings.

Our corporate credit rating and ratings of our senior notes affect, among other things, our ability to access new 

capital, especially debt, and the costs of that new capital. A substantial portion of our access to capital is through the 
issuance of senior notes, of which we have more than $6.0 billion outstanding, net of debt issuance costs, and excluding 
Rialto's 7.00% Senior Notes, as of November 30, 2017. Further, the expected acquisition of CalAtlantic will make us 
responsible for CalAtlantic debt, which was $3.8 billion as of September 30, 2017. Among other things, we rely on 
proceeds of debt issuances to pay the principal of existing senior notes when they mature. Negative changes in the 
ratings of our senior notes could make it difficult for us to sell senior notes in the future and could result in more 
stringent covenants and higher interest rates with regard to new senior notes we issue.

We will have to replace a substantial amount of debt in fiscal year 2018.

We have a substantial amount of debt that matures in fiscal year 2018. We have $250 million of senior notes 

 
that mature in June 2018 and we will have to replace or renew a total of $2.6 billion of warehouse lines used by Lennar 
Financial Services and RMF as they mature. In addition, assuming we complete the acquisition of CalAtlantic, based on 
balances as of September 30, 2017, CalAtlantic will have to offer to repurchase $258 million of convertible senior notes 
that otherwise will mature in 2019. CalAtlantic also has $575 million of senior notes and $223 million of convertible 
senior notes as of September 30, 2017 that mature in May 2018 (although the convertible senior notes are likely to be 
converted before they mature). Additionally, we will have to replace a $750 million revolving credit facility currently 
maintained by CalAtlantic. We (including CalAtlantic) might have to raise as much as an additional $1.9 billion by 
December 2018 to replace the senior notes that will become due on or before that date. In January 2018, we commenced 
offers to exchange any and all of the outstanding $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes of CalAtlantic 
for up to the same aggregate principal amount of new notes issued by Lennar. This includes the notes due in 2018. The 
new Lennar notes will have the same maturities as the CalAtlantic notes for which they are exchanged, and therefore will 
not change the maturities of debt that will have to be repaid.

Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries and increase costs of new homes in affected 
areas, which could harm our sales and results of operations.

Many of our homebuilding operations are conducted in areas that are subject to natural disasters, including 
hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires and severe weather. The occurrence of natural disasters or severe 
weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and lead to shortages of labor 
and materials in areas affected by the disasters, and can negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. If 
our insurance does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our results of operations 
could be adversely affected. In the third and fourth quarters of 2017, our homebuilding operation was disrupted due to 
impacts from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which caused delays of 550 home deliveries that were pushed into fiscal 
2018.

If our homebuyers are not able to obtain suitable financing, that would reduce demand for our homes and our home 
sales revenues.

Most purchasers of our homes obtain mortgage loans to finance a substantial portion of the purchase price of the 

homes they purchase. While the majority of our homebuyers obtain their mortgage financing from Lennar Financial 
Services, others obtain mortgage financing from banks and other independent lenders. The uncertainties in the mortgage 
markets and increased government regulation could adversely affect the ability of potential homebuyers to obtain 
financing for home purchases, thus preventing them from purchasing our homes. Among other things, changes made by 
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and FHA/VA to sponsored mortgage programs, as well as changes made by private mortgage 
insurance companies, have reduced the ability of many potential homebuyers to qualify for mortgages. Principal among 
these are higher income requirements, larger required down payments, increased reserves and higher required credit 
scores. In addition, there has been uncertainty regarding the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, including proposals 
that they reduce or terminate their role as the principal sources of liquidity in the secondary market for mortgage loans. It 
is not clear how, if Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were to curtail their secondary market mortgage loan purchases, the 
liquidity they provide would be replaced. There is a substantial possibility that substituting an alternate source of 
liquidity would increase mortgage interest rates, which would increase the buyers' effective costs of paying for the homes 
we sell, and therefore could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations.

Our Lennar Financial Services segment can be adversely affected by reduced demand for our homes or by a 
slowdown in mortgage refinancings.

Approximately 61% of the mortgage loans made by our Lennar Financial Services segment in 2017 were made 
to buyers of homes we built. Therefore, a decrease in the demand for our homes would adversely affect the revenues of 
this segment of our business. In addition, the revenues of our Lennar Financial Services segment would be adversely 
affected by a continued decrease in refinance transactions, if mortgage interest rates continue to rise. 

13

If our ability to sell mortgages into the secondary market is impaired, that could significantly reduce our ability to sell 
homes unless we are willing to become a long-term investor in loans we originate.

Substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary 

mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. If we became unable to sell loans into the secondary 
mortgage market or directly to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, we would have to either curtail our origination of 
residential mortgage loans, which among other things, could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or commit our 
own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which, in addition to requiring us to deploy substantial amounts 
of our own funds, could delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations.
We may be liable for certain limited representations and warranties we make in connection with sale of loans.

While substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate are sold within a short period in the 
secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis, we remain responsible for certain limited 
representations and warranties we make in connection with such sales. Mortgage investors currently are seeking to have 
us buy back mortgage loans or compensate them for losses incurred on mortgage loans that we have sold based on claims 
that we breached our limited representations or warranties. In addition, when our Rialto segment sells loans to 
securitization trusts or other purchasers, it gives limited industry standard representations and warranties about the loans, 
which, if incorrect, may require it to repurchase the loans, replace them with substitute loans or indemnify persons for 
losses or expenses incurred as a result of breaches of representations and warranties. If we have significant liabilities 
with respect to such claims, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, and possibly our financial 
condition.

If real estate Rialto acquires through foreclosures is not properly valued when it is acquired, we could be required to 
take valuation charge-offs, which would reduce our earnings.

When a loan is foreclosed upon and we take title to the property, we obtain a valuation of the property and base 

its book value on that valuation. The book value of the foreclosed property is periodically compared to its updated 
market value (or its updated market value less estimated selling costs if the foreclosed property is classified as held-for-
sale), and a charge-off is recorded for any excess of the property's book value over its fair value. If the revised valuation 
we establish for a property proves to be too high, we may have to record additional charge-offs in subsequent periods. 
Material charge-offs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, and possibly even on our financial 
condition.

Regulatory Risks

We may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory changes. 

We are subject with regard to almost all of our activities to a variety of federal, state and local laws and 
regulations. Laws and regulations, and policies under or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, change 
frequently. Our businesses could be adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations, policies or interpretations or by 
our inability to comply with them without making significant changes in our businesses.

We may be adversely impacted by laws and regulations directed at the financial industry.

New or modified regulations and related regulatory guidance focused on the financial industry may have 
adverse effects on aspects of our businesses. For example, in October 2014, final rules were promulgated under the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act that require mortgage lenders or third-party B-piece buyers to retain a portion of the 
credit risk related to securitized loans. We have determined that the rules do not affect our residential mortgage lending 
operations at this time; however, the rules may adversely impact our RMF subsidiary’s commercial mortgage lending 
operations. The rules have been in effect for over a year; however, their long term impact is still undetermined. If, in the 
future, the rules cause a decrease the price of CMBS and/or a decrease in the overall volume of CMBS related loan 
purchases in the industry, this could negatively impact the financial results of our RMF business. In addition, if our 
residential mortgage lending operations became subject to these rules in the future, that would substantially increase the 
amount we would have to invest in our mortgage lending operations and increase our risks with regard to loans we 
originate and sell in the secondary mortgage market.

14

Governmental regulations regarding land use and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the 
availability of our development and homebuilding projects and adversely affect our business or financial results.

We are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the land development, homebuilding 

and apartment development process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses, levels of 
density, building design, elevation of properties, water and waste disposal and use of open spaces. These regulations 
often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to 
development or construction being approved, if they are approved at all. We are also subject to determinations by 
governmental authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads and other local services with regard to 
particular residential communities. New housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, 
parks, streets and other public improvements. In addition, in many markets government authorities have implemented no 
growth or growth control initiatives. Any of these can limit, delay, or increase the costs of land development or home 
construction.

We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of the 

environment. In some of the markets where we operate, we are required by law to pay environmental impact fees, use 
energy-saving construction materials and give commitments to municipalities to provide infrastructure such as roads and 
sewage systems. We generally are required to obtain permits, entitlements and approvals from local authorities to 
commence and carry out residential development or home construction. These permits, entitlements and approvals may, 
from time-to-time, be opposed or challenged by local governments, environmental advocacy groups, neighboring 
property owners or other possibly interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process. 
Violations of environmental laws and regulations can result in injunctions, civil penalties, remediation expenses, and 
other costs. In addition, some environmental laws impose strict liability, which means that we may be held liable for 
unlawful environmental conditions on property we own which we did not create. 

We are also subject to laws and regulations related to workers' health and safety, and there are efforts to subject 
homebuilders like us to other labor related laws or rules, some of which may make us responsible for things done by our 
subcontractors over which we have little or no control. In addition, our residential mortgage subsidiary is subject to 
various state and federal statutes, rules and regulations, including those that relate to lending operations and other areas 
of mortgage origination and loan servicing. The impact of those statutes, rules and regulations can increase our 
homebuyers’ costs of financing, and our cost of doing business, as well as restricting our homebuyers’ access to some 
types of loans.

Our obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, and our need to ensure that our 
associates, subcontractors and other agents comply with these laws and regulations, could result in delays in construction 
and land development, cause us to incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict land development and homebuilding 
activity in certain areas in which we operate. Budget reductions by state and local governmental agencies may increase 
the time it takes to obtain required approvals and therefore may aggravate the delays we could encounter. Government 
agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our businesses that can 
be significant.

We can be injured by improper acts of persons over whom we do not have control.

Although we expect all of our associates (i.e., employees), officers and directors to comply at all times with all 

applicable laws, rules and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do 
business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or governmental guidelines. When we 
learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, including practices relating to homes, buildings 
or multifamily rental properties we build or finance, we move actively to stop the non-complying practices as soon as 
possible and we have taken disciplinary action with regard to associates of ours who were aware of non-complying 
practices and did not take steps to address them, including in some instances terminating their employment. However, 
regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, we can 
in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due to the 
practices' having taken place.

15

We could be hurt by efforts to impose liabilities or obligations on persons with regard to labor law violations by other 
persons whose employees perform contracted services.

The homes we sell are built by employees of subcontractors and other contract parties. We do not have the 
ability to control what these contract parties pay their employees or the work rules they impose on their employees. 
However, various governmental agencies are trying to hold contract parties like us responsible for violations of wage and 
hour laws and other work related laws by firms whose employees are performing contracted for services. A recent 
National Labor Relations Board ruling held that for labor law purposes a firm could under some circumstances be 
responsible as a joint employer of its contractors' employees. That ruling has been withdrawn. If it had not been 
withdrawn and had been upheld on appeal, it could have made us responsible for collective bargaining obligations of, 
and labor law violations by our subcontractors. Governmental rulings that make us responsible for labor practices by our 
subcontractors could create substantial exposures for us in situations that are not within our control.

Our ability to collect upon mortgage loans may be limited by the application of state laws.

Our mortgage loans typically permit us to accelerate the debt upon default by the borrower. The courts of all 

states will enforce acceleration clauses in the event of a material payment default, subject in some cases to a right of the 
court to revoke the acceleration and reinstate the mortgage loan if a payment default is cured. The equity courts of a 
state, however, may refuse to allow the foreclosure of a mortgage or to permit the acceleration of the indebtedness in 
instances in which they decide that the exercise of those remedies would be inequitable or unjust or the circumstances 
would render an acceleration unconscionable. 

Further, the ability to collect upon mortgage loans may be limited by the application of state and federal laws. 
For example, Nevada has enacted a law providing that if the amount an assignee of a mortgage note paid to acquire the 
note is less than the face amount of the note, the assignee cannot recover more through a deficiency action than the 
amount it paid for the note. If the Nevada law is upheld, or similar laws are enacted in other jurisdictions, it could 
materially and adversely affect our ability and the ability of funds we manage to profit from purchases of distressed debt.

Other Risks

Our results of operations could be adversely affected if legal claims against us are not resolved in our favor.

In the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to legal claims by homebuyers, borrowers against whom 
we have instituted foreclosure proceedings, persons with whom we have land purchase contracts and a variety of other 
persons. We establish reserves against legal claims and we believe that, in general, legal claims will not have a material 
adverse effect on our business or financial condition. However, if the amounts we are required to pay as a result of 
claims against us substantially exceed the sums anticipated by our reserves, the need to pay those amounts could have a 
material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods when we are required to make the payments. During 
fiscal 2017, we were required to make a significant payment, and make a significant charge against earnings, as a result 
of a litigation against us in a contract suit.
Information technology failures and data security breaches could harm our business.

We rely extensively on information technology ("IT") systems, including Internet sites, data hosting facilities 

and other hardware and software platforms, some of which are hosted by third parties, to assist in conducting our 
businesses. Our IT systems, like those of most companies, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, including, but 
not limited to, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, hackers, and other security issues. Moreover, our computer 
systems, like those of most companies, are subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, and to cyber or 
phishing-attacks. Although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other actions to 
minimize the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, computer intrusion efforts are becoming 
increasingly sophisticated, and even the enhanced controls we have installed might be breached. If our IT systems cease 
to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations. If our cyber-security is breached, unauthorized 
persons may gain access to proprietary or confidential information, including information about purchasers of our homes 
or borrowers from our mortgage lending subsidiaries. This could damage our reputation, expose us to claims, and require 
us to incur significant costs to repair or restore the security of our computer systems.

16

Increases in the rate of cancellations of home sale agreements could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our homebuyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. We 

have received a deposit from our home buyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to 
retain the deposit if the homebuyer does not complete the purchase. In some cases, however, a homebuyer may cancel 
the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local laws, the 
homebuyer’s inability to obtain mortgage financing, his or her inability to sell his or her current home or our inability to 
complete and deliver the home within the specified time. If there is a downturn in the housing market, or if mortgage 
financing becomes even less available than it currently is, more homebuyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, 
which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices, in 
accordance with our land investment criteria.

There is strong competition among homebuilders for land that is suitable for residential development. The 

future availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land that meet our internal criteria 
depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other 
homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and 
other regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we could build 
and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact 
our results of operations. Our expected acquisition of CalAtlantic will substantially increase our supply of land that is 
suitable for residential development, but it will also substantially increase the rate at which we are building homes.

Expansion of our services and investments into international markets through our Rialto segment subjects us to risks 
inherent in international operations.

Fund II, of which our Rialto segment owns an interest and for which it performs asset management services, 

owns an interest in a joint venture which holds real estate assets in Spain. Expansion of our services and investments in 
Spain and any expansion into other international markets in the future, could result in operational problems not typically 
experienced in the United States. Our activities outside the United States are subject to risks associated with doing 
business internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the implementation of currency controls, 
material changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions, differences in the legal and 
regulatory systems, reputational risks and cultural differences which may lead to competitive disadvantages, particularly 
due to our need to comply with U.S. anti-corruption laws. There also are tax consequences of doing business outside the 
U.S., both under U.S. tax laws and under the tax laws of the countries in which we do business.

We could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if we are unable to utilize our net operating loss 
("NOL") carryforwards.

At November 30, 2017, we had state tax NOL carryforwards totaling $66.2 million that will expire between 
2018 and 2036. At November 30, 2017, we had a valuation allowance of $6.4 million, primarily related to state NOL 
carryforwards that are not more likely than not to be utilized due to an inability to carry back these losses in most states 
and short carryforward periods that exist in certain states. If we are unable to use our NOLs, we may have to record 
charges or reduce our deferred tax assets, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

There have been substantial changes to the Internal Revenue Code, some of which could have an adverse effect on 
our business.

On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which contains substantial 
changes to the Internal Revenue Code, effective January 1, 2018, some of which could have an adverse effect on our 
business. Among the possible changes that could make purchasing homes less attractive are (i) limitations on the ability 
of our homebuyers to deduct property taxes, (ii) limitations on the ability of our homebuyers to deduct mortgage interest, 
and (iii) limitations on the ability of our homebuyers to deduct state and local income taxes. Although the rate at which 
we pay federal income tax will be reduced, this will require us to write down our deferred tax assets by approximately 
$70 million, which will negatively impact our results of operations in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. Lastly, the new 
law eliminates the ability to carry back any future NOLs and only allows for carryforwards, the utilization of which is 
limited to 80% of taxable income in a given carryforward year. This could affect the timing of our ability to utilize net 
operating losses in the future.

17

We experience variability in our operating results on a quarterly basis and, as a result, our historical performance 
may not be a meaningful indicator of future results.

We historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. As a 

result of such variability, our short-term performance may not be a meaningful indicator of future results. Our 
homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second 
fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. Our quarterly results of operations may 
continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including, among others, seasonal home buying 
patterns, the timing of home closings and land sales and weather-related problems.

We have a stockholder who can exercise significant influence over matters that are brought to a vote of our 
stockholders.

Stuart Miller, our Chief Executive Officer and a Director, has voting control, through personal holdings and 

holdings by family-owned entities, of Class B, and to a lesser extent Class A, common stock that enables Mr. Miller to 
cast approximately 39.0% of the votes that can be cast by the holders of all our outstanding Class A and Class B common 
stock combined. This percentage will be reduced to 33.1% by the issuance of shares in connection with the expected 
merger with CalAtlantic, but even that reduced percentage probably gives Mr. Miller the power to control the election of 
our directors and the approval of matters that are presented to our stockholders. Mr. Miller's voting power might 
discourage someone from seeking to acquire us or from making a significant equity investment in us, even if we needed 
the investment to meet our obligations or to operate our business. Also, because of his voting power, Mr. Miller could be 
able to cause our stockholders to approve actions that are contrary to our other stockholders' desires.

The trading price of our Class B common stock normally is lower than that of our Class A common stock.

The only significant difference between our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock is that the 

Class B common stock entitles the holders to ten votes per share, while the Class A common stock entitles holders to 
only one vote per share. However, the trading price of the Class B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange 
("NYSE") normally is substantially lower than the NYSE trading price of our Class A common stock. We believe this is 
because only a relatively small number of shares of Class B common stock are available for trading, which reduces the 
liquidity of the market for our Class B common stock to a point where many investors are reluctant to invest in it. The 
limited liquidity could make it difficult for a holder of even a relatively small number of shares of our Class B common 
stock to dispose of the stock without materially reducing the trading price of the Class B common stock.

Changes in global or regional environmental conditions and governmental actions in response to such changes may 
adversely affect us by increasing the costs of or restricting our planned or future growth activities.

There is growing concern from many members of the scientific community and the general public that an 

increase in global average temperatures due to emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, or 
will cause, significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters. 
Government mandates, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or projected climate 
change impacts have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in restrictions on land development in certain areas and 
increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, or cause us to incur compliance expenses that we will be unable 
fully to recover, which could reduce our housing gross profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations.

Risks relating to the Merger of CalAtlantic

Lennar has never done an acquisition as large as the expected merger with CalAtlantic

Although Lennar has acquired a number of homebuilders through the years, and as recently as February 2017 it 

completed the acquisition of WCI, a New York Stock Exchange listed homebuilder, Lennar has never acquired a 
homebuilder, or any other type of company, as large as CalAtlantic. It is possible that techniques Lennar has used in the 
past to integrate operations of acquired companies and to realize cost savings and other operating and administrative 
benefits with regard to them, will not be as effective with regard to CalAtlantic as they were with regard to smaller 
companies. 

The Merger is subject to closing conditions and may not be completed on a timely basis, or at all.  Failure to complete 
the combination could have a significant adverse effect on us.

Completion of the Merger that will make CalAtlantic a wholly owned subsidiary of ours is subject to a number 
of conditions, including (i) the approval by our stockholders of the issuance of our Class A and Class B common stock as 
part of the Merger consideration, and (ii) approval by the CalAtlantic stockholders of a proposal to adopt the Merger 
Agreement. This makes the timing of completion of the Merger, or whether it will be completed at all, uncertain. Either 
we or CalAtlantic can terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated by May 31, 2018 (which can 
be extended under some circumstances to August 31, 2018). In addition, either the CalAtlantic board of directors or our 
board of directors can withdraw its recommendation that stockholders vote in favor of the Merger if it determines that, 

18

because of an intervening event, failure to do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations, and CalAtlantic can 
in any event terminate the Merger Agreement in order to accept what its board determines to be a superior proposal that 
we do not at least match. If our board withdraws or negatively modifies its recommendation, CalAtlantic can terminate 
the Merger Agreement, in which case we would be required to pay CalAtlantic a termination fee of $178.7 million. In 
addition, if our stockholders fail to give the required stockholder approval or approvals, we will be required to reimburse 
CalAtlantic for its costs related to the Merger up to $30 million. Although we would be entitled to a $178.7 million 
termination fee if CalAtlantic’s Board withdraws or negatively modifies its recommendation or reimbursement of costs 
up to $30 million if CalAtlantic’s stockholders fail to give the required stockholder approvals, our loss of anticipated 
benefits deriving from the Merger is likely to be far greater than the termination fee or expense reimbursement we may 
receive.

If the Merger is not completed by August 31, 2018, we will be required to redeem $1.2 billion of senior notes we sold 
in November 2017.

In November 2017, we sold a total of $1.2 billion of senior notes to raise funds with which, among other things, 

to pay the more than $1.16 billion that CalAtlantic stockholders will receive as Merger consideration. If (x) 
consummation of the CalAtlantic Merger does not occur on or before August 31, 2018, or (y) prior to August 31, 2018 
we notify the trustee for the noteholders that we will not pursue consummation of the Merger, we will be required to 
redeem all the outstanding senior notes for 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.

We may not realize the expected benefits of the Merger because of integration difficulties and other challenges.  
The success of the CalAtlantic Merger will depend in large part on our successfully integrating its and our 
personnel, operations, strategies, technologies and other components of the two companies’ businesses following the 
completion of the CalAtlantic merger. We may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the Merger if the 
integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected.  In any event, we anticipate that the 
overall integration of CalAtlantic  will be a time consuming and expensive process that, without proper planning and 
effective and timely implementation, could significantly disrupt our business. 

Any delay in completing the Merger may reduce the benefits from the Merger.    

The CalAtlantic merger is subject to a number of conditions that may prevent or delay its completion.  A delay 

in completing the Merger would delay the time when we would begin to realize the benefits of the synergies that we 
expect the Merger to produce.  

The Merger will significantly increase the ratio of our homebuilding debt to our total capital net of cash.  

We will incur or become subject to a substantial amount of additional debt as a result of the Merger. We have 

sold $1.2 billion of debt securities primarily to finance the more than $1.16 billion we will pay to CalAtlantic 
stockholders who exercise (or are deemed to exercise) an option to elect to receive cash instead of our stock as a result of 
the Merger. In addition, the surviving corporation, which will be our wholly owned subsidiary, will become subject to 
CalAtlantic’s debt, which at September 30, 2017 totaled $3.8 billion. We estimate that the Merger will increase the ratio 
of our consolidated homebuilding debt to total capital, net of cash, from its November 30, 2017 level of 34.4% to a pro 
forma level of 45.5%. We anticipate being able to reduce the ratio to its pre-merger level by the end of fiscal 2019. 
However, to the extent cash flows of the combined companies are less than anticipated, we may not be able to reduce the 
ratio of our consolidated homebuilding debt to total capital, net of cash, to its pre-merger level until well after the end of 
fiscal 2019, if we are ever able to do that.  

The Merger will add a substantial amount of goodwill to our balance sheet.  

Since the price we will be deemed to have paid for the net assets of CalAtlantic for accounting purposes will 
depend on the value of our Class A and Class B common stock when the Merger takes place, and neither those stock 
prices nor the value of the CalAtlantic assets we will acquire in the CalAtlantic Merger will be known until the Merger 
takes place, we will not know until after the Merger takes place the amount by which for accounting purposes we are 
deemed to pay will exceed the net value of the assets we receive and the liabilities our subsidiary assumes in the Merger 
(i.e., the portion of the deemed purchase price that will be treated as goodwill). However, we estimate that if the value of 
our Class A common stock at the time of the Merger is $62.36 per share and the value of our Class B common stock at 
the time of the Merger is $49.47 per share, the respective closing prices of those shares on December 18, 2017, the 
Merger would result in our adding approximately $3.4 billion to the goodwill carried on our balance sheet. If it is 
determined in the future that the profits generated by the assets acquired in the Merger are not sufficient to justify that 
goodwill, we will have to write off some or all of it, and to charge the amount written off against our earnings.

19

The amount of the Merger consideration we agreed to pay was influenced by our assumption that we will be able to 
achieve significant cost savings as a result of the Merger.

Our willingness to agree to the equity consideration and cash consideration reflected in the Merger Agreement 
was based in substantial part on an analysis by our management which concluded, among other things, that we would be 
able to accomplish substantial annual savings in selling, general and administrative costs and in operating costs 
following the CalAtlantic Merger. Although our management was previously able to achieve its anticipated cost savings 
with regard to homebuilding activities of WCI, which we acquired in February 2017, CalAtlantic is much larger than 
WCI or any other company we have ever acquired. If we are not able to accomplish significant cost savings with regard 
to development of the CalAtlantic properties, and with regard to some of the properties or companies we already own, 
we may not be able to generate sufficient merger-related profits to justify the cost of the Merger to us. 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not applicable.

Executive Officers of Lennar Corporation

The following individuals are our executive officers as of January 24, 2018:

Position

Name
Stuart Miller . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chief Executive Officer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Richard Beckwitt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . President . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jonathan M. Jaffe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. . . . . .
Bruce Gross . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Vice President and Chief Financial Officer . . . . . .
Diane J. Bessette. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Vice President and Treasurer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mark Sustana . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Secretary and General Counsel. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
David M. Collins . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Controller . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Age
60
58
58
59
57
56
48

Mr. Miller is one of our Directors and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since 1997. Mr. Miller served 
as our President from 1997 to April 2011. Before 1997, Mr. Miller held various executive positions with us. Mr. Miller 
also serves on the Board of Directors of Five Point Holdings, LLC.

Mr. Beckwitt served as our Executive Vice President from March 2006 to 2011. Since April 2011, Mr. Beckwitt 

has served as our President. Mr. Beckwitt also serves on the Board of Directors of Eagle Materials Inc. and Five Point 
Holdings, LLC, and previously served on the Board of Directors of D.R. Horton, Inc. from 1993 to November 2003. 
From 1993 to March 2000, he held various executive officer positions at D.R. Horton, including President of the 
company.

Mr. Jaffe has served as Vice President since 1994 and has served as our Chief Operating Officer since 

December 2004. Before that time, Mr. Jaffe served as a Regional President in our Homebuilding operations. 
Additionally, prior to his appointment as Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Jaffe was one of our Directors from 1997 through 
June 2004. Mr. Jaffe serves on the Board of Directors of Five Point Holdings, LLC.

Mr. Gross has served as Vice President and our Chief Financial Officer since 1997. Before that, Mr. Gross was 

Senior Vice President, Controller and Treasurer of Pacific Greystone Corporation, which we acquired in 1997.

Ms. Bessette joined us in 1995 and served as our Controller from 1997 to 2008. Since February 2008, she has 

served as our Treasurer. She was appointed a Vice President in 2000.

Mr. Sustana has served as our Secretary and General Counsel since 2005.
Mr. Collins joined us in 1998 and has served as our Controller since February 2008.

20

Item 2. 

Properties.

We lease and maintain our executive offices in an office complex in Miami, Florida. Our homebuilding, 

financial services, Rialto and multifamily offices are located in the markets where we conduct business, primarily in 
leased space. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current and planned levels of operation.

Because of the nature of our homebuilding operations, significant amounts of property are held as inventory in 

the ordinary course of our homebuilding business. We discuss these properties in the discussion of our homebuilding 
operations in Item 1 of this Report.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

We are party to various claims and lawsuits which arise in the ordinary course of business, but we do not 
consider the volume of our claims and lawsuits unusual given the number of homes we deliver and the fact that the 
lawsuits often relate to homes delivered several years before the lawsuits are commenced. Although the specific 
allegations in the lawsuits differ, they most commonly involve claims that we failed to construct homes in particular 
communities in accordance with plans and specifications or applicable construction codes and seek reimbursement for 
sums allegedly needed to remedy the alleged deficiencies, assert contract issues or relate to personal injuries. Lawsuits of 
these types are common within the homebuilding industry. We are a plaintiff in many cases in which we seek 
contribution from our subcontractors for home repair costs. The costs incurred by us in construction defect lawsuits may 
be offset by warranty reserves, our third-party insurers, subcontractor insurers or indemnity contributions from 
subcontractors. We are also a party to various lawsuits involving purchases and sales of real property. These lawsuits 
include claims regarding representations and warranties made in connection with the transfer of the property and disputes 
regarding the obligation to purchase or sell the property. From time-to-time, we also receive notices from environmental 
agencies or other regulators regarding alleged violations of environmental or other laws. We typically settle these matters 
before they reach litigation for amounts that are not material to us. In addition, we are a defendant in several lawsuits by 
persons to which we sold pools of mortgages we originated, alleging breaches of warranties in the sale documents.

Our mortgage subsidiary has been subpoenaed by the United States Department of Justice ("DOJ") regarding 

the adequacy of certain underwriting and quality control processes related to Federal Housing Administration loans 
originated and sold in prior years. We have provided information related to these loans and our processes to the DOJ, and 
communications are ongoing. The DOJ has to date not asserted any claim for damages or penalties.

We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these claims or lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on 
our business or financial position. However, the financial effect of litigation concerning purchases and sales of property 
may depend upon the value of the subject property, which may have changed from the time the agreement for purchase 
or sale was entered into.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

21

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities.

Our Class A and Class B common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols "LEN" 

and "LEN.B," respectively. The Class A and Class B high and low stock prices have been restated for all periods 
presented to reflect the effect of the stock dividend discussed below. The following table shows the high and low sales 
prices for our Class A and Class B common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the New York Stock 
Exchange, and cash dividends declared per share:

Class A Common  Stock

High/Low Prices

Cash Dividends
Per  Class A Share

Fiscal Quarter
First . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Second. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Third . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fourth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017

$48.18 - 41.13
$52.89 - 48.27
$54.82 - 49.59
$63.15 - 48.69

2016

$51.61 - 36.52
$48.14 - 41.66
$48.77 - 42.39
$46.80 - 39.02

2017
4¢
4¢
4¢
4¢

2016
4¢
4¢
4¢
4¢

Class B Common  Stock

High/Low Prices

Cash Dividends
Per  Class B Share

Fiscal Quarter
First . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Second. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Third . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fourth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017

$38.82 - 32.74
$43.60 - 38.90
$46.52 - 41.01
$51.90 - 40.59

2016

$41.86 - 29.45
$38.53 - 33.05
$39.15 - 34.00
$37.42 - 31.46

2017
4¢
4¢
4¢
4¢

2016
4¢
4¢
4¢
4¢

As of December 31, 2017, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock was $63.24 and the last 

reported sale price of our Class B common stock was $51.68. As of December 31, 2017, there were approximately 668 
and 510 holders of record of our Class A and Class B common stock, respectively.

On January 11, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share for both our 
Class A and Class B common stock, which is payable on February 9, 2018, to holders of record at the close of business 
on January 26, 2018.

On November 27, 2017, we paid a stock dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each 50 shares of 
Class A common stock or Class B common stock to holders of record at the close of business on November 10, 2017, as 
declared by our Board of Directors on October 30, 2017. Our Board of Directors evaluates each quarter the decision 
whether to declare a dividend and the amount of the dividend.

The following table provides information about our repurchases of common stock during the three months 

ended November 30, 2017:

Total Number of

Total Number

Maximum Number of
Shares that may yet be
Purchased under the
Plans or Programs (2)
Period:
6,218,968
September 1 to September 30, 2017 . . .
6,218,968
October 1 to October 31, 2017 . . . . . . .
6,218,968
November 1 to November 30, 2017 . . .
(1)  Represents shares of Class A common stock withheld by us to cover withholding taxes due, at the election of certain holders of 

Purchased (1)
228
351
183

52.23
56.01
54.62

Shares Purchased as

Announced Plans or

Average Price Paid

Part of Publicly

Programs (2)

—
—
—

Per Share

of Shares

$
$
$

nonvested shares, with market value approximating the amount of withholding taxes due.

(2)  In June 2001, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which we were authorized to purchase up to 

20 million shares of our outstanding Class A common stock or Class B common stock. This repurchase authorization has no 
expiration date.

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is provided in Item 12 of this Report.

22

Performance Graph

The following graph compares the five-year cumulative total return of our Class A common stock with the Dow 
Jones U.S. Home Construction Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Total Market Index. The graph assumes $100 invested on 
November 30, 2012 in our Class A common stock, the Dow Jones U.S. Home Construction Index and the Dow Jones 
U.S. Total Market Index, and the reinvestment of all dividends.

2012
Lennar Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 100
Dow Jones U.S. Home Construction Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 100
Dow Jones U.S. Total Market Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 100

2013
94
104
131

2014
125
124
152

2015
136
141
155

2016
114
124
168

2017
168
222
205

23

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data.

The following table sets forth our selected consolidated financial and operating information as of or for each of 

the years ended November 30, 2013 through 2017. The information presented below is based upon our historical 
financial statements.

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
Results of Operations:

Revenues:

2017

At or for the Years Ended November 30,
2016
2014

2015

2013

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 11,200,242
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
770,109
281,243
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
394,771
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 12,646,365

9,741,337
687,255
233,966
287,441
10,949,999

Operating earnings (loss):

8,466,945
620,527
221,923
164,613
9,474,008

1,271,641
127,795
33,595
(7,171)
216,244
1,209,616
802,894
3.39

7,025,130
454,381
230,521
69,780
7,779,812

1,033,721
80,138
44,079
(10,993)
177,161
969,784
638,916
2.75

5,354,947
427,342
138,060
14,746
5,935,095

733,075
85,786
26,128
(16,988)
146,060
681,941
479,674
2.10

1,344,932
163,617
(16,692)
71,174
232,562
1,330,469
911,844
3.86

0.16

0.16

0.16

0.16

15,361,781

14,419,509

12,923,151

11,239,885

4,575,977
622,335
1,077,228
—
7,026,042
7,211,567
239,133
29.38

5,025,130
771,728
858,300
—
5,648,944
5,950,072
215,804
26.18

4,661,266
617,077
704,143
—
4,827,020
5,251,302
209,697
23.02

4,165,792
437,161
374,166
13,858
4,168,901
4,627,470
209,070
19.94

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,269,039
155,524
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(22,495)
73,432
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Corporate general and administrative expenses. $
285,889
Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,189,611
810,480
Net earnings attributable to Lennar (1) . . . . . . . $
Diluted earnings per share (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
3.38
Cash dividends declared per each - Class A and 

Class B common stock. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

0.16

Financial Position:

Total assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18,745,034
Debt:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6,410,003
625,081
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
937,431
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
—
Stockholders’ equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7,872,317
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7,986,132
239,964
Shares outstanding (000s) (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stockholders’ equity per share (2) . . . . . . . . . . . $
32.81

Lennar Homebuilding Data (including
unconsolidated entities):

29,394
Number of homes delivered. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
30,348
New orders. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8,935
Backlog of home sales contracts . . . . . . . . . . . .
Backlog dollar value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3,550,366

18,290
19,043
4,806
1,619,601
(1)  Net earnings attributable to Lennar for the year ended November 30, 2013 included $177.0 million net tax provision, which included a 

26,563
27,372
7,623
2,891,538

24,292
25,106
6,646
2,477,751

21,003
22,029
5,832
1,974,328

tax benefit of $67.1 million for a valuation allowance reversal.

(2)  As a result of the stock dividend distributed during 2017, the diluted earnings per share, shares outstanding and stockholders' equity per 

share for all periods presented were adjusted to reflect 4.7 million additional Class B shares. 

24

Item 7. 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in 

conjunction with "Selected Financial Data" and our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes 
included elsewhere in this Report.

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This annual report on Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private 

Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements concern expectations, beliefs, projections, plans and 
strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements typically include the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “consider,” “estimate,” “expect,” 
“forecast,” “intend,” “objective,” “plan,” “predict,” “projection,” “seek,” “strategy,” “target,” “will” or other words of 
similar meaning. Some of them are opinions formed based upon general observations, anecdotal evidence and industry 
experience, but that are not supported by specific investigation or analysis.

These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, 

uncertainties and assumptions. We wish to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in 
the future affect our actual results and could cause actual results to differ significantly from what is anticipated by our 
forward-looking statements. The most important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
anticipated by our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: our inability to acquire land at anticipated 
prices; increases in operating costs, including costs related to real estate taxes, construction materials, labor and 
insurance; unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings; anything that prevents the CalAtlantic transaction from taking 
place when expected; our inability to  realize the anticipated synergy benefits from the CalAtlantic transaction; our 
inability to close a one-time transaction expected to take place in the first quarter of 2018; a downturn in the market for 
residential real estate; changes in general economic and financial conditions that reduce demand for our products and 
services, lower our profit margins or reduce our  access to credit; the possibility that we will incur nonrecurring costs that 
affect earnings in one or more reporting periods; decreased demand for our Lennar Multifamily rental units or difficulty 
selling our rental properties; the possibility that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have more negative than positive impact 
on us; the possibility that the benefit from our increasing use of technology will not justify its cost; increased competition 
for home sales from other sellers of new and resale homes; negative effects of increasing mortgage interest rates; our 
inability to reduce our homebuilding debt to our total capital net of cash; a decline in the value of our land inventories 
and resulting write-downs of the carrying value of our real estate assets; the failure of the participants in various joint 
ventures to honor their commitments; difficulty obtaining land-use entitlements or construction financing; natural 
disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance does not provide adequate coverage; the inability of Rialto 
to sell mortgages it originates into securitizations on favorable terms; new laws or regulatory changes that adversely 
affect the profitability of our businesses; our inability to refinance our debt on terms that are acceptable to us; and 
changes in accounting conventions that adversely affect our reported earnings. 

Please see "Item 1A-Risk Factors" of this Annual Report for a further discussion of these and other risks and 

uncertainties which could affect our future results. We undertake no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements 
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of those statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or 
unanticipated events, except to the extent we are legally required to disclose certain matters in SEC filings or otherwise.

Outlook 

The housing market has been strong in 2017 and there continues to be a general sense of optimism in the 

market, with increased job creation across the country and wages have generally been moving higher. We believe lower 
unemployment, modest wage growth and consumer confidence should increase household formation, which drives 
families to purchase homes and to rent apartments. We believe that the generally strong, stable and improving economy, 
together with limited supply and production deficits from past years, have been and will continue to drive demand and 
pricing power in the upcoming spring selling season, even though that will be offset by land and construction cost 
increases. The recently passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has added additional momentum to the economic landscape. While 
there have been concerns about the new tax law on housing, initial readings and reviews are suggesting that it is 
generally stimulative to the economy. In addition, concerns about the reduction of the mortgage interest deduction, 
deductibility of real estate taxes and state and local taxes seem to be offset by overall optimistic momentum around 
economic stability and growth. For our typical buyer profile, we have found that the effect of the new tax law is 
generally positive at their income levels. Additionally, the doubling of the standard deduction should help a new group of 
aspiring homeowners accumulate savings for a down payment to purchase a home and create personal financial stability.

Fiscal 2017 was another excellent year for Lennar, with revenues increasing 15% from 2016. Our core 

homebuilding business continued to produce strong operating results as gross margins and operating margins were 
22.1% and 12.9%, respectively. Our home deliveries and new orders both increased 11% compared to fiscal 2016. Our 
efficient Everything’s Included® manufacturing model helped mitigate the impact of a tight labor market and our focus 

25

on strategic innovation and higher volume helped to improve our S,G&A leverage. In addition, we ended the year with a 
strong sales backlog, up 17% in homes and 23% in dollar value, which gives us a strong start for fiscal 2018.

Complementing our homebuilding business, we also had strong performances from our Financial Services and 

Multifamily rental businesses during fiscal 2017. Our Financial Services segment produced $155.5 million of pretax 
earnings compared to $163.6 million in 2016. The decrease was due to lower profitability in the segment's mortgage 
operations as a result of a decrease in refinance transactions, which led to both lower origination volume and profit per 
loan. This was partially offset by higher profit per transaction in the segment's title operations.

Our Multifamily rental business continued to grow during fiscal 2017, as it sold seven operating properties. 
With a $9.1 billion geographically diversified pipeline of multifamily product, this segment continues to grow while 
capitalizing on future development opportunities.

In fiscal 2018, our principal focus will be on the successful integration of the CalAtlantic merger, which is 

expected to close on February 12, 2018. The transaction is all about creating leadership and scale in the markets that we 
know best and with the product lines that have defined our companies for decades. With scale, we believe we can drive 
both synergies and efficiencies as we build best-of-class operating platforms in the most strategic markets in the country. 
We believe we can use technologies to innovate and improve our operations to drive down costs in our homebuilding 
operations. 

In the first quarter of 2018, we expect to close on a strategic one-time, non-core, non Rialto transaction that 

shifted from the fourth quarter of 2017. This will result in a profit that will benefit from the lower federal tax rate passed 
in December 2017.

We expect that our Company’s main driver of earnings will continue to be our homebuilding and financial 

services operations as we believe we are currently positioned to deliver between 32,000 and 32,500 homes in fiscal 2018, 
excluding the impact from the CalAtlantic merger. We are also focused on our multiple platforms including Rialto and 
Multifamily, as such ancillary businesses continue to mature and expand their franchises providing opportunities that we 
expect will enhance shareholder value. Overall, we believe we are on track to achieve another year of strong profitability 
in fiscal 2018.

26

Results of Operations

Overview

Our net earnings attributable to Lennar were $810.5 million, or $3.38 per diluted share ($3.38 per basic share) 

in 2017, $911.8 million, or $3.86 per diluted share ($4.05 per basic share) in 2016, and $802.9 million, or $3.39 per 
diluted share ($3.78 per basic share) in 2015. All earnings per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted for the 
Class B stock dividend.

The following table sets forth financial and operational information for the years indicated related to our 

operations.

Years Ended November 30,

2016

2015

(Dollars in thousands)
Lennar Homebuilding revenues:
Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 11,035,299
164,943
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
11,200,242
Total Lennar Homebuilding revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017

8,601,346
135,075
1,015,848
9,752,269
1,447,973

Lennar Homebuilding costs and expenses:
Costs of homes sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of land sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Lennar Homebuilding costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding operating margins . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated
(61,708)
entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
22,774
Lennar Homebuilding other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(140,000)
Lennar Homebuilding loss due to litigation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding operating earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,269,039
Lennar Financial Services revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
770,109
614,585
Lennar Financial Services costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
155,524
Lennar Financial Services operating earnings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
281,243
Rialto revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
247,549
Rialto costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
25,447
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . .
(81,636)
Rialto other income (expense), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto operating earnings (loss). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(22,495)
394,771
Lennar Multifamily revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
407,078
Lennar Multifamily costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
85,739
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities .
Lennar Multifamily operating earnings (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
73,432
Total operating earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,475,500
285,889
Corporate general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,189,611
Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
810,480
Gross margin as a % of revenue from home sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
S,G&A expenses as a % of revenues from home sales. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating margin as a % of revenues from home sales . . . . . . . . . . . .
Average sales price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

376,000

22.1%
9.2%
12.9%

27

9,558,517
182,820
9,741,337

7,362,853
138,111
898,917
8,399,881
1,341,456

(49,275)
52,751
—
1,344,932
687,255
523,638
163,617
233,966
229,769
18,961
(39,850)
(16,692)
287,441
301,786
85,519
71,174
1,563,031
232,562
1,330,469
911,844

8,335,904
131,041
8,466,945

6,332,850
100,939
831,050
7,264,839
1,202,106

63,373
6,162
—
1,271,641
620,527
492,732
127,795
221,923
222,875
22,293
12,254
33,595
164,613
191,302
19,518
(7,171)
1,425,860
216,244
1,209,616
802,894

23.0%
9.4%
13.6%

24.0%
10.0%
14.1%

361,000

344,000

2017 versus 2016 

Revenues from home sales increased 15% in the year ended November 30, 2017 to $11.0 billion from $9.6 
billion in 2016. Revenues were higher primarily due to an 11% increase in the number of home deliveries, excluding 
unconsolidated entities, and a 4% increase in the average sales price of homes delivered. New home deliveries, excluding 
unconsolidated entities, increased to 29,322 homes in the year ended November 30, 2017 from 26,481 homes last year. 
There was an increase in home deliveries in all of our Homebuilding segments and Homebuilding Other. The increase in 
the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over the last year and by higher 
demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. The average sales price of homes delivered, 
excluding unconsolidated entities, increased to $376,000 in the year ended November 30, 2017 from $361,000 in the 
year ended November 30, 2016, primarily due to product mix (selling at different price points) and increased pricing in 
certain of our markets due to favorable market conditions. Sales incentives offered to homebuyers were $22,700 per 
home delivered in the year ended November 30, 2017, or 5.7% as a percentage of home sales revenue, compared to 
$22,500 per home delivered in the year ended November 30, 2016, or 5.9% as a percentage of home sales revenue.

Gross margins on home sales were $2.4 billion, or 22.1%, in the year ended November 30, 2017, compared to 

$2.2 billion, or 23.0%, in the year ended November 30, 2016. Gross margin percentage on home sales decreased 
compared to the year ended November 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in construction and land costs per home, 
partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $1.0 billion in the year ended November 30, 2017, compared 

to $898.9 million in the year ended November 30, 2016. As a percentage of revenues from home sales, selling, general 
and administrative expenses improved to 9.2% in the year ended November 30, 2017, from 9.4% in the year ended 
November 30, 2016 due to improved operating leverage as a result of an increase in home deliveries.

Gross profits on land sales were $29.9 million in the year ended November 30, 2017, compared to $44.7 million 

in the year ended November 30, 2016.

Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was $61.7 million in the year ended 

November 30, 2017, compared to $49.3 million in the year ended November 30, 2016. In the year ended November 30, 
2017, Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was primarily attributable to our share of net 
operating losses from our unconsolidated entities which were primarily driven by general and administrative expenses 
and valuation adjustments related to assets of Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, partially offset by profits 
from land sales. In the year ended November 30, 2016, Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities 
was primarily attributable to our share of costs associated with the FivePoint combination as well as our share of net 
operating losses associated with the new FivePoint unconsolidated entity formed as the result of this combination. This 
was partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales 
of homesites to third parties.

Lennar Homebuilding other income, net, totaled $22.8 million in the year ended November 30, 2017, compared 
to $52.8 million in the year ended November 30, 2016. In the year ended November 30, 2016, other income, net included 
management fee income and a profit participation related to Lennar Homebuilding's strategic joint ventures and gains on 
the sale of several clubhouses.

Lennar Homebuilding loss due to litigation of $140 million in the year ended November 30, 2017, was related 
to litigation regarding a contract we entered into in 2005 to purchase property in Maryland. As a result of the litigation, 
we purchased the property for $114 million, which approximated our estimate of fair value for the property. In addition, 
we paid approximately $124 million in interest and other closing costs and have accrued for the amount we expect to pay 
as reimbursement for attorney's fees.

Lennar Homebuilding interest expense was $277.8 million in the year ended November 30, 2017 ($260.7 

million was included in costs of homes sold, $10.0 million in costs of land sold and $7.2 million in other interest 
expense), compared to $245.1 million in the year ended November 30, 2016 ($235.1 million was included in costs of 
homes sold, $5.3 million in costs of land sold and $4.6 million in other interest expense). Interest expense included in 
costs of homes sold increased primarily due to an increase in home deliveries.

Operating earnings for our Lennar Financial Services segment were $155.5 million in the year ended 

November 30, 2017, compared to $163.6 million in the year ended November 30, 2016. Operating earnings decreased 
due to lower profitability in the segment's mortgage operations as a result of a decrease in refinance transactions, which 
led to both lower origination volume and profit per loan. This was partially offset by higher profit per transaction in the 
segment's title operations and earnings from the real estate brokerage business which was acquired as part of the WCI 
acquisition in February 2017.

Operating earnings for our Rialto segment were $23.6 million in the year ended November 30, 2017 (which 

included $22.5 million of operating loss and an add back of $46.1 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling 
interests). Operating earnings in the year ended November 30, 2016 were $2.1 million (which included $16.7 million of 

28

operating loss and add back of $18.8 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests). The increase in 
operating earnings was primarily related to an increase in incentive income related to carried interest distributions from 
the Rialto real estate funds, as well as an increase in management fee income and equity in earnings from unconsolidated 
entities. This was partially offset by an increase in REO and loan impairments and general and administrative expenses. 
In addition, the year ended November 30, 2016 included a $16.0 million write-off of uncollectible receivables related to 
a hospital, which was acquired through the resolution of one of Rialto's loans from a 2010 portfolio.

Operating earnings for our Lennar Multifamily segment were $73.4 million in the year ended November 30, 

2017, compared to operating earnings of $71.2 million in the year ended November 30, 2016. The increase in 
profitability was primarily due to the segment's $96.7 million share of gains as a result of the sale of seven operating 
properties by Lennar Multifamily's unconsolidated entities, compared to the segment's $91.0 million share of gains as a 
result of the sale of seven operating properties by Lennar Multifamily's unconsolidated entities in the year ended 
November 30, 2016. 

Corporate general and administrative expenses were $285.9 million, or 2.3% as a percentage of total revenues, 
in the year ended November 30, 2017, compared to $232.6 million, or 2.1% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year 
ended November 30, 2016. The increase was primarily due to personnel and related expenses and professional expenses 
related to technology investments.

Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests were ($38.7) million and $1.2 million in the years 

ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests during the year ended 
November 30, 2017 was primarily attributable to net loss related to the FDIC's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans 
that we acquired in partnership with the FDIC in 2010. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests during the 
year ended November 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to earnings related to Lennar Homebuilding consolidated 
joint ventures, partially offset by a net loss related to the FDIC's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we 
acquired in partnership with the FDIC.

In the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, we had a tax provision of $417.9 million and $417.4 million, 

respectively. Our overall effective income tax rates were 34.02% and 31.40% for the years ended November 30, 2017 
and 2016, respectively. The increase is primarily the result of the new energy efficient home credits expiring during the 
year ended November 30, 2017, which increased our effective tax rate by 1.74%. For the years ended November 30, 
2017 and 2016, the impact of this tax credit was (0.73%) and (2.47%), respectively. 

In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted which will have a positive impact on our effective 

tax rate in 2018 and subsequent years. The tax reform bill will reduce our effective tax rate in 2018 from 34% to 
approximately 25%. Excluded from our 2018 effective tax rate is a one-time non-cash write-down of our deferred tax 
assets of approximately $70 million which will be recorded in the first quarter of 2018 as a result of our lower federal tax 
rate.

2016 versus 2015 

Revenues from home sales increased 15% in the year ended November 30, 2016 to $9.6 billion from $8.3 
billion in 2015. Revenues were higher primarily due to a 9% increase in the number of home deliveries, excluding 
unconsolidated entities, and a 5% increase in the average sales price of homes delivered. New home deliveries, 
excluding unconsolidated entities, increased to 26,481 homes in the year ended November 30, 2016 from 24,209 homes 
in 2015. There was an increase in home deliveries in all of our Homebuilding segments and Homebuilding Other. The 
increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 and by higher 
demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. The average sales price of homes delivered 
increased to $361,000 in the year ended November 30, 2016 from $344,000 in the year ended November 30, 2015, 
primarily due to product mix and increased pricing in certain of our markets due to favorable market conditions. Sales 
incentives offered to homebuyers were $22,500 per home delivered in the year ended November 30, 2016, or 5.9% as a 
percentage of home sales revenue, compared to $21,400 per home delivered in the year ended November 30, 2015, or 
5.9% as a percentage of home sales revenue.

Gross margins on home sales were $2.2 billion, or 23.0%, in the year ended November 30, 2016, compared to 

$2.0 billion, or 24.0%, in the year ended November 30, 2015. Gross margin percentage on home sales decreased 
compared to the year ended November 30, 2015 primarily due to an increase in land costs per home, partially offset by 
an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $898.9 million in the year ended November 30, 2016, 

compared to $831.1 million in the year ended November 30, 2015. As a percentage of revenues from home sales, selling, 
general and administrative expenses improved to 9.4% in the year ended November 30, 2016, from 10.0% in the year 
ended November 30, 2015 due to improved operating leverage as a result of an increase in home deliveries and benefits 
from our focus on digital marketing.

29

Gross profits on land sales were $44.7 million in the year ended November 30, 2016, compared to $30.1 million 

in the year ended November 30, 2015.

Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities was ($49.3) million in the year 

ended November 30, 2016, compared to $63.4 million in the year ended November 30, 2015. In the year ended 
November 30, 2016, Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was primarily attributable to our 
share of costs associated with the FivePoint combination and operational net losses from the new FivePoint 
unconsolidated entity, totaling $42.6 million. This was partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings from one of 
our unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties. In the year ended November 30, 2015, 
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities included $82.8 million of equity in earnings from 
one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales of homesites and a commercial property to third parties, sales of 
homesites to another joint venture in which we have a 50% investment, and a gain on debt extinguishment.

Lennar Homebuilding other income, net, totaled $52.8 million in the year ended November 30, 2016, compared 
to $6.2 million in the year ended November 30, 2015. In the year ended November 30, 2016, other income, net, included 
management fee income and a profit participation related to Lennar Homebuilding's strategic joint ventures and gains on 
the sale of several clubhouses. In the year ended November 30, 2015, other income, net included $10.2 million aggregate 
gains on sales of an operating property and a clubhouse.

Lennar Homebuilding interest expense was $245.1 million in the year ended November 30, 2016 ($235.1 

million was included in costs of homes sold, $5.3 million in costs of land sold and $4.6 million in other interest expense), 
compared to $220.1 million in the year ended November 30, 2015 ($205.2 million was included in costs of homes sold, 
$2.5 million in costs of land sold and $12.5 million in other interest expense). Interest expense included in costs of 
homes sold increased primarily due to an increase in home deliveries.

Operating earnings for our Lennar Financial Services segment were $163.6 million in the year ended 

November 30, 2016, compared to $127.8 million in the year ended November 30, 2015. The increase in profitability was 
primarily due to increased transactions and higher profit per transaction in the segment's mortgage and title operations.

Operating earnings for our Rialto segment were $2.1 million in the year ended November 30, 2016 (which 

included a $16.7 million operating loss and an add back of $18.8 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling 
interests). Operating earnings in the year ended November 30, 2015 were $28.8 million (which included $33.6 million of 
operating earnings, partially offset by $4.8 million of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests).The decrease 
in operating earnings was primarily attributable to a $16.0 million write-off of uncollectible receivables related to a 
hospital, which was acquired through the resolution of one of Rialto's loans from a 2010 portfolio, a decrease in net 
realized gains on the sale of REO, an increase in REO and loan impairments, and general and administrative expenses. 
This was partially offset by an increase in operating earnings related to RMF as a result of higher securitization margins. 
The hospital is managed by a third party management company.

Operating earnings for our Lennar Multifamily segment were $71.2 million in the year ended November 30, 

2016, compared to an operating loss of $7.2 million in the year ended November 30, 2015. The increase in profitability 
was primarily due to the segment's $91.0 million share of gains as a result of the sale of seven operating properties by 
Lennar Multifamily's unconsolidated entities. In the year ended November 30, 2015, the operating loss in Lennar 
Multifamily primarily related to general and administrative expenses, partially offset by the segment's $22.2 million 
share of gains as a result of the sale of two operating properties by Lennar Multifamily's unconsolidated entities, 
management fee income and general contractor income, net. 

Corporate general and administrative expenses were $232.6 million, or 2.1% as a percentage of total revenues, 
in the year ended November 30, 2016, compared to $216.2 million, or 2.3% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year 
ended November 30, 2015. As a percentage of total revenues, corporate general and administrative expenses improved 
due to increased operating leverage.

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were $1.2 million and $16.3 million in the years ended 

November 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests during the year ended 
November 30, 2016 were primarily attributable to earnings related to Lennar Homebuilding consolidated joint ventures, 
partially offset by a net loss related to the FDIC's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we acquired in 
partnership with the FDIC. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests during the year ended November 30, 
2015 were primarily attributable to earnings related to Lennar Homebuilding consolidated joint ventures and net earnings 
related to the FDIC's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we acquired in partnership with the FDIC. 

In the years ended November 30, 2016 and 2015, we had a tax provision of $417.4 million and $390.4 million, 

respectively. Our overall effective income tax rates were 31.40% and 32.72% for the years ended November 30, 2016 
and 2015, respectively. The reduction is primarily the result of the reversal of an accrual due to a settlement with the IRS 
in the year ended November 30, 2016, which reduced our effective tax rate by (1.02%). During the year ended 
November 30, 2016, tax legislation was passed extending the new energy efficient home credit through 2016, as well as 

30

extending the 30% investment tax credit for solar energy property through 2022. For the years ended November 30, 2016 
and 2015, the impact of these tax credits was (3.46%) and (1.92%), respectively.

Homebuilding Segments 

Our Homebuilding operations construct and sell homes primarily for first-time, move-up and active adult 

homebuyers primarily under the Lennar brand name. In addition, our homebuilding operations purchase, develop and sell 
land to third parties. In certain circumstances, we diversify our operations through strategic alliances and attempt to 
minimize our risks by investing with third parties in joint ventures.

As of and for the year ended November 30, 2017, we have aggregated our homebuilding activities into three 
reportable segments, which we refer to as Homebuilding East, Homebuilding Central, and Homebuilding West, based 
primarily upon similar economic characteristics, geography, and product type. Information about homebuilding activities 
in states that do not have economic characteristics that are similar to those in other states in the same geographic area is 
grouped under "Homebuilding Other," which is not a reportable segment. References in this Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to homebuilding segments are to those three reportable 
segments.

At November 30, 2017 our reportable homebuilding segments and Homebuilding Other consisted of 

homebuilding divisions located in:

East: Florida(1), Georgia, Maryland, New Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia
Central: Arizona, Colorado and Texas
West: California and Nevada
Other: Illinois, Minnesota, Oregon, Tennessee and Washington
(1) Florida includes information related to WCI Communities, Inc. ("WCI") from the date of acquisition (February 10, 2017) 

to November 30, 2017.

The following tables set forth selected financial and operational information related to our homebuilding 

operations for the years indicated:

Selected Financial and Operational Data

(In thousands)
Homebuilding revenues:
East:

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total East. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Central:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

West:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total West . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Other:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total homebuilding revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

4,577,296
35,269
4,612,565

2,444,924
64,368
2,509,292

3,150,422
46,752
3,197,174

862,657
18,554
881,211
11,200,242

3,887,217
54,119
3,941,336

2,218,590
64,989
2,283,579

2,704,670
52,988
2,757,658

748,040
10,724
758,764
9,741,337

3,524,691
38,987
3,563,678

1,888,126
56,186
1,944,312

2,338,652
26,867
2,365,519

584,435
9,001
593,436
8,466,945

31

(In thousands)
Operating earnings:
East:

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income (expense), net (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss due to litigation (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total East. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Central:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales of land (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities (4) . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other expense, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

West:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities (5) . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income, net (6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total West . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Other:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales of land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total homebuilding operating earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

614,114
4,970
1,413
3,187
(140,000)
483,684

272,712
8,168
(7,447)
(3,971)
269,462

429,588
12,719
(55,181)
16,809
403,935

101,691
4,011
(493)
6,749
111,958
1,269,039

578,207
22,035
(230)
17,163
—
617,175

245,103
2,038
401
(1,567)
245,975

396,696
16,689
(49,731)
32,692
396,346

76,741
3,947
285
4,463
85,436
1,344,932

578,185
10,448
118
(7,888)
—
580,863

196,372
13,595
75
(1,344)
208,698

358,054
446
62,960
14,358
435,818

39,393
5,613
220
1,036
46,262
1,271,641

(1)  Other income, net, for the year ended November 30, 2016, included gains of $14.5 million on the sales of three clubhouses. Other 

expense, net, for the year ended November 30, 2015, primarily related to a loss on a strategic sale of an operating property from 
one of our consolidated joint ventures, partially offset by noncontrolling interests. 

(2)  Loss due to litigation regarding a contract we entered into in 2005 to purchase property in Maryland. As a result of the litigation, 
we purchased the property for $114 million, which approximated our estimate of fair value for the property. In addition, we paid 
approximately $124 million in interest and other closing costs and has accrued for the amount it expects to pay as reimbursement 
for attorney's fees.

(3)  Sales of land for the year ended November 30, 2016 included $6.3 million of valuation adjustments to land we intend to sell or 

(4)  Equity in loss from unconsolidated entities for the year ended November 30, 2017 included valuation adjustments recorded for an 

have sold to third parties.

unconsolidated entity.

(5)  Equity in loss from unconsolidated entities for the year ended November 30, 2017 included our share of operational net losses 

from unconsolidated entities driven by general and administrative expenses and valuation adjustments related to assets of Lennar 
Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, partially offset by profit from land sales. Equity in loss for the year ended November 30, 
2016 included our share of costs associated with the FivePoint combination and operational net losses from the new FivePoint 
unconsolidated entity, totaling $42.6 million, partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings from one of our 
unconsolidated entities primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties. Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities for the 
year ended November 30, 2015 included $82.8 million of equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily 
due to the sale of a commercial property and homesites to third parties and a gain on debt extinguishment.

(6)  Other income, net for the year ended November 30, 2017 included an $8.6 million gain on the sale of an operating property. 

Other income, net, for the year ended November 30, 2016 included $30.1 million of management fee income and a profit 
participation related to Lennar Homebuilding's strategic joint ventures. Other income, net, for the year ended November 30, 2015 
included a $6.5 million gain on the sale of an operating property.

32

Summary of Homebuilding Data
Deliveries:

East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Years Ended November 30,

2017

14,076
7,262
6,238
1,818
29,394

Homes
2016

12,483
6,788
5,734
1,558
26,563

2015

11,515
6,171
5,245
1,361
24,292

Of the total homes delivered listed above, 72, 82 and 83 represent home deliveries from unconsolidated entities for the years 

ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Years Ended November 30,

Dollar Value (In thousands)

East . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Central. . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . .

Total . . . . . . . $

2017
4,577,296
2,444,924
3,199,252
862,657
11,084,129

2016
3,890,405
2,218,590
2,757,112
748,040
9,614,147

2015
3,527,612
1,888,127
2,383,432
584,435
8,383,606

$

$

Average Sales Price

2017

2016

2015

325,000
337,000
513,000
475,000
377,000

312,000
327,000
481,000
480,000
362,000

306,000
306,000
454,000
429,000
345,000

Of the total dollar value of home deliveries listed above, $48.8 million, $55.6 million and $47.7 million represent the dollar 
value of home deliveries from unconsolidated entities for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The home 
deliveries from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $678,000, $678,000 and $575,000 for the years ended 
November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Sales Incentives (1):

East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Years Ended November 30,

2017

332,531
201,701
99,532
31,975
665,739

(In thousands)

2016

278,979
183,921
101,337
32,062
596,299

2015

258,594
153,173
80,617
25,679
518,063

Years Ended November 30,

Average Sales Incentives Per

Home Delivered

Sales Incentives as a

% of Revenue

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

East . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Central. . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . .

Total . . . . . . . $

23,600
27,800
16,100
17,600
22,700

22,400
27,100
17,900
20,600
22,500

22,500
24,800
15,600
18,900
21,400

6.8%
7.6%
3.1%
3.6%
5.7%

6.7%
7.7%
3.6%
4.1%
5.9%

6.8%
7.5%
3.3%
4.2%
5.9%

(1)  Sales incentives relate to home deliveries during the period, excluding deliveries by unconsolidated entities.

33

New Orders (2):

East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Years Ended November 30,

2017

14,775
7,154
6,715
1,704
30,348

Homes
2016

12,764
7,041
5,910
1,657
27,372

2015

11,579
6,448
5,608
1,471
25,106

Of the total new orders listed above, 65, 23 and 105 represent new orders from unconsolidated entities for the years ended 

November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Years Ended November 30,

Dollar Value (In thousands)

East . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Central. . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . .

Total . . . . . . . $

2017
4,795,740
2,409,559
3,529,945
823,993
11,559,237

2016
3,977,605
2,354,618
2,832,993
788,721
9,953,937

2015
3,570,496
2,037,339
2,617,393
663,247
8,888,475

$

$

Average Sales Price

2017

2016

2015

325,000
337,000
526,000
484,000
381,000

312,000
334,000
479,000
476,000
364,000

308,000
316,000
467,000
451,000
354,000

Of the total dollar value of new orders listed above, $48.0 million, $9.2 million and $70.2 million represent the dollar value 
of new orders from unconsolidated entities for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The new orders from 
unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $738,000, $401,000 and $669,000 for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 
and 2015, respectively.
(2)  New orders represent the number of new sales contracts executed with homebuyers, net of cancellations, during the years ended 

November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Backlog:

East (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other (4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

November 30,

Homes
2016

3,243
2,321
1,530
529
7,623

2017

4,300
2,213
2,007
415
8,935

2015

2,852
2,068
1,354
372
6,646

Of the total homes in backlog listed above, 23, 30 and 89 represent homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities at 

November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Dollar Value (In thousands)

East . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Central. . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . .

Total . . . . . . . $

2017
1,468,830
785,469
1,078,760
217,307
3,550,366

2016
1,065,425
821,608
748,488
256,017
2,891,538

November 30,

2015

928,098
685,750
671,524
192,379
2,477,751

$

$

Average Sales Price

2017

2016

2015

342,000
355,000
537,000
524,000
397,000

329,000
354,000
489,000
484,000
379,000

325,000
332,000
496,000
517,000
373,000

Of the total dollar value of homes in backlog listed above, $15.2 million, $16.0 million and $62.4 million represent the 
dollar value of homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities at November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The homes in 
backlog from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $659,000, $533,000 and $701,000 at November 30, 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively.
(3)  During the year ended November 30, 2017, we acquired 359 homes in backlog as a result of the WCI acquisition. During the year 

ended November 30, 2016, we acquired 110 homes in backlog from other homebuilders.

(4)  During the year ended November 30, 2016, we acquired 58 homes in backlog.

34

Backlog represents the number of homes under sales contracts. Homes are sold using sales contracts, which are 

generally accompanied by sales deposits. In some instances, purchasers are permitted to cancel sales if they fail to 
qualify for financing or under certain other circumstances. We do not recognize revenue on homes under sales contracts 
until the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowners.

We experienced cancellation rates as follows:

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

15%
19%
14%
10%
15%

14%
20%
15%
11%
16%

Active Communities:

2017

November 30,

2016

2015

East (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

354
216
138
57
765

303
199
135
58
695

15%
21%
13%
11%
16%

284
206
119
56
665

Of the total active communities listed above, four communities represent active communities being developed by 

unconsolidated entities as of November 30, 2017. Of the total active communities listed above, two and three communities represent 
active communities being constructed by unconsolidated entities as of November 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(1)  We acquired 51 active communities related to the WCI acquisition on February 10, 2017. As of November 30, 2017, there were 

52 active  communities.

The following table details our gross margins on home sales for each of our reportable homebuilding segments 

and Homebuilding Other:

(Dollars in thousands)
East:

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Costs of homes sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margins on home sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4,577,296
3,504,176
1,073,120 23.4%

3,887,217
2,935,921

3,524,691
2,599,855

951,296 24.5%

924,836 26.2%

Central:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of homes sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margins on home sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2,444,924
1,936,879

2,218,590
1,752,781

1,888,126
1,485,243

508,045 20.8%

465,809 21.0%

402,883 21.3%

West:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of homes sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margins on home sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3,150,422
2,489,788

2,704,670
2,086,480

2,338,652
1,773,651

660,634 21.0%

618,190 22.9%

565,001 24.2%

Other:

Sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of homes sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margins on home sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total gross margins on home sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

862,657
670,503
192,154 22.3%
2,433,953 22.1%

748,040
587,671
160,369 21.4%
2,195,664 23.0%

584,435
474,101
110,334 18.9%
2,003,054 24.0%

35

2017 versus 2016

Homebuilding East: Revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an 

increase in the number of home deliveries in Florida and the Carolinas, partially offset by a decrease in the number of 
home deliveries in Georgia and Virginia. Revenues from home sales also increased as a result of the increase in the 
average sales price of homes delivered in Florida and the Carolinas, partially offset by a decrease in the average sales 
price of homes delivered in Georgia and Virginia. The increase in the number of deliveries in Florida was primarily 
driven by an increase in active communities over the last year primarily related to the WCI acquisition. The increase in 
the number of deliveries in the Carolinas was primarily driven by an increase in active communities. The decrease in the 
number of deliveries in Georgia and Virginia was primarily due to a decrease in deliveries per active community as a 
result of timing of opening and closing of communities. The increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in 
Florida and the Carolinas was primarily due to an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced communities and 
favorable market conditions. The decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in Georgia and Virginia was 
primarily driven by a change in product mix due to closing out the remaining homes in higher-priced communities and 
opening lower-priced communities during the year ended November 30, 2017. Gross margin percentage on home sales 
for the year ended November 30, 2017 decreased compared to the same period last year primarily due to an increase in 
direct construction costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.

Homebuilding Central: Revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an 

increase in the number of home deliveries in Texas and Arizona and an increase in the average sales price of homes 
delivered in all the states in the segment. The increase in the number of deliveries in Texas was primarily driven by 
higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased and the number of active communities 
increased. The increase in the number of deliveries in Arizona was primarily driven by an increase in the number of 
active communities. The increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to favorable market 
conditions. Gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended November 30, 2017 decreased compared to the 
same period last year primarily due to an increase in land and direct construction costs per home, partially offset by an 
increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.

Homebuilding West: Revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an 

increase in the number of home deliveries and average sales price in all the states in the segment. The increase in the 
number of home deliveries is primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community 
increased. The increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to a change in product mix and 
favorable market conditions. Gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended November 30, 2017 decreased 
compared to the same period last year primarily due to an increase in direct construction and land costs per home, 
partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.

Homebuilding Other: Revenues from home sales increased in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to an 

increase in the number of home deliveries in Minnesota and Tennessee, partially offset by a decrease in the average sales 
price of homes delivered in all states in Homebuilding Other except Washington. The increase in the number of 
deliveries in Minnesota and Tennessee was primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active 
community increased. The decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in all states in Homebuilding Other, 
except Washington, was primarily driven by a change in product mix due to closing out the remaining homes in higher-
priced communities and opening lower-priced communities during the year ended November 30, 2017. The increase in 
the average sales price of homes delivered in Washington was primarily due to favorable market conditions and a change 
in product mix. Gross margin percentage on home sales for the year ended November 30, 2017 increased compared to 
the same period last year primarily due to a decrease in construction costs per home delivered as the average sales price 
of homes delivered decreased as well.

2016 versus 2015 

Homebuilding East: Revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an 

increase in the number of home deliveries in all the states in the segment, except Virginia and Georgia, and an increase in 
the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states in the segment, except Florida. The increase in the number of 
deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 primarily in Florida and/or driven by 
higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. The decrease in home deliveries in Virginia 
and Georgia was primarily driven by a decrease in active communities that had a high volume of home deliveries in 
2015. The increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to a change in product mix as there 
was an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced communities in 2016 compared to 2015 and/or because we have 
been able to increase the sales price in certain of our communities due to favorable market conditions. The decrease in 
average sales price of homes delivered in Florida was primarily driven by a change in product mix due to closing out the 
remaining homes in higher-priced communities in 2015 and opening lower-priced communities in 2016. In addition, we 
have also been able to increase the sales prices in certain of our communities due to favorable market conditions. Gross 
margin percentage on home sales decreased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in land and direct 
construction costs per home, partially offset by an increase in average sales price of homes delivered.

36

Homebuilding Central: Revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an 

increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states in the 
segment. The increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per 
active community increased. The increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due to a change in 
product mix driven by an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced close out communities in 2016 compared to 2015 
and/or because we have been able to increase the sales prices in certain of our communities due to favorable market 
conditions. Gross margin percentage on home sales slightly decreased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in 
land costs per home, partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.

Homebuilding West: Revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an 

increase in the number of home deliveries in California, partially offset by a decrease in the number of home deliveries 
in Nevada and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states in the segment. The increase in 
the number of deliveries in California was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 and/or by 
higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. The decrease in the number of deliveries in 
Nevada was primarily driven by lower demand as the number of deliveries per active community decreased due to a 
change in product mix (selling at different price points) from 2015. The increase in the average sales price of homes 
delivered was primarily due to a change in product mix (selling at different price points) and/or because we have been 
able to increase the sales prices in certain of our communities due to favorable market conditions. Gross margin 
percentage on home sales decreased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in land costs per home and an 
increase in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales, partially offset by an 
increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.

Homebuilding Other: Revenues from home sales increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to an 
increase in the number of home deliveries in all the states in Homebuilding Other and an increase in the average sales 
price of homes delivered in all states in Homebuilding Other, except Minnesota. The increase in the number of deliveries 
was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over 2015 and/or by higher demand as the number of 
deliveries per active community increased. The increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily due 
to an increase in home deliveries in higher-priced communities in 2016 compared to 2015. The decrease in the average 
sales price of homes delivered in Minnesota was primarily due to the lower average sales price of the homes acquired in 
backlog. Gross margin percentage on home sales increased compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in the average 
sales price of homes delivered and a decrease in construction and land costs per home (prior year's land costs per home 
included a valuation adjustment of $9.6 million in our Northeast Urban operations).

Lennar Financial Services Segment

Our Lennar Financial Services reportable segment provides mortgage financing, title insurance and closing 
services for both buyers of our homes and others. Our Lennar Financial Services segment sells substantially all of the 
loans it originates within a short period in the secondary mortgage market, the majority of which are sold on a servicing 
released, non-recourse basis. After the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that 
we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties in the loan sale agreements. Several claims 
of this type have been asserted against us. We do not believe these claims will have a material adverse effect on our 
business.

As part of the WCI acquisition in February 2017, Lennar Financial Services acquired a real estate brokerage 

business under the Berkshire Hathaway Home Services brand. This business operates only in Florida.

In June 2017, our captive mortgage financing services operations changed its name from Universal American 

Mortgage Company, LLC to Eagle Home Mortgage, LLC.

The following table sets forth selected financial and operational information related to our Lennar Financial 

Services segment:

Years Ended November 30,

(Dollars in thousands)
2017
770,109
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
614,585
Costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
155,524
Dollar value of mortgages originated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8,973,000
31,600
Number of mortgages originated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mortgage capture rate of Lennar homebuyers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Number of title and closing service transactions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Number of title policies issued . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

110,000
314,800

80%

2016
687,255
523,638
163,617
9,343,000
33,500

82%

116,000
298,900

2015
620,527
492,732
127,795
8,877,000
32,600

82%

108,600
263,500

37

Rialto Segment

Our Rialto reportable segment is a commercial real estate investment, investment management, and finance 
company focused on raising, investing and managing third-party capital, originating and selling into securitizations 
commercial mortgage loans as well as investing our own capital in real estate related mortgage loans, properties and 
related securities. Rialto utilizes its vertically-integrated investment and operating platform to underwrite, perform 
diligence, acquire, manage, workout and add value to diverse portfolios of real estate loans, properties and securities as 
well as providing strategic real estate capital. Rialto's primary focus is to manage third-party capital and to originate and 
sell into securitizations commercial mortgage loans. Rialto has continued the workout and/or oversight of billions of 
dollars of real estate assets across the United States, including commercial and residential real estate loans and properties 
as well as mortgage backed securities with the objective of generating superior, risk-adjusted returns. To date, many of 
the investment and management opportunities have arisen from the dislocation in the United States real estate markets 
and the restructuring and recapitalization of those markets. 
Rialto's operating earnings (loss) were as follows:

Years Ended November 30,

(In thousands)
Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Costs and expenses (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto other income (expense), net (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating earnings (loss) (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Costs and expenses included loan impairments of $32.6 million, $18.2 million and $10.4 million for the years ended 

2016
233,966
229,769
18,961
(39,850)
(16,692)

2017
281,243
247,549
25,447
(81,636)
(22,495)

2015
221,923
222,875
22,293
12,254
33,595

November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily associated with the segment's FDIC loans portfolio (before 
noncontrolling interests).

(2)  Rialto other income (expense), net, included REO impairments of $63.6 million, $24.4 million and $12.4 million for the years 

ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

(3)  Operating earnings (loss) for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 included net earnings (loss) attributable to 

noncontrolling interests of ($46.1) million, ($18.8) million and $4.8 million, respectively.

The following is a detail of Rialto other income (expense), net:

Years Ended November 30,

2017

4,578

2016

17,495

2015

35,242

(In thousands)
Realized gains on REO sales, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Unrealized losses on transfer of loans receivable to REO and

impairments, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(13,678)
REO and other expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(57,740)
Rental and other income (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
48,430
Rialto other income (expense), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
12,254
(1)  Rental and other income for the year ended November 30, 2016, included a $16.0 million write-off of uncollectible receivables 

(64,623)
(49,432)
27,841
(81,636)

(23,087)
(54,008)
19,750
(39,850)

related to a hospital, which was acquired through the resolution of one of Rialto's loans from a 2010 portfolio.

Rialto Mortgage Finance

RMF originates and sells into securitizations five, seven and ten year commercial first mortgage loans, which 

are secured by income producing properties. This business has become a significant contributor to Rialto's revenues.

During the year ended November 30, 2017, RMF originated loans with a total principal balance of $1.7 billion, 
of which $1.6 billion were recorded as loans held-for-sale and $98.4 million as accrual loans within loans receivable, net, 
and sold $1.5 billion of loans into 12 separate securitizations. During the year ended November 30, 2016, RMF 
originated loans with a total principal balance of $1.8 billion of which $1.7 billion were recorded as loans held-for-sale 
and $81.2 million were recorded as accrual loans within loans receivable, net, and sold $1.9 billion of loans into 11 
separate securitizations. As of November 30, 2017, there were no unsettled transactions. As of November 30, 2016, 
originated loans with an unpaid principal balance of $199.8 million were sold into a securitization trust but not settled 
and thus were included as Rialto's receivables, net.

FDIC Portfolios

In 2010, the Rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two limited liability 
companies ("LLCs") in partnership with the FDIC ("FDIC Portfolios"). The LLCs met the accounting definition of VIEs 
and since we were determined to be the primary beneficiary, we consolidated the LLCs. In February 2017, the FDIC 

38

exercised its “clean-up call rights” under the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement. As a result, 
Rialto had until July 10, 2017 to liquidate and sell the assets in the FDIC Portfolios. On July 10, 2017, Rialto and the 
FDIC entered into an agreement which extended the original agreement date to January 10, 2018. At November 30, 
2017, the consolidated LLCs had total combined assets of $48.8 million, which primarily included $23.8 million in cash, 
$20.0 million of real estate owned, net and $1.6 million of loans held-for-sale. As of January 11, 2018, (1) the FDIC can, 
at its discretion, sell any remaining assets, or (2) Rialto has the option to purchase the FDIC's interest in the portfolios. 
As of January 19, 2018, there were only four assets with a carrying value totaling $0.3 million which were not under 
contract to sell.

Investments

Rialto is the sponsor of and an investor in private equity vehicles that invest in and manage real estate related 

assets and other related investments. These include:

Private Equity Vehicle

Inception Year

Commitment

Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Mezzanine Partners Fund, LP . . . . . . . .
Rialto Capital CMBS Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund III . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Credit Partnership, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2010
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

$700 million (including $75 million by us)
$1.3 billion (including $100 million by us)
$300 million (including $34 million by us)
$119 million (including $52 million by us)
$1.9 billion (including $140 million by us)
$220 million (including $20 million by us)

Rialto also earns fees for its role as a manager of these vehicles and for providing asset management and other 

services to those vehicles and other third parties.

At November 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying value of Rialto's commercial mortgage-backed securities 

("CMBS") was $179.7 million and $71.3 million, respectively. These securities were purchased at discount rates ranging 
from 9% to 84% with coupon rates ranging from 1.3% to 5.0%, stated and assumed final distribution dates between 
November 2020 and October 2027, and stated maturity dates between November 2043 and March 2059. The Rialto 
segment reviews changes in estimated cash flows periodically to determine if an other-than-temporary impairment has 
occurred on its CMBS. Based on the Rialto segment’s assessment, no impairment charges were recorded during any of 
the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015. The Rialto segment classified these securities as held-to-maturity 
based on its intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity.

During 2017, Rialto purchased a 5% vertical strip in three separate CMBS transactions. A vertical interest is an 
equal interest in each class of securities issued in the securitization (e.g., 5.0% of each class) or a single vertical security 
entitling the holder to a specific percentage of the amounts paid on each class of those securities. As part of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act that came into effect in December 2016, originators that contribute loans to 
a CMBS trust are required to satisfy risk retention rules. Some risk retention rules permit the retention of risk by third 
parties, and the risk may be held by purchasing vertical, horizontal or other combined strips in a securitization.

Lennar Multifamily Segment

We have been actively involved, primarily through unconsolidated entities, in the development, construction 
and property management of multifamily rental properties. Our Lennar Multifamily segment focuses on developing a 
geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select U.S. markets.

As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, our balance sheet had $710.7 million and $526.1 million, respectively, of 

assets related to our Lennar Multifamily segment, which included investments in unconsolidated entities of $407.5 
million and $318.6 million, respectively. Our net investment in the Lennar Multifamily segment as of November 30, 
2017 and 2016 was $561.0 million and $412.9 million, respectively. During the year ended November 30, 2017, our 
Lennar Multifamily segment sold seven operating properties through its unconsolidated entities resulting in the 
segment's $96.7 million share of gains. During the years ended November 30, 2016 and 2015, our Lennar Multifamily 
segment sold seven and two operating properties, respectively, through its unconsolidated entities resulting in the 
segment's $91.0 million and $22.2 million share of gains, respectively. During the year ended November 30, 2016, our 
Lennar Multifamily segment sold land to third parties generating gross profit of $5.6 million.

Our Lennar Multifamily segment had equity investments in 27 and 28 unconsolidated entities (including the 

Lennar Multifamily Venture, the "Venture") as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of November 30, 2017, 
our Lennar Multifamily segment had interests in 53 communities with development costs of $5.1 billion, of which 13 
communities were completed and operating, 12 communities were partially completed and leasing, 22 communities were 
under construction and the remaining communities were either owned or under contract. As of November 30, 2017, our 

39

Lennar Multifamily segment also had a pipeline of potential future projects totaling $4.0 billion in assets across a 
number of states that would be developed primarily by future unconsolidated entities.

The Venture is a long-term multifamily development investment vehicle involved in the development, 

construction and property management of class-A multifamily assets with $2.2 billion in equity commitments, including 
a $504 million co-investment commitment by us comprised of cash, undeveloped land and preacquisition costs.

Financial Condition and Capital Resources

At November 30, 2017, we had cash and cash equivalents related to our homebuilding, financial services, Rialto 

and multifamily operations of $2.7 billion, compared to $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion at November 30, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. At November 30, 2017, cash included $1.16 billion, which will be paid to CalAtlantic stockholders in 
connection with the acquisition of CalAtlantic.

We finance all of our activities including Homebuilding, financial services, Rialto, multifamily and general 

operating needs primarily with cash generated from our operations, debt issuances and equity offerings as well as cash 
borrowed under our warehouse lines of credit and our unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Credit Facility").

Operating Cash Flow Activities

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, cash provided by (used in) operating activities totaled $996.9 million, $507.8 

million and ($419.6) million, respectively. During 2017, cash provided by operating activities was positively impacted 
by our net earnings, a decrease in receivables, an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities and a decrease in 
restricted cash, partially offset by an increase in other assets and an increase in loans held-for-sale of $108.9 million 
related to Rialto. In addition, cash provided by operating activities was negatively impacted by an increase in inventories 
due to strategic land purchases, land development and construction costs. For the year ended November 30, 2017, 
distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities were (1) $35.0 million from Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated 
entities, (2) $12.9 million from Rialto unconsolidated entities, and (3) $89.7 million from Lennar Multifamily 
unconsolidated entities.

During 2016, cash provided by operating activities was positively impacted by our net earnings, a net decrease 

in loans held-for-sale primarily related to RMF due to the timing of the securitizations and an increase in accounts 
payable and other liabilities, partially offset by a smaller increase in inventories than in 2015 due to our soft-pivot 
strategy, and an increase in receivables and other assets. For the year ended November 30, 2016, distributions of earnings 
from unconsolidated entities were (1) $86.3 million from Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities, (2) $14.0 million 
from Rialto unconsolidated entities, and (3) $1.7 million from Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities.

During 2015, cash used in operating activities was impacted by an increase in inventories due to strategic land 
purchases and land development costs, an increase of $213.5 million in Rialto loans held-for-sale related to RMF and an 
increase of $105.2 million in Lennar Financial Services loans held-for-sale, partially offset by our net earnings and an 
increase in accounts payable and other liabilities. For the year ended November 30, 2015, distributions of earnings from 
unconsolidated entities were (1) $26.3 million from Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, (2) $21.1 million 
from Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities, and (3) $13.3 million from Rialto unconsolidated entities.

Investing Cash Flow Activities

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, cash used in investing activities totaled $869.8 million, $85.8 million and $98.4 

million, respectively. During 2017, our cash used in investing activities was primarily due to our $611.1 million 
acquisition of WCI, net of cash acquired. In addition, we had cash contributions to unconsolidated entities of $430.3 
million, which included (1) $261.9 million to Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital 
and paydowns of joint venture debt, including $120.7 million to Five Point, (2) $119.7 million to Lennar Multifamily 
unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital and (3) $48.7 million to Rialto unconsolidated entities comprised 
primarily of $32.9 million contributed to Rialto Real Estate Fund III ("Fund III"), $8.8 million contributed to the Rialto 
Credit Partnership, LP ("RCP") and $7.0 million contributed to other investments. In addition, cash used in investing 
activities was impacted by purchases of CMBS bonds by our Rialto segment. This was partially offset by the receipt of 
$165.4 million of principal payments on loans receivable and other, $86.6 million of proceeds from the sales of REO and 
distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities of $207.3 million, which primarily included (1) $83.0 million from 
Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities, of which $26.8 million was distributed by the Venture, (2) $80.9 million 
from Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, and (3) $41.6 million from Rialto unconsolidated entities comprised 
primarily of $21.2 million distributed by Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP (" Fund II"), $5.4 million distributed by Fund III, 
$7.0 million distributed by the Rialto Mezzanine Partners Fund, LP ("Mezzanine Fund"), and $5.4 million distributed by 
the CMBS Funds.

During 2016, our cash used in investing activities was primarily impacted by cash contributions to 

unconsolidated entities of (1) $198.2 million to Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities primarily related to 
contributions to the Venture, (2) $184.2 million to Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working 

40

capital, (3) $43.4 million to Rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $28.8 million contributed to the CMBS Funds, 
$7.2 million contributed to Fund III, $5.7 million contributed to RCP and $1.7 million contributed to other investments. 
In addition, cash used in investing activities was impacted by purchases of CMBS by our Rialto segment and origination 
of loans receivable primarily related to floating rate loans originated by RMF. This was partially offset by distributions of 
capital from unconsolidated entities of (1) $251.2 million from Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities, of which 
$193.7 million was distributed by the Venture, (2) $44.6 million from Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, and 
(3) $27.4 million from Rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $12.8 million distributed by Fund II, $11.7 million 
distributed by the Mezzanine Fund and $2.9 million distributed by the CMBS Funds; by the receipt of $97.9 million of 
proceeds from the sales of REO; and receipt of $84.4 million of principal payments on loans receivable and settlement of 
accrual loans.

During 2015, our cash used in investing activities was primarily impacted by cash contributions to 

unconsolidated entities of (1) $210.7 million to Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working 
capital, (2) $63.0 million to Rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $41.7 million contributed to Fund II, $13.3 
million contributed to the Mezzanine Fund and $8.0 million contributed to the CMBS Funds, and (3) $41.3 million to 
Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital. In addition, cash used in investing activities 
was impacted by purchases of investment securities and loans held-for-investments. This was partially offset by the 
receipt of  $73.7 million of proceeds from the sale of a Lennar Homebuilding operating property, $155.3 million of 
proceeds from the sale of REO and by distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities of (1) $118.0 million from 
Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, (2) $78.1 million from Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities, of 
which $55.3 million was distributed by the Venture, and (3) $22.9 million from Rialto unconsolidated entities comprised 
of $16.9 million distributed by Fund II, $3.4 million distributed by the Mezzanine Fund and $2.6 million distributed by 
the CMBS Funds.

Financing Cash Flow Activities

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, our cash provided by (used in) financing activities totaled $1.2 billion, ($250.9) 

million and $394.7 million, respectively. During 2017, our cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed 
to the receipt of proceeds related to the (1) issuance of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes 
due 2022 (the "4.125% Senior Notes"), (2) issuance of $650 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50% senior notes 
due 2024 (the "4.50% Senior Notes"), (3) issuance of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% senior notes due 
2020 (the "2.95% Senior Notes"), (4) issuance of $900 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 
2027 (the "4.750% Senior Notes"), (5) $31.2 million of proceeds from other borrowings, (6) $99.6 million of proceeds 
from the issuance of Rialto notes payable and (7) $195.5 million of proceeds from other liabilities. This was partially 
offset by (1) the retirement of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 12.25% senior notes due 2017 (the 
"12.25% Senior Notes"), (2) the redemption of $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.75% senior notes due 
2017 (the "4.75% Senior Notes"), (3) the redemption of $250 million principal amount of our 6.875% senior notes due 
2021 that had been issued by WCI, (4) $199.7 million of net repayments under our warehouse facilities, which was 
comprised of $139.8 million of net repayments under our Lennar Financial Services warehouse repurchase facilities and 
$59.9 million of net repayments under our Rialto warehouse facilities, (5) $74.4 million of payments related to 
noncontrolling interests, and (5) $139.7 million of principal payments on other borrowings. The proceeds from the 
issuance of the 2.95% Senior Notes and the 4.750% Senior Notes will be used primarily to pay the cash portion of the 
consideration related to the merger with CalAtlantic.

During 2016, our cash used in financing activities was primarily impacted by (1) the redemption of $250 

million aggregate principal amount of our 6.50% senior notes due April 2016 (the "6.50% Senior Notes"), (2) $234.0 
million of cash payments in connection with exchanges or conversions of our 2.75% convertible senior notes due 
December 2020 (the "2.75% Convertible Senior Notes"), (3) $211.0 million of principal payments on other borrowings, 
(4) $111.3 million of net repayments under our Rialto's warehouse repurchase facilities, and (5) $127.4 million of 
payments related to noncontrolling interests. The cash used in financing activities was partially offset by the receipt of 
proceeds of the sale of $500 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.750% senior notes due 2021 and $218.8 million 
of net borrowings under our Lennar Financial Services' warehouse repurchase facilities. 

During 2015, our cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed to the receipt of proceeds 

related to the sale of (1) $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due 2023, (2) an additional 
$250 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.50% senior notes due November 2019, and (3) $500 million aggregate 
principal amount of our 4.750% senior notes due 2025; proceeds of $101.6 million from other borrowings; and net 
borrowings of $366.3 million under our Lennar Financial Services' and Rialto's warehouse repurchase facilities. The cash 
provided by financing activities was partially offset by the redemption of $500 million principal amount of our 5.60% 
senior notes due 2015, exchanges and conversions of $212.1 million principal amount of our 2.75% Convertible Senior 
Notes, principal payments of $258.1 million on other borrowings, and payments of $133.4 million related to 
noncontrolling interests.

41

Debt to total capital ratios are financial measures commonly used in the homebuilding industry and are 

presented to assist in understanding the leverage of our Lennar Homebuilding operations. Lennar Homebuilding debt to 
total capital and net Lennar Homebuilding debt to total capital were calculated as follows:

(Dollars in thousands)
Lennar Homebuilding debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Stockholders’ equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total capital. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Lennar Homebuilding debt to total capital. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Less: Lennar Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net Lennar Homebuilding debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

November 30,

2017
6,410,003
7,872,317
14,282,320

2016
4,575,977
7,026,042
11,602,019

44.9%

39.4%

6,410,003
2,282,925
4,127,078

4,575,977
1,050,138
3,525,839

Lennar Homebuilding net debt to total capital (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  Lennar Homebuilding net debt to total capital is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as net Lennar Homebuilding debt 

34.4%

33.4%  

(Lennar Homebuilding debt less Lennar Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents) divided by total capital (net Lennar 
Homebuilding debt plus stockholders' equity). We believe the ratio of net Lennar Homebuilding debt to total capital is a relevant 
and a useful financial measure to investors in understanding the leverage employed in our Lennar Homebuilding operations. 
However, because net Lennar Homebuilding debt to total capital is not calculated in accordance with GAAP, this financial 
measure should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures prescribed by GAAP. Rather, this non-
GAAP financial measure should be used to supplement our GAAP results.

At November 30, 2017, Lennar Homebuilding debt to total capital was higher compared to the prior year 

period, primarily as a result of net increase in Lennar Homebuilding debt due to the issuance of senior notes in order to 
fund the cash portion of the CalAtlantic merger as noted below. This was partially offset by an increase in stockholders' 
equity primarily related to our net earnings.

We are continually exploring various types of transactions to manage our leverage and liquidity positions, take 
advantage of market opportunities and increase our revenues and earnings. These transactions may include the issuance 
of additional indebtedness, the repurchase of our outstanding indebtedness for cash or equity, the acquisition of 
homebuilders and other companies, the purchase or sale of assets or lines of business, the issuance of common stock or 
securities convertible into shares of common stock, the buyback of shares of common stock, and/or pursuing other 
financing alternatives. In connection with some of our more recently formed businesses, such as Rialto and Lennar 
Multifamily, we may also consider other types of transactions such as restructurings, joint ventures, spin-offs or initial 
public offerings as we intend to move back to being a pure play homebuilding company over time. If any of these 
transactions are implemented, they could materially impact the amount and composition of our indebtedness outstanding, 
increase or decrease our interest expense, dilute our existing stockholders and/or affect the net book value of our assets. 
At November 30, 2017, we had a merger agreement with CalAtlantic discussed below that included the cash 
consideration portion that caused us to issue the 2.95% Senior Notes and 4.750% Senior Notes as noted in the financing 
cash flow activities above.

On October 29, 2017, Lennar and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lennar (“Merger Sub”) entered into an 

Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with CalAtlantic, a Homebuilding company. Subject to the 
terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, CalAtlantic will be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub 
continuing as the surviving corporation (the “Merger”). CalAtlantic builds well-crafted homes in thoughtfully designed 
communities that meet the desires of customers across the homebuilding spectrum, from entry level to luxury, in over 43 
metropolitan statistical areas spanning 19 states. CalAtlantic also provides mortgage, title and escrow services.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, CalAtlantic’s stockholders will receive 0.885 shares of our Class A 

common stock for each share of CalAtlantic’s common stock. CalAtlantic’s stockholders will also have the option to 
exchange all or a portion of their shares of common stock for cash in an amount of $48.26 per share (the "Cash Election 
Option") in lieu of receiving our Class A common stock, subject to a maximum cash amount of $1.16 billion. The Cash 
Election Option will be subject to proration to the extent they exceed the maximum cash amount. A major stockholder of 
CalAtlantic has agreed that it will be deemed to elect to exercise the Cash Election Option to the extent actual exercises 
are less than the maximum amount. Therefore, we will pay the maximum amount in cash regardless of how many 
CalAtlantic stockholders exercise the Cash Election Option. No fractional shares of our Class A common stock will be 
issued in the Merger. Any holder of CalAtlantic’s common stock who would be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of 
our Class A common stock will instead receive cash equal to the market value of a share of such Class A common stock 
(based on the last sale price reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the last trading day before the closing date). 
On a pro forma basis, CalAtlantic stockholders are expected to own approximately 26% of the combined company. The 
transaction, which must be approved by both CalAtlantic and our stockholders, is expected to close on or shortly after 
February 12, 2018.

42

The transaction will make us the largest homebuilder in the United States in terms of revenues. We expect that 

the transaction will result in significant savings in the cost of producing homes and reductions of general and 
administrative costs as a percentage of total revenues. When our Board of Directors was considering the transaction, our 
management estimated that we expected to achieve cost savings and other synergy benefits from the transaction of 
approximately $100 million in fiscal year 2018 and $365 million per year after that.

For the year ended December 31, 2017, CalAtlantic had an average of 565 selling communities, had delivered 
14,602 homes at an average sales price of $450,000 and had net new orders of 15,205 homes at an average sales price of 
$459,000. At December 31, 2017, CalAtlantic had a backlog of 6,420 home sale contracts with a total backlog dollar 
value of $3.2 billion.

The following table summarizes our Lennar Homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable:

(Dollars in thousands)
6.95% senior notes due 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
4.125% senior notes due December 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.50% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.95% senior notes due 2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.125% senior notes due 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.875% senior notes due December 2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.75% senior notes due 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.75% senior notes due December 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12.25% senior notes due 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mortgages notes on land and other debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30,

2017

2016

249,342
274,459
498,793
598,325
298,305
497,329
595,904
569,484
394,964
645,353
496,671
892,657
—
—
398,417
6,410,003

248,474
273,889
498,002
597,474
—
496,547
—
568,404
394,170
—
496,226
—
398,479
398,232
206,080
4,575,977

The carrying amounts of the senior notes listed above are net of debt issuance costs of $33.5 million and $22.1 

million, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Our Lennar Homebuilding average debt outstanding was $5.7 billion with an average rate for interest incurred 

of 4.8% for the year ended November 30, 2017, compared to $5.1 billion with an average rate for interest incurred of 
5.1% for the year ended November 30, 2016. Interest incurred related to Lennar Homebuilding debt for the year ended 
November 30, 2017 was $290.3 million, compared to $281.4 million in 2016. The majority of our short-term financing 
needs, including financings for land acquisition and development activities and general operating needs, are met with 
cash generated from operations, proceeds from debt as well as borrowings under our Credit Facility.

43

The terms of each of our senior notes outstanding at November 30, 2017 were as follows:

Senior Notes Outstanding (1)

(Dollars in thousands)
6.95% senior notes due 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.125% senior notes due December 2018. . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.50% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.95% senior notes due 2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.125% senior notes due 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2022

Principal 
Amount

$250,000
275,000
500,000
600,000
300,000
500,000
600,000
575,000

Net 

Proceeds 

(2)

Price

Dates Issued

243,900
271,718
495,725
595,801
298,800
495,974
595,160
567,585

98.929%
99.998%
(3)
(4)
100%
100%
100%
(5)

May 2010

February 2013
February 2014

November 2014, February 2015

November 2017

March 2016
January 2017

October 2012, February 2013,

April 2013

4.875% senior notes due December 2023. . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.75% senior notes due 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  Interest is payable semi-annually for each of the series of senior notes. The senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated, but 

99.169%
100%
100%
100%

393,622
644,838
495,528
894,650

400,000
650,000
500,000
900,000

April 2017
April 2015

November 2015

November 2017

are guaranteed by substantially all of the our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries.

(2)  We generally uses the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, which can include the repayment or 
repurchase of other outstanding senior notes, except the proceeds from issuance of our 2.95% senior notes due 2020 and our 
4.750% senior notes due 2027 will be used primarily for the Cash Election Option in connection with the merger of CalAtlantic.
(3)  We issued $400 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100% and $100 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 

(4)  We issued $350 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100% and $250 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 

100.5%.

100.25%.

(5)  We issued $350 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100%, $175 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 

98.073% and $50 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 98.250%.

In November 2017, we redeemed the $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.75% Senior Notes due 

2017. The redemption price, which was paid in cash, was 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest.

In November 2017, we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% Senior Notes and $900 million 

aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Senior Notes at a price of 100% in a private placement. Proceeds from the 
offering, after payment of initial purchaser’s discount and certain expenses, were $1.19 billion. We intend to use the net 
proceeds of this offering to fund the portion of cash consideration payable by us in connection with the Merger, to pay 
expenses related to the Merger and for general corporate purposes. Interest on the 2.95% Senior Notes and 4.750% 
Senior Notes is due semi-annually beginning May 29, 2018.

In August 2017, we redeemed the $250 million aggregate principal amount of the 6.875% senior notes due 2021 
that we assumed as a result of our WCI acquisition in February 2017. The redemption price, which was paid in cash, was 
103.438% of the principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest up to, but not including, the redemption date. There 
was no gain or loss recorded on redemption as it had been recorded at fair value on the acquisition date.

In March 2017, we retired our 12.25% Senior Notes for 100% of the $400 million aggregate principal amount, 

plus accrued and unpaid interest.

Currently, substantially all of our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries are guaranteeing all our senior notes 

(the "Guaranteed Notes"). The guarantees are full and unconditional. The principal reason our 100% owned 
homebuilding subsidiaries are guaranteeing the Guaranteed Notes is so holders of the Guaranteed Notes will have rights 
at least as great with regard to those subsidiaries as any other holders of a material amount of our unsecured debt. 
Therefore, the guarantees of the Guaranteed Notes will remain in effect with regard to a guarantor subsidiary only while 
it guarantees a material amount of the debt of Lennar Corporation, as a separate entity, to others. At any time when a 
guarantor subsidiary is no longer guaranteeing at least $75 million of Lennar Corporation’s debt other than the 
Guaranteed Notes, either directly or by guaranteeing other subsidiaries’ obligations as guarantors of Lennar 
Corporation’s debt, the guarantor subsidiary’s guarantee of the Guaranteed Notes will be suspended. Therefore, if the 
guarantor subsidiaries cease guaranteeing Lennar Corporation’s obligations under our Credit Facility and our letter of 
credit facilities and are not guarantors of any new debt, the guarantor subsidiaries’ guarantees of the Guaranteed Notes 
will be suspended until such time, if any, as they again are guaranteeing at least $75 million of Lennar Corporation’s debt 
other than the Guaranteed Notes.

44

If our guarantor subsidiaries are guaranteeing revolving credit lines totaling at least $75 million, we will treat 

the guarantees of the Guaranteed Notes as remaining in effect even during periods when Lennar Corporation’s 
borrowings under the revolving credit lines are less than $75 million. A subsidiary will be released from its guarantee and 
any other obligations it may have regarding the senior notes if all or substantially all its assets, or all of its capital stock, 
are sold or otherwise disposed of.

In May 2017, we amended our Credit Facility to increase the maximum borrowings from $1.8 billion to $2.0 
billion and extended the maturity on $1.4 billion of the Credit Facility from June 2020 to June 2022, with another $160 
million maturing in June 2018 and the remaining $50 million maturing in June 2020. As of November 30, 2017, the 
Credit Facility included a $403 million accordion feature, subject to additional commitments. The proceeds available 
under our Credit Facility, which are subject to specified conditions for borrowing, may be used for working capital and 
general corporate purposes. The credit agreement also provides that up to $500 million in commitments may be used for 
letters of credit. As of both November 30, 2017 and 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
We may from time to time, borrow and repay amounts under our Credit Facility. Consequently, the amount outstanding 
under the Credit Facility at the end of a period may not be reflective of the total amounts outstanding during the period. 
In addition, we had $330 million letter of credit facilities with different financial institutions at November 30, 2017.

Under the amended Credit Agreement executed in May 2017, as of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are 

required to maintain minimum consolidated tangible net worth of approximately $4.2 billion plus the sum of 50% of the 
cumulative consolidated net income from February 28, 2017, if positive, and 50% of the net cash proceeds from any 
equity offerings from and after February 28, 2017, minus the lesser of 50% of the amount paid after May 18, 2017 to 
repurchase common stock and $100 million. We are required to maintain a leverage ratio that shall not exceed 65% and 
may be reduced by 2.5% per quarter if our interest coverage ratio is less than 2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal 
calendar quarters. The leverage ratio will have a floor of 60%. If our interest coverage ratio subsequently exceeds 
2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters, the leverage ratio we will be required to maintain will be 
increased by 2.5% per quarter to a maximum of 65%. As of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are also required to 
maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for the last twelve 
months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months then 
ended. We believe that we were in compliance with our debt covenants at November 30, 2017

The following summarizes our required debt covenants and our actual levels or ratios with respect to those 

covenants as calculated per the Credit Agreement as of November 30, 2017:

(Dollars in thousands)
Minimum net worth test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Maximum leverage ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liquidity test (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  We are only required to maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for 
the last twelve months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio of equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months 
then ended. Although we are in compliance with our debt covenants for both calculations, we have only disclosed our liquidity 
test.

Covenant Level
4,498,214

2017
6,476,907

65.0%
1.00

32.8%
8.13

Level Achieved as
of November 30,

The terms minimum net worth test, maximum leverage ratio, liquidity test and interest coverage ratio used in 

the Credit Agreement are specifically calculated per the Credit Agreement and differ in specified ways from comparable 
GAAP or common usage terms.

Our performance letters of credit outstanding were $384.4 million and $270.8 million at November 30, 2017 

and 2016, respectively. Our financial letters of credit outstanding were $127.4 million and $210.3 million at 
November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Performance letters of credit are generally posted with regulatory bodies to 
guarantee the performance of certain development and construction activities. Financial letters of credit are generally 
posted in lieu of cash deposits on option contracts, for insurance risks, credit enhancements and as other collateral. 
Additionally, at November 30, 2017, we had outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion including performance surety 
bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain projects of our joint ventures) and financial 
surety bonds.

45

At November 30, 2017, our Lennar Financial Services segment warehouse facilities were as follows:

(In thousands)
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures December 2017 (1) (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures March 2018 (3). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures June 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures September 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Maximum aggregate commitment includes an uncommitted amount of $250 million.
(2)  Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity was extended to December 2018. 
(3)  Maximum aggregate commitment includes an uncommitted amount of $75 million.

Maximum Aggregate 

Commitment

400,000
150,000
600,000
300,000
1,450,000

Our Lennar Financial Services segment uses these facilities to finance its lending activities until the mortgage 

loans are sold to investors and the proceeds are collected. The facilities are non-recourse to us and are expected to be 
renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. Borrowings under the facilities and their prior year 
predecessors were $937.2 million and $1.1 billion, at November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and were collateralized 
by mortgage loans and receivables on loans sold to investors but not yet paid for with outstanding principal balances of 
$974.1 million and $1.1 billion, at November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The combined effective interest rate on 
the facilities at November 30, 2017 was 3.6%. If the facilities are not renewed or replaced, the borrowings under the lines 
of credit will be paid off by selling the mortgage loans held-for-sale to investors and by collecting on receivables on 
loans sold but not yet paid. Without the facilities, the Lennar Financial Services segment would have to use cash from 
operations and other funding sources to finance its lending activities.

At November 30, 2017, our Rialto warehouse facilities were as follows:

Maximum Aggregate 

(In thousands)
Warehouse repurchase facility that matures December 2017 (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures January 2018 (2). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures October 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures November 2018 (one year extension) . . . . . . . . .
Total - Loans origination and securitization business (RMF) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Warehouse repurchase facility that matures August 2018 (two - one year extensions) (3). . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity date was extended to December 2019.
(2)  Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity date was extended to December 2018 and the 

200,000
250,000
400,000
200,000
1,050,000
100,000
1,150,000

Commitment

maximum aggregate commitment of the facility was reduced to $200 million.

(3)  Rialto uses this warehouse repurchase facility to finance the origination of floating rate accrual loans, which are reported as 

accrual loans within loans receivable, net. There were no borrowings under this facility as of November 30, 2017. Borrowings 
under this facility were $43.3 million as of November 30, 2016.

Borrowings under the facilities that finance RMF's loan originations and securitization activities were $162.1 
million and $180.2 million as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and were secured by a 75% interest in the 
originated commercial loans financed. The facilities require immediate repayment of the 75% interest in the secured 
commercial loans when the loans are sold in a securitization and the proceeds are collected. These warehouse repurchase 
facilities are non-recourse to us and are expected to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature.

As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying amount, net of debt issuance costs, of Rialto's 7.00% Senior 
Notes was $349.4 million and $348.7 million, respectively. Under the indenture, Rialto is subject to certain covenants 
limiting, among other things, Rialto’s ability to incur indebtedness, to make investments, to make distributions to, or 
enter into transactions with Lennar or to create liens, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications. Rialto also has 
quarterly and annual reporting requirements, similar to an SEC registrant, to holders of the 7.00% Senior Notes. We 
believe Rialto was in compliance with its debt covenants at November 30, 2017.

Changes in Capital Structure

We have a stock repurchase program adopted in 2001, which originally authorized us to purchase up to 20 

million shares of our outstanding common stock. During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, there were 
no repurchases of common stock under the stock repurchase program. As of November 30, 2017, the remaining 
authorized shares that can be purchased under the stock repurchase program were 6.2 million shares of common stock.

46

During the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, treasury stock increased by 0.6 million shares and 0.1 

million shares of Class A common stock, respectively, primarily due to activity related to our equity compensation plan. 

During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our Class A and Class B common stockholders 

received a per share annual dividend of $0.16. 

On November 27, 2017, we paid a stock dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each 50 shares of 
Class A common stock or Class B common stock to holders of record at the close of business on November 10, 2017, as 
declared by our Board of Directors on October 30, 2017.

Based on our current financial condition and credit relationships, we believe that our operations and borrowing 

resources will provide for our current and long-term capital requirements at our anticipated levels of activity.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

Lennar Homebuilding - Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

At November 30, 2017, we had equity investments in 38 homebuilding and land unconsolidated entities (of 

which 3 had recourse debt, 10 had non-recourse debt and 25 had no debt), compared to 38 homebuilding and land 
unconsolidated entities at November 30, 2016. Historically, we have invested in unconsolidated entities that acquired and 
developed land (1) for our homebuilding operations or for sale to third parties or (2) for the construction of homes for 
sale to third-party homebuyers. Through these entities, we have primarily sought to reduce and share our risk by limiting 
the amount of our capital invested in land, while obtaining access to potential future homesites and allowing us to 
participate in strategic ventures. The use of these entities also, in some instances, has enabled us to acquire land which 
we could not otherwise obtain access, or could not obtain access on as favorable terms, without the participation of a 
strategic partner. Participants in these joint ventures have been land owners/developers, other homebuilders and financial 
or strategic partners. Joint ventures with land owners/developers have given us access to homesites owned or controlled 
by our partners. Joint ventures with other homebuilders have provided us with the ability to bid jointly with our partners 
for large land parcels. Joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding expertise with 
access to our partners’ capital. Joint ventures with strategic partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding 
expertise with the specific expertise (e.g. commercial or infill experience) of our partner. Each joint venture is governed 
by an executive committee consisting of members from the partners.

Although the strategic purposes of our joint ventures and the nature of our joint ventures' partners vary, the joint 

ventures are generally designed to acquire, develop and/or sell specific assets during a limited life-time. The joint 
ventures are typically structured through non-corporate entities in which control is shared with our venture partners. 
Each joint venture is unique in terms of its funding requirements and liquidity needs. We and the other joint venture 
participants typically make pro-rata cash contributions to the joint venture. In many cases, our risk is limited to our 
equity contribution and potential future capital contributions. Additionally, most joint ventures obtain third-party debt to 
fund a portion of the acquisition, development and construction costs of their communities. The joint venture agreements 
usually permit, but do not require, the joint ventures to make additional capital calls in the future. However, capital calls 
relating to the repayment of joint venture debt under payment guarantees generally is required.

Under the terms of our joint venture agreements, we generally have the right to share in earnings and 

distributions of the entities on a pro-rata basis based on our ownership percentage. Some joint venture agreements 
provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when the cumulative results of the joint venture 
exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return). Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from 
unconsolidated entities excludes our pro-rata share of joint ventures’ earnings resulting from land sales to our 
homebuilding divisions. Instead, we account for those earnings as a reduction of our costs of purchasing the land from 
the joint ventures or reduce the investment in certain cost sharing unconsolidated entities. This in effect defers 
recognition of our share of the joint ventures’ earnings related to these sales until we deliver a home and title passes to a 
third-party homebuyer.

In many instances, we are designated as the manager of a venture under the direction of a management 

committee that has shared power among the partners of the unconsolidated entity and we receive fees for such services. 
In addition, we often enter into option or purchase contracts to acquire properties from our joint ventures, generally for 
market prices at specified dates in the future. Option contracts, in some instances, require us to make deposits using cash 
or irrevocable letters of credit toward the exercise price. These option deposits are generally negotiated on a case by case 
basis.

We regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future 

liquidity or results of operations. Joint ventures in which we have investments may be subject to a variety of financial 
and non-financial debt covenants related primarily to equity maintenance, fair value of collateral and minimum homesite 
takedown or sale requirements. We monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a regular 

47

basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. For those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt covenants, we 
evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment.

Our arrangements with joint ventures generally do not restrict our activities or those of the other participants. 

However, in certain instances, we agree not to engage in some types of activities that may be viewed as competitive with 
the activities of these ventures in the localities where the joint ventures do business.

As discussed above, the joint ventures in which we invest generally supplement equity contributions with third-
party debt to finance their activities. In some instances, the debt financing is non-recourse, thus neither we nor the other 
equity partners are a party to the debt instruments. In other cases, we and the other partners agree to provide credit 
support in the form of repayment guarantees.

Material contractual obligations of our unconsolidated joint ventures primarily relate to the debt obligations 
described above. The joint ventures generally do not enter into lease commitments because the entities are managed 
either by us, or another of the joint venture participants, who supply the necessary facilities and employee services in 
exchange for market-based management fees. However, they do enter into management contracts with the participants 
who manage them. Some joint ventures also enter into agreements with developers, which may be us or other joint 
venture participants, to develop raw land into finished homesites or to build homes.

The joint ventures often enter into option or purchase agreements with buyers, which may include us or other 
joint venture participants, to deliver homesites or parcels in the future at market prices. Option deposits are recorded by 
the joint ventures as liabilities until the exercise dates at which time the deposit and remaining exercise proceeds are 
recorded as revenue. Any forfeited deposit is recognized as revenue at the time of forfeiture. Our unconsolidated joint 
ventures generally do not enter into off-balance sheet arrangements.

As described above, the liquidity needs of joint ventures in which we have investments vary on an entity-by-

entity basis depending on each entity’s purpose and the stage in its life cycle. During formation and development 
activities, the entities generally require cash, which is provided through a combination of equity contributions and debt 
financing, to fund acquisition and development of properties. As the properties are completed and sold, cash generated is 
available to repay debt and for distribution to the joint venture’s members. Thus, the amount of cash available for a joint 
venture to distribute at any given time is primarily a function of the scope of the joint venture’s activities and the stage in 
the joint venture’s life cycle.

We track our share of cumulative earnings and cumulative distributions of our joint ventures. For purposes of 

classifying distributions received from joint ventures in our statements of cash flows, cumulative distributions are treated 
as returns on capital to the extent of cumulative earnings and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as 
cash flow from operating activities. Cumulative distributions in excess of our share of cumulative earnings are treated as 
returns of capital and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from investing activities. 

Summarized financial information on a combined 100% basis related to Lennar Homebuilding’s unconsolidated 

entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
Statements of Operations and Selected Information

Years Ended November 30,

(Dollars in thousands)
Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 471,899
616,217
Costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
23,253
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ (121,065)
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated

entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

(61,708)

2017

2016
439,874
578,831
—
(138,957)

2015

1,309,517
969,509
49,343
389,351

(49,275)

63,373

Lennar Homebuilding cumulative share of net earnings - deferred at

November 30. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

47,621
Lennar Homebuilding investments in unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . $ 900,769
Equity of the unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4,196,811
28%
Lennar Homebuilding investment % in the unconsolidated entities (1). . .
(1)  Our share of profit and cash distributions from operations could be higher compared to our ownership interest in unconsolidated 

41,495
811,723
3,765,336

42,651
741,551
2,692,360

21%

22%

entities if certain specified internal rate of return or cash flow milestones are achieved.

For the year ended November 30, 2017, one of our unconsolidated entities had equity in earnings of $11.9 

million relating to an equity method investee selling 475 homesites to a third-party land bank. Simultaneous with the 
purchase by the land bank, we entered into an option contract to purchase all 475 homesites from the land bank. Due to 

48

our involvement with respect to the homesites sold from the investee entity, we deferred all of our equity in earnings 
from the unconsolidated entity relating to the sale transaction, which amounted to $4.9 million.

For the year ended November 30, 2017, Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was 
primarily attributable to our share of net operating losses from our unconsolidated entities, which were primarily driven 
by general and administrative expenses and valuation adjustments related to assets of Lennar Homebuilding 
unconsolidated entities, partially offset by the profits from land sales.

For the year ended November 30, 2016, Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was 
primarily attributable to our share of costs associated with the FivePoint combination and operational net losses from the 
new FivePoint unconsolidated entity, totaling $42.6 million. This was partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in 
earnings primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties by one of our unconsolidated entities.

For the year ended November 30, 2015, Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings included $82.8 million of 

equity in earnings from one of our unconsolidated entities primarily due to (1) sales of approximately 800 homesites to a 
joint venture in which we have a 50% investment and for which our portion of the gross profit from the sale was 
deferred, (2) sales of approximately 700 homesites and a commercial property to third parties and (3) a gain on debt 
extinguishment. In addition, for the year ended November 30, 2015, net earnings of unconsolidated entities included 
sales of approximately 300 homesites to us by one of our unconsolidated entities that resulted in $49.3 million of gross 
profit, of which our portion was deferred.
Balance Sheets

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Liabilities and equity:
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Debt (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

November 30,

2017

2016

953,261
3,751,525
1,061,507
5,766,293

832,151
737,331
4,196,811
5,766,293

221,334
3,889,795
1,334,116
5,445,245

791,245
888,664
3,765,336
5,445,245

(1)  Debt is net of debt issuance costs of $5.7 million and $4.2 million, for the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, 

respectively.

On May 2, 2016, we contributed, or obtained the right to contribute, our investment in three strategic joint 

ventures previously managed by FivePoint Communities in exchange for an investment in a FivePoint entity. The fair 
values of the assets contributed to this FivePoint entity are included within the unconsolidated entities summarized 
condensed balance sheet presented above. A portion of the assets of one of the three strategic joint ventures transferred to 
a new unconsolidated entity was retained by us and our venture partner. The transactions did not have a material impact 
to our financial position or cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2016. For the year ended November 30, 2016, 
we recorded $42.6 million of our share of combination costs and operational net losses in equity in loss from 
unconsolidated entities on the consolidated statement of operations.

In May 2017, FivePoint completed its initial public offering ("IPO"). Concurrent with the IPO, we invested an 
additional $100 million in FivePoint in a private placement. As of November 30, 2017, we own approximately 40% of 
FivePoint and the carrying amount of our investment is $359.2 million.

As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, our recorded investments in Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities 

were $900.8 million and $811.7 million, respectively, while the underlying equity in Lennar Homebuilding 
unconsolidated entities partners’ net assets as of November 30, 2017 and 2016 was $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion, 
respectively. The basis difference is primarily as a result of us contributing our investment in three strategic joint 
ventures with a higher fair value than book value for an investment in the FivePoint entity and deferring equity in 
earnings on land sales to us.

The Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments usually finance their activities 
with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. In some instances, we and our partners have guaranteed debt of 
certain unconsolidated entities.

49

Debt to total capital of the Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments was 

calculated as follows:

(Dollars in thousands)
Debt (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2017
737,331
4,196,811
Total capital. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4,934,142

2016
888,664
3,765,336
4,654,000

Debt to total capital of our unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

14.9%

19.1%

November 30,

(1)  Debt is net of debt issuance costs of $5.7 million and $4.2 million, for the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, 

respectively.

Our investments in Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities by type of venture were as follows:

November 30,

(In thousands)
Land development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

2017
868,015
32,754
900,769

2016
787,138
24,585
811,723

Indebtedness of an unconsolidated entity is secured by its own assets. Some unconsolidated entities own 

multiple properties and other assets. There is no cross collateralization of debt of different unconsolidated entities. We 
also do not use our investment in one unconsolidated entity as collateral for the debt of another unconsolidated entity or 
commingle funds among Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities.

In connection with loans to a Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entity, we and our partners often guarantee 

to a lender, either jointly and severally or on a several basis, any or all of the following: (i) the completion of the 
development, in whole or in part, (ii) indemnification of the lender from environmental issues, (iii) indemnification of 
the lender from "bad boy acts" of the unconsolidated entity (or full recourse liability in the event of an unauthorized 
transfer or bankruptcy) and (iv) that the loan to value and/or loan to cost will not exceed a certain percentage 
(maintenance or remargining guarantee) or that a percentage of the outstanding loan will be repaid (repayment 
guarantee).

The total debt of Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments, including 

Lennar's maximum recourse exposure, were as follows:

November 30,

(Dollars in thousands)
Non-recourse bank debt and other debt (partner’s share of several recourse). . . . . . . . . $
Non-recourse land seller debt and other debt (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-recourse debt with completion guarantees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-recourse debt without completion guarantees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-recourse debt to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar’s maximum recourse exposure (2). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt issuance costs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Total debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

2017
64,197
1,997
255,903
351,800
673,897
69,181
(5,747)
737,331

2016
48,945
323,995
147,100
320,372
840,412
52,438
(4,186)
888,664

Lennar’s maximum recourse exposure as a % of total JV debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  Non-recourse land seller debt and other debt as of November 30, 2016 included a $320 million non-recourse note related to a 

9%

transaction between one of our unconsolidated entities and another unconsolidated joint venture, which was settled in December 
2016. 

(2)  As of November 30, 2017, the increase in our maximum recourse exposure was primarily related to us providing repayment 

6%

guarantees on one new unconsolidated entity's debt.

During the year ended November 30, 2017, our maximum recourse exposure related to indebtedness of Lennar 
Homebuilding unconsolidated entities increased by $16.7 million, as a result of us providing a repayment guarantee on 
unconsolidated entities' debt of $24.9 million on Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities debt and an increase in 
recourse debt due to additional borrowings of $7.1 million, partially offset by a decrease due to $13.9 million primarily 
related to the joint ventures selling assets and a debt repayment of $1.4 million.

50

The recourse debt exposure in the previous table represents our maximum exposure to loss from guarantees and 
does not take into account the underlying value of the collateral or the other assets of the borrowers that are available to 
repay debt or to reimburse us for any payments on our guarantees.

In addition, in most instances in which we have guaranteed debt of a Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated 

entity, our partners have also guaranteed that debt and are required to contribute their share of the guarantee payment. In 
a repayment guarantee, we and our venture partners guarantee repayment of a portion or all of the debt in the event of a 
default before the lender would have to exercise its rights against the collateral.

In connection with many of the loans to Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, we and our joint venture 

partners (or entities related to them) have been required to give guarantees of completion to the lenders. Those 
completion guarantees may require that the guarantors complete the construction of the improvements for which the 
financing was obtained. If the construction is to be done in phases, the guarantee generally is limited to completing only 
the phases as to which construction has already commenced and for which loan proceeds were used.

If we are required to make a payment under any guarantee, the payment would generally constitute a capital 

contribution or loan to the Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entity and increase our share of any funds the 
unconsolidated entity distributes.

As of both November 30, 2017 and 2016, the fair values of the repayment and completion guarantees were not 

material. We believe that as of November 30, 2017, in the event we become legally obligated to perform under a 
guarantee of the obligation of a Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entity due to a triggering event under a guarantee, 
the collateral is expected to be sufficient to repay at least a significant portion of the obligation or we and our partners 
would contribute additional capital into the venture. In certain instances, we have placed performance letters of credit 
and surety bonds with municipalities for our joint ventures (see Note 7 of the notes to our consolidated financial 
statements).

In view of credit market conditions during the past several years, it is not uncommon for lenders and/or real 

estate developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, to assert non-monetary defaults (such as failure to 
meet construction completion deadlines or declines in the market value of collateral below required amounts) or 
technical monetary defaults against the real estate developers. In most instances, those asserted defaults are resolved by 
modifications of the loan terms, additional equity investments or other concessions by the borrowers. In addition, in 
some instances, real estate developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, are forced to request 
temporary waivers of covenants in loan documents or modifications of loan terms, which are often, but not always 
obtained. However, in some instances developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, are not able to 
meet their monetary obligations to lenders, and are thus declared in default. Because we sometimes guarantee all or 
portions of the obligations to lenders of joint ventures in which we have interests, when these joint ventures default on 
their obligations, lenders may or may not have claims against us. Normally, we do not make payments with regard to 
guarantees of joint venture obligations while the joint ventures are contesting assertions regarding sums due to their 
lenders. When it is determined that a joint venture is obligated to make a payment that we have guaranteed and the joint 
venture will not be able to make that payment, we accrue the amounts probable to be paid by us as a liability. Although 
we generally fulfill our guarantee obligations within a reasonable time after we determine that we are obligated with 
regard to them, at any point in time it is possible that we will have some balance of unpaid guarantee liability. At both 
November 30, 2017 and 2016, we had no liabilities accrued for unpaid guarantees of joint venture indebtedness on our 
consolidated balance sheets.

The following table summarizes the principal maturities of our Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities 

("JVs") debt as per current debt arrangements as of November 30, 2017 and it does not represent estimates of future cash 
payments that will be made to reduce debt balances. Many JV loans have extension options in the loan agreements that 
would allow the loans to be extended into future years.

Principal Maturities of Unconsolidated JVs by Period

(In thousands)
Maximum recourse debt exposure to

Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt without recourse to Lennar . . . . .
Debt issuance costs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total JV

Debt

$

69,181
673,897
(5,747)
$ 737,331

2018

2019

2020

Thereafter

Other

6,560
179,064
—
185,624

38,566
261,194
—
299,760

24,055
44,670
—
68,725

—
186,972
—
186,972

—
1,997
(5,747)
(3,750)

51

The table below indicates the assets, debt and equity of our 10 largest Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated 

joint venture investments as of November 30, 2017:

Lennar’s
Investment

(Dollars in thousands)
Top Ten JVs (1):
FivePoint . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 359,227
115,678
Heritage Hills Irvine . . . . . . . . .
Heritage Fields El Toro . . . . . . .
111,967
Treasure Island Community

Maximum
Recourse

Debt

Exposure
to Lennar

Total
Debt

Without
Recourse
to Lennar

Total JV

Debt

Total JV
Equity

JV Debt
to Total
Capital
Ratio

—
15,576
—

69,790
109,033
9,182

69,790
124,609
9,182

1,818,434
260,199
1,418,181

4%
32%
1%

Total JV
Assets

2,496,531
391,879
1,593,422

41,595
Development . . . . . . . . . . . . .
40,025
Runkle Canyon . . . . . . . . . . . . .
28,893
Ballpark Village. . . . . . . . . . . . .
22,974
Krome Groves Land Trust. . . . .
22,629
Fifth Wall Ventures SPV I . . . . .
17,758
Lennar Intergulf (150 Ocean) . .
17,369
EL at Monroe. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
778,115
10 largest JV investments . . . . .
Other JVs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
122,654
Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 900,769
Land seller debt and other debt .
Debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . .
Total JV debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  The 10 largest joint ventures presented above represent the majority of total JVs assets and equity, 34% of total JV maximum 

78,377
19,977
25,235
18,639
—
29,095
3,770
363,098
308,802
671,900
1,997
(5,747)
668,150

78,377
19,977
25,235
26,255
—
29,095
3,770
386,290
354,791
741,081
1,997
(5,747)
737,331

83,220
81,950
57,786
63,209
22,750
35,515
32,794
3,874,038
322,773
4,196,811

171,265
102,312
88,681
89,860
22,761
66,414
37,584
5,060,709
705,584
5,766,293

—
—
—
7,616
—
—
—
23,192
45,989
69,181
—
—
69,181

49%
20%
30%
29%
—%
45%
10%
9%
52%
15%

recourse debt exposure to Lennar and 53% of total JV debt without recourse to Lennar. In addition, all of the joint ventures 
presented in the table above operate in our Homebuilding West segment except for Krome Groves Land Trust and EL at Monroe, 
LLC, which operate in our Homebuilding East segment.

Rialto - Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

The following table reflects Rialto's investments in funds that invest in and manage real estate related assets and 

other investments:

(In thousands)
Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP.
Rialto Mezzanine Partners

Fund, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Capital CMBS Funds . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund III . . .
Rialto Credit Partnership, LP. .
Other investments . . . . . . . . . .

Inception

Year
2010
2012

Equity

Commitments
$ 700,006
1,305,000

2013
2014
2015
2016

300,000
119,174
1,887,000
220,000

Commitments

Equity

Called

$ 700,006
1,305,000

300,000
119,174
569,482
159,886

Commitment
to Fund by the

Company

$

75,000
100,000

33,799
52,474
140,000
19,999

November 30,

2017
Funds

Contributed

by the

Company

November 30,

2017

November 30,

2016

Investment

$

75,000
100,000

$

41,860
86,904

33,799
52,474
40,104
14,534

19,189
54,018
41,223
13,288
8,936
$ 265,418

58,116
96,192

23,643
50,519
9,093
5,794
2,384
245,741

During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016, and 2015, Rialto's share of earnings from unconsolidated 

entities was $25.4 million, $19.0 million and $22.3 million, respectively.

52

As manager of real estate funds, Rialto is entitled to receive additional revenue through carried interests if the 

funds meet certain performance thresholds. Rialto also periodically receives advance distributions related to Rialto's 
carried interests in order to cover income tax obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income to its carried 
interests in its real estate funds. These distributions are not subject to clawbacks but will reduce future carried interest 
payments to which Rialto becomes entitled from the applicable funds and have been recorded as revenues. The amounts 
presented in the table below include advance and carried interest distributions received as follows:

Years Ended November 30,

(In thousands)
Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund III, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Mezzanine Partners Fund, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Capital CMBS Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9,588
9,383
—
513
516
20,000
(1)  Rialto received $36.8 million of distributions, net of prior advance distributions, with regard to its carried interest in Rialto Real 

2017
36,973
1,656
2,948
311
2,281
44,169

7,633
100
—
750
1,639
10,122

2016

2015

$

Estate Fund, LP during the year ended November 30, 2017.

The following table represents amounts Rialto would have received had the funds ceased operations and 

hypothetically liquidated all their investments at their estimated fair values on November 30, 2017, both gross and net of 
amounts already received as advanced tax distributions. The actual amounts Rialto may receive could be materially 
different from amounts presented in the table below. 

(In thousands)
Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP (1). . . . . . . . . . .

Hypothetical

Carried Interest
166,989
52,308
219,297

$

Paid as Advanced
Tax Distribution
52,062
11,139
63,201

Paid as Carried

Interest

Hypothetical Carried

Interest, Net

36,824
—
36,824

78,103
41,169
119,272

(1)  Net of interests of participating employees (refer to paragraph below).

  During 2015, Rialto adopted a Carried Interest Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), under which participating employees 

in the aggregate may receive up to 40% of the equity units of a limited liability company (a "Carried Interest Entity") 
that is entitled to distributions made by a fund or other investment vehicle (a "Fund") managed by a subsidiary of Rialto. 
As such, those employees receiving equity units in a Carried Interest Entity may benefit from distributions made by a 
Fund to the extent the Carried Interest Entity makes distributions to its equity holders. The units issued to employees are 
equity awards and are subject to vesting schedules and forfeiture or repurchase provisions in the case of termination of 
employment.

Summarized condensed financial information on a combined 100% basis related to Rialto’s investments in 

unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
Balance Sheets

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Loans receivable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Real estate owned. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in partnerships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Liabilities and equity:
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Notes payable (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

53

November 30,

2017

2016

95,552
538,317
348,601
1,849,795
393,874
42,949
3,269,088

48,374
576,810
2,643,904
3,269,088

230,229
406,812
439,191
1,379,155
398,535
29,036
2,882,958

36,131
532,264
2,314,563
2,882,958

(1)  Notes payable are net of debt issuance costs of $3.1 million and $2.9 million, as of November 30, 2017 and November 30, 2016, 

respectively. 

Statements of Operations and Selected Information

Years Ended November 30,

2017

(In thousands)
Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 238,981
104,343
Costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
109,927
Other income, net (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings of unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 244,565
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
25,447
Rialto's investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 265,418
Equity of the unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2,643,904
Rialto's investment % in the unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  Other income, net, included realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments.

10%

2016
200,346
96,343
49,342
153,345
18,961
245,741
2,314,563

2015
170,921
97,162
144,941
218,700
22,293
224,869
2,317,588

11%

10%

Lennar Multifamily - Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

At November 30, 2017, Lennar Multifamily had equity investments in 27 unconsolidated entities that are 

engaged in multifamily residential developments (of which 13 had non-recourse debt and 14 had no debt), compared to 
28 unconsolidated entities at November 30, 2016. We invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land to 
construct multifamily rental properties. Through these entities, we are focusing on developing a geographically 
diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select U.S. markets. Participants in these joint 
ventures have been financial partners. Joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our 
development and construction expertise with access to our partners’ capital. Each joint venture is governed by an 
operating agreement that provides significant substantive participating voting rights on major decisions to our partners.

The Venture is a long-term multifamily development investment vehicle involved in the development, 

construction and property management of class-A multifamily assets with $2.2 billion in equity commitments, including 
a $504 million co-investment commitment by us comprised of cash, undeveloped land and preacquisition costs. The 
Venture is currently seeded with 35 undeveloped multifamily assets that were previously purchased or under contract by 
the Lennar Multifamily segment totaling approximately 10,600 apartments with projected project costs of $3.9 billion as 
of November 30, 2017. There are four completed and operating multifamily assets with 1,062 apartments. During the 
year ended November 30, 2017, $586.4 million in equity commitments were called, of which we contributed $134.9 
million representing our pro-rata portion of the called equity. During the year ended November 30, 2017, we received 
$26.8 million of distributions as a return of capital from the Venture, except for distributions of capital related to land 
contributions. As of November 30, 2017, $1.5 billion of the $2.2 billion in equity commitments had been called, of 
which we had contributed $350.7 million representing our pro-rata portion of the called equity, resulting in a remaining 
equity commitment for us of $153.3 million. As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying value of our investment in 
the Venture was $323.8 million and $198.2 million, respectively.

The joint ventures are typically structured through non-corporate entities in which control is shared with our 

venture partners. Each joint venture is unique in terms of its funding requirements and liquidity needs. We and the other 
joint venture participants typically make pro-rata cash contributions to the joint venture except for cost over-runs relating 
to the construction of the project. In all cases, we have been required to provide guarantees of completion and cost over-
runs to the lenders and partners. These completion guarantees may require us to complete the improvements for which 
the financing was obtained. Therefore, our risk is limited to our equity contribution, draws on letters of credit and 
potential future payments under the guarantees of completion and cost over-runs. In certain instances, payments made 
under the cost over-run guarantees are considered capital contributions.

Additionally, the joint ventures obtain third-party debt to fund a portion of the acquisition, development and 

construction costs of the rental projects. The joint venture agreements usually permit, but do not require, the joint 
ventures to make additional capital calls in the future. However, the joint venture debt does not have repayment or 
maintenance guarantees. Neither we nor the other equity partners are a party to the debt instruments. In some cases, we 
agree to provide credit support in the form of a letter of credit provided to the bank.

We regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future 
liquidity or results of operations. We also monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a 
regular basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. For those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt 
covenants, we evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment. We believe all of the joint ventures were in 
compliance with their debt covenants at November 30, 2017.

54

Under the terms of our joint venture agreements, we generally have the right to share in earnings and 

distributions of the entities on a pro-rata basis based on our ownership percentages. Most joint venture agreements 
provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when the cumulative results of the joint venture 
exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return).

In many instances, we are designated as the development manager and/or the general contractor and/or the 

property manager of the unconsolidated entity and receive fees for such services. In addition, we do not plan to enter into 
option and purchase contracts to acquire properties from our Lennar Multifamily joint ventures.

Our arrangements with joint ventures generally do not restrict our activities or those of the other participants. 

However, in certain instances, we agree not to engage in some types of activities that may be viewed as competitive with 
the activities of these ventures in the localities where the joint ventures do business.

Material contractual obligations of our unconsolidated joint ventures primarily relate to the debt obligations 
described above. The joint ventures generally do not enter into lease commitments because the entities are managed 
either by us or the other partners, who supply the necessary facilities and employee services in exchange for market-
based management fees. However, they do enter into management contracts with the participants who manage them.
As described above, the liquidity needs of joint ventures in which we have investments vary on an entity-by-

entity basis depending on each entity’s purpose and the stage in its life cycle. During formation and development 
activities, the entities generally require cash, which is provided through a combination of equity contributions and debt 
financing, to fund acquisition, development and construction of multifamily rental properties. As the properties are 
completed and sold, cash generated will be available to repay debt and for distribution to the joint venture’s members. 
Thus, the amount of cash available for a joint venture to distribute at any given time is primarily a function of the scope 
of the joint venture’s activities and the stage in the joint venture’s life cycle.

Summarized financial information on a combined 100% basis related to Lennar Multifamily’s investments in 

unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:

Balance Sheets

 
(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Liabilities and equity:
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Notes payable (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

November 30,

2017

2016

37,073
2,952,070
36,772
3,025,915

212,123
879,047
1,934,745
3,025,915

43,658
2,210,627
33,703
2,287,988

196,617
577,085
1,514,286
2,287,988

(1)  Notes payable are net of debt issuance costs of $17.6 million and $12.3 million, for the years ended November 30, 2017 and 

November 30, 2016, respectively.

The following table summarizes the principal maturities of our Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities debt 
as per current debt arrangements as of November 30, 2017 and does not represent estimates of future cash payments that 
will be made to reduce debt balances.

Principal Maturities of Lennar Multifamily Unconsolidated JVs by Period

(In thousands)
Debt without recourse to Lennar Multifamily .
Debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total JV

Debt

$ 896,683
(17,636)
$ 879,047

2018
252,767
—
$252,767

2019
318,082
—
$318,082

2020
299,777
—
$299,777

55

Thereafter
26,057

Other

—
— (17,636)
$ (17,636)

$ 26,057

Statements of Operations and Selected Information

Years Ended November 30,

(In thousands)
2017
67,578
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
108,610
Costs and expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
207,793
Other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
166,761
Net earnings of unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
85,739
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities (1) $
407,544
Our investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Equity of the unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,934,745
Our investment % in the unconsolidated entities (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our Lennar Multifamily segment sold seven, seven and two 

2016
45,287
68,976
191,385
167,696
85,519
318,559
1,514,286

21%

2015
16,309
27,190
43,340
32,459
19,518
250,876
817,473

21%

operating properties, respectively, through its unconsolidated entities resulting in the segment's $96.7 million, $91.0 million and 
$22.2 million share of gains, respectively.

31%

(2)  Our share of profit and cash distributions from sales of operating properties could be higher compared to our ownership interest 

in unconsolidated entities if certain specified internal rate of return milestones are achieved.

Option Contracts

We often obtain access to land through option contracts, which generally enable us to control portions of 

properties owned by third parties (including land funds) and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to 
exercise the options.

The table below indicates the number of homesites owned and homesites to which we had access through 

option contracts with third parties ("optioned") or unconsolidated JVs (i.e., controlled homesites) at November 30, 2017 
and 2016:

November 30, 2017
East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total homesites. . . . . . . . . . . .

Controlled Homesites

Optioned

JVs

Total

Owned
Homesites

Total

Homesites

17,809
10,069
2,271
1,933
32,082

482
1,135
3,828
—
5,445

18,291
11,204
6,099
1,933
37,527

64,317
31,862
38,265
6,682
141,126

82,608
43,066
44,364
8,615
178,653

November 30, 2016
East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
West . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total homesites. . . . . . . . . . . .

Controlled Homesites

Optioned

JVs

Total

Owned
Homesites

Total

Homesites

17,185
5,726
2,409
1,330
26,650

482
1,135
4,899
—
6,516

17,667
6,861
7,308
1,330
33,166

51,453
32,690
35,451
6,285
125,879

69,120
39,551
42,759
7,615
159,045

We evaluate all option contracts for land to determine whether they are VIEs and, if so, whether we are the 

primary beneficiary of certain of these option contracts. Although we do not have legal title to the optioned land, if we 
are deemed to be the primary beneficiary or make a significant deposit for optioned land, we may need to consolidate the 
land under option at the purchase price of the optioned land.

During the year ended November 30, 2017, consolidated inventory not owned increased by $272.3 million with 

a corresponding increase to liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned in the accompanying consolidated 
balance sheet as of November 30, 2017. The increase was primarily related to a transaction in which one of our 
unconsolidated entities sold 475 homesites to a third-party land bank and simultaneous with the purchase by the land 
bank, we entered into an option contract to purchase all 475 homesites from the land bank. We consolidated the option 
contract with the land bank due to an amount that we would have to pay if we default under the option contract. The 
consolidation resulted in a $320.1 million increase in consolidated inventory not owned and liabilities related to 

56

consolidated not owned. The increase from the land bank transaction was partially offset by us exercising our option to 
acquire land under previously consolidated contracts. To reflect the purchase price of the inventory consolidated, we had 
a net reclass related to option deposits from land under development to consolidated inventory not owned in the 
accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of November 30, 2017. The liabilities related to consolidated inventory not 
owned primarily represent the difference between the option exercise prices for the optioned land and our cash deposits.
Our exposure to loss related to our option contracts with third parties and unconsolidated entities consisted of 
our non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs totaling $137.0 million and $85.0 million at November 30, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. Additionally, we had posted $51.8 million and $45.1 million of letters of credit in lieu of 
cash deposits under certain land and option contracts as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

57

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

The following table summarizes certain of our contractual obligations at November 30, 2017:

debts payable (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6,448,504

357,655

1,853,047

1,726,355

2,511,447

(In thousands)
Lennar Homebuilding - Senior notes and other

Lennar Financial Services - Notes and other

debts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto - Notes and other debts payable (2) . . . .
Interest commitments under interest bearing

Total

Less than

1 year

Payments Due by Period
3 to 5
1 to 3
years
years

More than

5 years

937,431
633,281

937,356
183,875

75
350,000

—
12,485

—
86,921

debt (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,494,395
Operating leases. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
153,172
Other contractual obligations (4). . . . . . . . . . . .
276,600
Total contractual obligations (5) . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 9,943,383
(1)  The amounts presented in the table above exclude debt issuance costs and any discounts/premiums.
(2)  Amounts include notes payable and other debts payable of $350 million related to Rialto's 7.00% Senior Notes and $162.1 
million related to the Rialto warehouse repurchase facilities. These amounts exclude debt issuance costs and any discounts/
premiums.

312,568
46,228
233,500
2,071,182

471,716
63,072
43,100
2,781,010

334,134
31,411
—
2,104,385

(3)  Interest commitments on variable interest-bearing debt are determined based on the interest rate as of November 30, 2017.
(4)  Amounts include $153.3 million remaining equity commitment to fund the Venture for future expenditures related to the 

construction and development of the projects, $99.9 million of commitments to fund Rialto's Fund III, $5.5 million of 
commitments to fund Rialto's RCP and an $18.0 million commitment to invest in a real estate investment trust.

375,977
12,461
—
2,986,806

(5)  Total contractual obligations exclude our gross unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties totaling $62.0 million 

as of November 30, 2017, because we are unable to make reasonable estimates as to the period of cash settlement with the 
respective taxing authorities.

We are subject to the usual obligations associated with entering into contracts (including option contracts) for 

the purchase, development and sale of real estate in the routine conduct of our business. Option contracts for the 
purchase of land generally enable us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties or unconsolidated 
entities until we have determined whether to exercise our options. This reduces our financial risk associated with land 
holdings. At November 30, 2017, we had access to 37,527 homesites through option contracts with third parties and 
unconsolidated entities in which we have investments. At November 30, 2017, we had $137.0 million of non-refundable 
option deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to certain of these homesites and had posted $51.8 million of letters of 
credit in lieu of cash deposits under certain land and option contracts.

At November 30, 2017, we had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $511.8 million (which included the 

$51.8 million of letters of credit discussed above). These letters of credit are generally posted either with regulatory 
bodies to guarantee our performance of certain development and construction activities, or in lieu of cash deposits on 
option contracts, for insurance risks, credit enhancements and as other collateral. Additionally, at November 30, 2017, we 
had outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various 
projects (including certain projects of our joint ventures) and financial surety bonds. Although significant development 
and construction activities have been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are generally not 
released until all of the development and construction activities are completed. As of November 30, 2017, there were 
approximately $570.4 million, or 44%, of anticipated future costs to complete related to these site improvements. We do 
not presently anticipate any draws upon these bonds or letters of credit, but if any such draws occur, we do not believe 
they would have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Our Lennar Financial Services segment had a pipeline of loan applications in process of $2.4 billion at 

November 30, 2017. Loans in process for which interest rates were committed to the borrowers totaled approximately 
$500 million as of November 30, 2017. Substantially all of these commitments were for periods of 60 days or less. Since 
a portion of these commitments is expected to expire without being exercised by the borrowers or borrowers may not 
meet certain criteria at the time of closing, the total commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.

Our Lennar Financial Services segment uses mandatory mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") forward 

commitments, option contracts, futures contracts and investor commitments to hedge our mortgage-related interest rate 
exposure. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk. Credit risk associated 
with MBS forward commitments, option contracts, futures contracts and loan sales transactions is managed by limiting 
our counterparties to investment banks, federally regulated bank affiliates and other investors meeting our credit 
standards. Our risk, in the event of default by the purchaser, is the difference between the contract price and fair value of 
the MBS forward commitments and the option contracts. At November 30, 2017, we had open commitments amounting 

58

to $1.1 billion to sell MBS with varying settlement dates through February 2018 and open futures contracts in the 
amount of $332.0 million with the settlement dates through September 2024.

The following sections discuss market and financing risk, seasonality and interest rates and changing prices that 

may have an impact on our business:

Market and Financing Risk

We finance our contributions to JVs, land acquisition and development activities, construction activities, 

financial services activities, Rialto activities, Lennar Multifamily activities and general operating needs primarily with 
cash generated from operations, debt and equity issuances, as well as borrowings under our Credit Facility and 
warehouse repurchase facilities. We also purchase land under option agreements, which enables us to control homesites 
until we have determined whether to exercise the options. We try to manage the financial risks of adverse market 
conditions associated with land holdings by what we believe to be prudent underwriting of land purchases in areas we 
view as desirable growth markets, careful management of the land development process and, until recent years, 
limitation of risks by using partners to share the costs of purchasing and developing land as well as obtaining access to 
land through option contracts. Although we believed our land underwriting standards were conservative, we did not 
anticipate the severe decline in land values and the sharply reduced demand for new homes encountered in the prior 
economic downturn.

Seasonality

We historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. Our 

homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second 
fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. However, periods of economic downturn in 
the industry can alter seasonal patterns.

Interest Rates and Changing Prices

Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials and labor result in a 

need to increase the sales prices of homes. In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which can 
have a negative impact on housing demand and the costs of financing land development activities and housing 
construction. Rising interest rates as well as increased material and labor costs, may reduce gross margins. An increase in 
material and labor costs is particularly a problem during a period of declining home prices. Conversely, deflation can 
impact the value of real estate and make it difficult for us to recover our land costs. Therefore, either inflation or 
deflation could adversely impact our future results of operations.

New Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a comprehensive list of new accounting 

pronouncements.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements 

included in Item 8 of this document. As discussed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and 
accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the 
determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such 
differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements. Listed below are those policies and estimates that 
we believe are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application.

Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets

We record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are 

recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement 
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and attributable to operating loss and tax 
credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the 
years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. The effect on deferred tax assets and 
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the changes are enacted. Interest related to 
unrecognized tax benefits is recognized in the financial statements as a component of income tax expense.

A reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required if, based on the 

available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish 
valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed each reporting period by us based on the consolidation of all 

59

available positive and negative evidence using a "more-likely-than-not" standard with respect to whether deferred tax 
assets will be realized. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and 
cumulative losses, actual earnings, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our 
experience with loss carryforwards not expiring unused and tax planning alternatives.

We believe that the accounting estimate for the valuation of deferred tax assets is a critical accounting estimate 
because of the judgment required in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in 
our financial statements or tax returns. We base our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and 
rates and, in certain cases, business plans and other expectations about future outcomes. Changes in existing tax laws or 
rates could affect actual tax results and future business results, which may affect the amount of deferred tax liabilities or 
the valuation of deferred tax assets over time. Our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate 
of future events.

In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted which will have a positive impact on our effective 

tax rate in 2018 and subsequent years. The tax reform bill will reduce our effective tax rate in 2018 from 34% to 
approximately 25%. Excluded from our 2018 effective tax rate is a one-time non-cash write-down of our deferred tax 
assets of approximately $70 million that will be recorded in the first quarter of 2018 as a result of our lower effective tax 
rate.

Lennar Homebuilding and Lennar Multifamily Operations

Lennar Homebuilding Revenue Recognition

Revenues from sales of homes are recognized when the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowner, 

the new homeowner’s initial and continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the home, 
the new homeowner’s receivable is not subject to future subordination and we do not have a substantial continuing 
involvement with the new home. Revenues from sales of land are recognized when a significant down payment is 
received, the earnings process is complete, title passes and collectability of the receivable is reasonably assured. We 
believe that the accounting policy related to revenue recognition is a critical accounting policy because of the 
significance of revenue.

Lennar Multifamily Revenue Recognition

Our Lennar Multifamily segment provides management services with respect to the development, construction 

and property management of rental projects in joint ventures in which we have investments. As a result, our Lennar 
Multifamily segment earns and receives fees, which are generally based upon a stated percentage of development and 
construction costs and a percentage of gross rental collections. These fees are included in Lennar Multifamily revenue 
and are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is 
reasonably assured. In addition, our Lennar Multifamily segment provides general contractor services for the 
construction of some of its rental projects and recognizes the revenue over the period in which the services are performed 
under the percentage of completion method. We believe that the accounting policy related to Lennar Multifamily revenue 
recognition is a critical accounting policy because it represents a significant portion of our Lennar Multifamily's 
revenues and is expected to continue to grow in the future as the segment builds more rental properties.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at cost unless the inventory within a community is determined to be impaired, in which 

case the impaired inventory is written down to fair value. Inventory costs include land, land development and home 
construction costs, real estate taxes, deposits on land purchase contracts and interest related to development and 
construction. We review our inventory for indicators of impairment by evaluating each community during each reporting 
period. The inventory within each community is categorized as finished homes and construction in progress or land 
under development based on the development state of the community. There were 761 and 693 active communities, 
excluding unconsolidated entities, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. If the undiscounted cash flows 
expected to be generated by a community are less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recorded to write 
down the carrying amount of such community to its estimated fair value.

In conducting our review for indicators of impairment on a community level, we evaluate, among other things, 
the margins on homes that have been delivered, margins on homes under sales contracts in backlog, projected margins 
with regard to future home sales over the life of the community, projected margins with regard to future land sales, and 
the estimated fair value of the land itself. We pay particular attention to communities in which inventory is moving at a 
slower than anticipated absorption pace and communities whose average sales price and/or margins are trending 
downward and are anticipated to continue to trend downward. From this review, we identify communities in which to 
assess if the carrying values exceed their undiscounted cash flows. Although gross margin percentages for the year ended 
November 30, 2017 have decreased compared to the year ended November 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in 
direct construction and land costs, revenues have increased for all of our homebuilding segments and Homebuilding 

60

Other, compared to the year ended November 30, 2016. The increase is primarily due to an increase in home deliveries in 
all of our Homebuilding segments and Homebuilding Other, and an increase in the average sales price of homes 
delivered in all of our Homebuilding segments, but not in Homebuilding Other.

We estimate the fair value of our communities using a discounted cash flow model. The projected cash flows for 

each community are significantly impacted by estimates related to market supply and demand, product type by 
community, homesite sizes, sales pace, sales prices, sales incentives, construction costs, sales and marketing expenses, 
the local economy, competitive conditions, labor costs, costs of materials and other factors for that particular community. 
Every division evaluates the historical performance of each of its communities as well as current trends in the market and 
economy impacting the community and its surrounding areas. These trends are analyzed for each of the estimates listed 
above. 

Each of the homebuilding markets in which we operate is unique, as homebuilding has historically been a local 
business driven by local market conditions and demographics. Each of our homebuilding markets has specific supply and 
demand relationships reflective of local economic conditions. Our projected cash flows are impacted by many 
assumptions. Some of the most critical assumptions in our cash flow models are our projected absorption pace for home 
sales, sales prices and costs to build and deliver our homes on a community by community basis.

In order to arrive at the assumed absorption pace for home sales and the assumed sales prices included in our 
cash flow model, we analyze our historical absorption pace and historical sales prices in the community and in other 
comparable communities in the geographical area. In addition, we consider internal and external market studies and 
place greater emphasis on more current metrics and trends, which generally include, but are not limited to, statistics and 
forecasts on population demographics and on sales prices in neighboring communities, unemployment rates and 
availability and sales price of competing product in the geographical area where the community is located as well as the 
absorption pace realized in our most recent quarters and the sales prices included in our current backlog for such 
communities. 

Generally, if we notice a variation from historical results over a span of two fiscal quarters, we consider such 

variation to be the establishment of a trend and adjust our historical information accordingly in order to develop 
assumptions on the projected absorption pace and sales prices in the cash flow model for a community.

In order to arrive at our assumed costs to build and deliver our homes, we generally assume a cost structure 

reflecting contracts currently in place with our vendors adjusted for any anticipated cost reduction initiatives or increases 
in cost structure. Those costs assumed are used in our cash flow models for our communities.

Since the estimates and assumptions included in our cash flow models are based upon historical results and 

projected trends, they do not anticipate unexpected changes in market conditions or strategies that may lead to us 
incurring additional impairment charges in the future.

Using all the available information, we calculate our best estimate of projected cash flows for each community. 

While many of the estimates are calculated based on historical and projected trends, all estimates are subjective and 
change from market to market and community to community as market and economic conditions change. The 
determination of fair value also requires discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate we believe a market participant 
would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow 
streams. The discount rate used in determining each asset’s fair value depends on the community’s projected life and 
development stage. We generally use a discount rate of approximately 20%, subject to the perceived risks associated with 
the community’s cash flow streams relative to its inventory.

We estimate the fair value of inventory evaluated for impairment based on market conditions and assumptions 
made by management at the time the inventory is evaluated, which may differ materially from actual results if market 
conditions or our assumptions change. For example, changes in market conditions and other specific developments or 
changes in assumptions may cause us to re-evaluate our strategy regarding previously impaired inventory, as well as 
inventory not currently impaired but for which indicators of impairment may arise if market deterioration occurs, and 
certain other assets that could result in further valuation adjustments and/or additional write-offs of option deposits and 
pre-acquisition costs due to abandonment of those options contracts.

We also have access to land inventory through option contracts, which generally enables us to defer acquiring 
portions of properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise 
our options. A majority of our option contracts require a non-refundable cash deposit or irrevocable letter of credit based 
on a percentage of the purchase price of the land. In determining whether to walk-away from an option contract, we 
evaluate the option primarily based upon the expected cash flows from the property under option. 

Our investments in option contracts are recorded at cost unless those investments are determined to be impaired, 

in which case our investments are written down to fair value. We review option contracts for indicators of impairment 
during each reporting period. The most significant indicator of impairment is a decline in the fair value of the optioned 
property such that the purchase and development of the optioned property would no longer meet our targeted return on 

61

investment with appropriate consideration given to the length of time available to exercise the option. Such declines 
could be caused by a variety of factors including increased competition, decreases in demand or changes in local 
regulations that adversely impact the cost of development. Changes in any of these factors would cause us to re-evaluate 
the likelihood of exercising our land options.

If we intend to walk-away from an option contract, we record a charge to earnings in the period such decision is 

made for the deposit amount and any related pre-acquisition costs associated with the option contract.

We believe that the accounting related to inventory valuation and impairment is a critical accounting policy 

because: (1) assumptions inherent in the valuation of our inventory are highly subjective and susceptible to change and 
(2) the impact of recognizing impairments on our inventory has been and could continue to be material to our 
consolidated financial statements. Our evaluation of inventory impairment, as discussed above, includes many 
assumptions. The critical assumptions include the timing of the home sales within a community, management’s 
projections of selling prices and costs and the discount rate applied to estimate the fair value of the homesites within a 
community on the balance sheet date. Our assumptions on the timing of home sales are critical because the homebuilding 
industry has historically been cyclical and sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as interest rates, credit 
availability, unemployment levels and consumer sentiment. Changes in these economic conditions could materially affect 
the projected sales price, costs to develop the homesites and/or absorption rate in a community. Our assumptions on 
discount rates are critical because the selection of a discount rate affects the estimated fair value of the homesites within 
a community. A higher discount rate reduces the estimated fair value of the homesites within the community, while a 
lower discount rate increases the estimated fair value of the homesites within a community. Because of changes in 
economic and market conditions and assumptions and estimates required of management in valuing inventory during 
changing market conditions, actual results could differ materially from management’s assumptions and may require 
material inventory impairment charges to be recorded in the future.

Product Warranty

Although we subcontract virtually all aspects of construction to others and our contracts call for the 

subcontractors to repair or replace any deficient items related to their trades, we are primarily responsible to homebuyers 
to correct any deficiencies. Additionally, in some instances, we may be held responsible for the actions of or losses 
incurred by subcontractors. Warranty and similar reserves for homes are established at an amount estimated to be 
adequate to cover potential costs for materials and labor with regard to warranty-type claims expected to be incurred 
subsequent to the delivery of a home. Reserves are determined based upon historical data and trends with respect to 
similar product types and geographical areas. We believe the accounting estimate related to the reserve for warranty costs 
is a critical accounting estimate because the estimate requires a large degree of judgment.

At November 30, 2017, the reserve for warranty costs was $164.6 million, which included $16.0 million of 
adjustments to pre-existing warranties from changes in estimates during the current year primarily related to specific 
claims related to certain of our homebuilding communities and other adjustments as well as $6.3 million of warranties 
assumed related to the WCI acquisition. While we believe that the reserve for warranty costs is adequate, there can be no 
assurances that historical data and trends will accurately predict our actual warranty costs. Additionally, there can be no 
assurances that future economic or financial developments might not lead to a significant change in the reserve.

Lennar Homebuilding and Lennar Multifamily Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

We strategically invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land (1) for our homebuilding 

operations or for sale to third parties, (2) for construction of homes for sale to third-party homebuyers or (3) for the 
construction and sale of multifamily rental properties. Our Lennar Homebuilding partners generally are unrelated 
homebuilders, land owners/developers and financial or other strategic partners. Our Lennar Multifamily partners are all 
financial partners.

Most of the unconsolidated entities through which we acquire and develop land are accounted for by the equity 
method of accounting because we are not the primary beneficiary or a de-facto agent, and we have a significant, but less 
than controlling, interest in the entities. We record our investments in these entities in our consolidated balance sheets as 
"Lennar Homebuilding or Lennar Multifamily Investments in Unconsolidated Entities" and our pro-rata share of the 
entities’ earnings or losses in our consolidated statements of operations as "Lennar Homebuilding or Lennar Multifamily 
Equity in Earnings (Loss) from Unconsolidated Entities," as described in Note 5 and Note 10 of the notes to our 
consolidated financial statements. For most unconsolidated entities, we generally have the right to share in earnings and 
distributions on a pro-rata basis based upon ownership percentages. However, certain Lennar Homebuilding 
unconsolidated entities and all of our Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities provide for a different allocation of 
profit and cash distributions if and when cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a 
specified internal rate of return). Advances to these entities are included in the investment balance.

62

Management looks at specific criteria and uses its judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary 

of, or have a controlling interest in, an unconsolidated entity. Factors considered in determining whether we have 
significant influence or we have control include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of the other 
partners, voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions and continuing involvement. The 
accounting policy relating to the use of the equity method of accounting is a critical accounting policy due to the 
judgment required in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary or have control or significant influence.

As of November 30, 2017, we believe that the equity method of accounting is appropriate for our investments in 

unconsolidated entities where we are not the primary beneficiary and we do not have a controlling interest, but rather 
share control with our partners. At November 30, 2017, the Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we 
had investments had total assets of $5.8 billion and total liabilities of $1.6 billion. At November 30, 2017, the Lennar 
Multifamily unconsolidated entities in which we had investments had total assets of $3.0 billion and total liabilities of 
$1.1 billion.

We evaluate the long-lived assets in unconsolidated entities for indicators of impairment during each reporting 

period. A series of operating losses of an investee or other factors may indicate that a decrease in the fair value of our 
investment in the unconsolidated entity below its carrying amount has occurred which is other-than-temporary. The 
amount of impairment recognized is the excess of the investment’s carrying amount over its estimated fair value.

The evaluation of our investment in unconsolidated entities includes certain critical assumptions: (1) projected 
future distributions from the unconsolidated entities, (2) discount rates applied to the future distributions and (3) various 
other factors.

Our assumptions on the projected future distributions from unconsolidated entities are dependent on market 
conditions. Specifically, distributions are dependent on cash to be generated from the sale of inventory by the Lennar 
Homebuilding unconsolidated entities or operating assets by the Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities. Such long-
lived assets are also reviewed for potential impairment by the unconsolidated entities. The unconsolidated entities 
generally also use a discount rate of between 10% and 20% in their reviews for impairment, subject to the perceived 
risks associated with the community’s cash flow streams relative to its inventory. If a valuation adjustment is recorded by 
an unconsolidated entity related to its assets, our proportionate share is reflected in our Lennar Homebuilding or Lennar 
Multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities with a corresponding decrease to our Lennar 
Homebuilding or Lennar Multifamily investment in unconsolidated entities. We believe our assumptions on the projected 
future distributions from the unconsolidated entities are critical because the operating results of the unconsolidated 
entities from which the projected distributions are derived are dependent on the status of the homebuilding industry, 
which has historically been cyclical and sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as interest rates, credit 
availability, unemployment levels and consumer sentiment. Changes in these economic conditions could materially affect 
the projected operational results of the unconsolidated entities from which the distributions are derived.

Additionally, we evaluate if a decrease in the value of an investment below its carrying amount is other than-
temporary. This evaluation includes certain critical assumptions made by management and other factors such as age of 
the venture, intent and ability for us to recover our investment in the entity, financial condition and long-term prospects 
of the unconsolidated entity, short-term liquidity needs of the unconsolidated entity, trends in the general economic 
environment of the land, entitlement status of the land held by the unconsolidated entity, overall projected returns on 
investments, defaults under contracts with third parties (including bank debt), recoverability of the investment through 
future cash flows and relationships with the other partners and banks. If the decline in the fair value of the investment is 
other-than-temporary, then these losses are included in Lennar Homebuilding other income, net or Lennar Multifamily 
costs and expenses.

We believe our assumptions on discount rates are critical accounting policies because the selection of the 
discount rates affects the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. A higher discount rate 
reduces the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities, while a lower discount rate increases the 
estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. Because of changes in economic conditions, actual 
results could differ materially from management’s assumptions and may require material valuation adjustments to our 
investments in unconsolidated entities to be recorded in the future.

Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities

GAAP requires the consolidation of VIEs in which an enterprise has a controlling financial interest. A 

controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE 
that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that 
could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be 
significant to the VIE.

63

Our variable interest in VIEs may be in the form of (1) equity ownership, (2) contracts to purchase assets, 

(3) management services and development agreements between us and a VIE, (4) loans provided by us to a VIE or other 
partner and/or (5) guarantees provided by members to banks and other third parties. We examine specific criteria and use 
our judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Factors considered in determining whether 
we are the primary beneficiary include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of other partner(s), 
voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a VIE’s executive committee, 
existence of unilateral kick-out rights or voting rights, level of economic disproportionality between us and the other 
partner(s) and contracts to purchase assets from VIEs.

Generally, all major decision making in our joint ventures is shared among all partners. In particular, business 
plans and budgets are generally required to be unanimously approved by all partners. Usually, management and other 
fees earned by us are nominal and believed to be at market and there is no significant economic disproportionality 
between us and other partners. Generally, we purchase less than a majority of the JV’s assets and the purchase prices 
under our option contracts are believed to be at market.

Generally, our unconsolidated entities become VIEs and consolidate when the other partner(s) lack the intent 

and financial wherewithal to remain in the entity. As a result, we continue to fund operations and debt paydowns through 
partner loans or substituted capital contributions. The accounting policy relating to variable interest entities is a critical 
accounting policy because the determination of whether an entity is a VIE and, if so, whether we are primary beneficiary 
may require us to exercise significant judgment.

Lennar Financial Services Operations

Revenue Recognition

Title premiums on policies issued directly by us are recognized as revenue on the effective date of the title 

policies and escrow fees and loan origination revenues are recognized at the time the related real estate transactions are 
completed, usually upon the close of escrow. Revenues from title policies issued by independent agents are recognized as 
revenue when notice of issuance is received from the agent, which is generally when cash payment is received by us. 
Expected gains and losses from the sale of loans and their related servicing rights are included in the measurement of all 
written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings at the time of commitment. Interest 
income on loans held-for-sale and loans held-for-investment is recognized as earned over the terms of the mortgage loans 
based on the contractual interest rates. We believe that the accounting policy related to revenue recognition is a critical 
accounting policy because of the significance of revenue.

Loan Origination Liabilities

Substantially all of the loans our Lennar Financial Services segment originates are sold within a short period in 
the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. After the loans are sold, we retain potential 
liability for possible claims by purchasers that we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and 
warranties related to loan sales. Over the last several years there has been an industry-wide effort by purchasers to defray 
their losses by purporting to have found inaccuracies related to sellers’ representations and warranties in particular loan 
sale agreements. A number of claims of that type have been brought against us. We do not believe these claims will have 
a material adverse effect on our business.

Our mortgage operations have established reserves for possible losses associated with mortgage loans 

previously originated and sold to investors. We establish reserves for such possible losses based upon, among other 
things, an analysis of repurchase requests received, an estimate of potential repurchase claims not yet received and actual 
past repurchases and losses through the disposition of affected loans, as well as previous settlements. While we believe 
that we have adequately reserved for known losses and projected repurchase requests, given the volatility in the 
mortgage industry and the uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, if either actual repurchases or the 
losses incurred resolving those repurchases exceed our expectations, additional recourse expense may be incurred. This 
allowance requires management’s judgment and estimates. For these reasons, we believe that the accounting estimate 
related to the loan origination losses is a critical accounting estimate.

Rialto Operations

Management Fee Revenue

Our Rialto segment provides services to a variety of legal entities and investment vehicles such as funds, joint 
ventures, co-invests, and other private equity structures to manage their respective investments. As a result, Rialto earns 
and receives management fees, underwriting fees and due diligence fees. These fees are included in Rialto revenues and 
are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is reasonably 
assured. Rialto receives investment management fees from investment vehicles based on 1) a percentage of committed or 
called capital during the commitment period and called capital after the commitment period ends and 2) a percentage of 

64

invested capital less the portion of such invested capital utilized to acquire investments that have been sold (in whole or 
in part) or liquidated. Fees earned for underwriting and due diligence services are based on actual costs incurred. In 
certain situations, Rialto may earn additional fees when the return on assets managed exceeds contractually established 
thresholds. Such revenue is only booked when the contract terms are met, the contract is at, or near, completion and the 
amounts are known and collectability is reasonably assured. Since such revenue is recognized during the latter half of the 
life of the investment vehicle, after substantially all of the assets have been sold and investment gains and losses realized, 
the possibility of claw backs is limited. In addition, Rialto may also receive tax distributions in order to cover income tax 
obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income due to Rialto's carried interests in the Funds. These distributions 
are not subject to clawbacks and therefore are recorded as revenue when received. 

We believe the way we record Rialto management fee revenue is a significant accounting policy because it 

represents a significant portion of our Rialto segment's revenues and is expected to continue to grow in the future as the 
segment manages more assets.

Rialto Mortgage Finance - Loans Held-for-Sale

The originated mortgage loans are classified as loans held-for-sale and are recorded at fair value. We elected the 

fair value option for RMF's loans held-for-sale in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments, which permits 
entities to measure various financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on a contract-by-contract basis. 
Changes in fair values of the loans are reflected in Rialto revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of 
operations. Interest income on these loans is calculated based on the interest rate of the loan and is recorded in Rialto 
revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Substantially all of the mortgage loans originated 
are sold within a short period of time in securitizations on a servicing released, non-recourse basis; although, we remain 
liable for certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties related to loan sales. We recognize revenue on 
the sale of loans into securitization trusts when control of the loans has been relinquished. 

We believe this is a critical accounting policy due to the significant judgment involved in estimating the fair 

values of loans held-for-sale during the period between when the loans are originated and the time the loans are sold and 
because of its significance to our Rialto segment.

Real Estate Owned

REO represents real estate that our Rialto segment has taken control, or has effective control of, in partial or full 
satisfaction of loans receivable. At the time of acquisition of a property through foreclosure of a loan, REO is recorded at 
fair value less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale or at fair value if classified as held-and-used, which 
becomes the property’s new basis. The fair values of these assets are determined in part by placing reliance on third-party 
appraisals of the properties and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on comparable properties in the 
proximate vicinity. The third-party appraisals and internally developed analyses are significantly impacted by the local 
market economy, market supply and demand, competitive conditions and prices on comparable properties, adjusted for 
anticipated date of sale, location, property size, and other factors. Each REO is unique and is analyzed in the context of 
the particular market where the property is located. In order to establish the significant assumptions for a particular REO, 
we analyze historical trends, including trends achieved by our local homebuilding operations, if applicable, and current 
trends in the market and economy impacting the REO. Using available trend information, we then calculate our best 
estimate of fair value, which can include projected cash flows discounted at a rate we believe a market participant would 
determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams.

Changes in economic factors, consumer demand and market conditions, among other things, could materially 

impact estimates used in the third-party appraisals and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on 
comparable properties. Thus, estimates can differ significantly from the amounts ultimately realized by our Rialto 
segment from disposition of these assets. The amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is less than the 
REO’s fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale), is recorded as an unrealized gain on foreclosure in our 
consolidated statement of operations. The amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is greater than the REO’s 
fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale) is recorded as a provision for loan losses in our consolidated 
statement of operations.

Subsequent to obtaining REO via foreclosure or directly from a financial institution, management periodically 

performs valuations using the methodologies described above such that the real estate is carried at the lower of its 
carrying value or current fair value, less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale. Held-and-used assets are 
tested for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and 
impairment losses are recorded for any amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Any subsequent 
impairment losses, operating expenses or income, and gains and losses on disposition of such properties are also 
recognized in Rialto other income (expense), net. REO assets classified as held-and-used are depreciated using a useful 
life of forty years for commercial properties and twenty seven and a half years for residential properties. REO assets 
classified as held-for-sale are not depreciated. Occasionally, an asset will require certain improvements to yield a higher 
return. Construction costs incurred prior to acquisition or during development of the asset may be capitalized. 

65

We believe that the accounting related to REO is a critical accounting policy because of the significant 
judgment required in the third-party appraisals and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices of 
comparable properties in the proximate vicinity used to estimate the fair value of REOs.

Consolidations of Variable Interest Entities

In 2010, our Rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two LLCs, in 

partnership with the FDIC. We determined that each of the LLCs met the definition of a VIE and we were the primary 
beneficiary. In accordance with ASC 810-10-65-2, Consolidations, ("ASC 810-10-65-2"), we identified the activities that 
most significantly impact the LLCs’ economic performance and determined that we have the power to direct those 
activities. The economic performance of the LLCs is most significantly impacted by the performance of the LLCs’ 
portfolios of assets, which consist primarily of distressed residential and commercial mortgage loans. Thus, the activities 
that most significantly impact the LLCs’ economic performance are the servicing and disposition of mortgage loans and 
real estate obtained through foreclosure of loans, restructuring of loans, or other planned activities associated with the 
monetizing of loans.

The FDIC does not have the unilateral power to terminate our role in managing the LLCs and servicing the loan 

portfolios. While the FDIC has the right to prevent certain types of transactions (i.e., bulk sales, selling assets with 
recourse back to the selling entity, selling assets with representations and warranties and financing the sales of assets 
without the FDIC’s approval), the FDIC does not have full voting or blocking rights over the LLCs’ activities, making 
their voting rights protective in nature, not substantive participating voting rights. Other than as described in the 
preceding sentence, which are not the primary activities of the LLCs, we can cause the LLCs to enter into both the 
disposition and restructuring of loans without any involvement of the FDIC. Additionally, the FDIC has no voting rights 
with regard to the operation/management of the operating properties that are acquired upon foreclosure of loans (e.g. 
REO) and no voting rights over the business plans of the LLCs. The FDIC can make suggestions regarding the business 
plans, but we can decide not to follow the FDIC’s suggestions and not to incorporate them in the business plans. Since 
the FDIC’s voting rights are protective in nature and not substantive participating voting rights, we have the power to 
direct the activities that most significantly impact the LLCs’ economic performance.

In accordance with ASC 810-10-65-2, we determined that we had an obligation to absorb losses of the LLCs 
that could potentially be significant to the LLCs or the right to receive benefits from the LLCs that could potentially be 
significant to the LLCs based on the following factors:

•  Rialto/Lennar owns 40% of the equity of the LLCs and has the power to direct the activities of the LLCs 
that most significantly impact their economic performance through loan resolutions and the sale of REO.

•  Rialto/Lennar has a management/servicer contract under which we earn a 0.5% servicing fee.
•  Rialto/Lennar has guaranteed, as the servicer, its obligations under the servicing agreement up to $10 

million.

We are aware that the FDIC, as the owner of 60% of the equity of each of the LLCs, may also have an 

obligation to absorb losses of the LLCs that could potentially be significant to the LLCs. However, in accordance with 
ASC 810-10-25-38A, only one enterprise, if any, is expected to be identified as the primary beneficiary of a VIE.

Since both criteria for consolidation in ASC 810-10-65-2 are met, we consolidated the LLCs. We believe that 
our assessment that we are the primary beneficiary of the LLCs is a critical accounting policy because of the significant 
judgment required in evaluating all of the key factors and circumstances in determining the primary beneficiary.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We are exposed to a number of market risks in the ordinary course of business. Our primary market risk 

exposure relates to fluctuations in interest rates on our investments, loans held-for-sale, loans held-for-investment and 
outstanding variable rate debt. 

For fixed rate debt, such as our senior notes, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair value of the debt 
instrument, but not our earnings or cash flows. For variable rate debt such as our unsecured revolving credit facility and 
Lennar Financial Services’ and Rialto’s warehouse repurchase facilities, changes in interest rates generally do not affect 
the fair value of the outstanding borrowings on the debt facilities, but do affect our earnings and cash flows. 

In our Lennar Financial Services operations, we utilize mortgage backed securities forward commitments, 

option contracts and investor commitments to protect the value of rate-locked commitments and loans held-for-sale from 
fluctuations in mortgage-related interest rates.

To mitigate interest risk associated with Rialto’s loans held-for-sale, we use derivative financial instruments to 

hedge our exposure to risk from the time a borrower locks a loan until the time the loan is securitized. We hedge our 
interest rate exposure through entering into interest rate swap futures. We also manage a portion of our credit exposure 
by buying protection within the CMBX and CDX markets.

66

We do not enter into or hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.
The table below provides information at November 30, 2017 about our significant instruments that are sensitive 

to changes in interest rates. For loans held-for-investment, net and investments held-to-maturity, senior notes and other 
debts payable and notes and other debts payable, the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted average 
effective interest rates by expected maturity dates and estimated fair values at November 30, 2017. Weighted average 
variable interest rates are based on the variable interest rates at November 30, 2017. 

See Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and 

Notes 1 and 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for a further discussion of these items and 
our strategy of mitigating our interest rate risk.

Information Regarding Interest Rate Sensitivity

Principal (Notional) Amount by

Expected Maturity and Average Interest Rate

November 30, 2017

 
(Dollars in millions)
ASSETS
Rialto:
Investments held-to-maturity:

2018

Years Ending November 30,
2019

2020

2021

2022

Thereafter

Total

2017

Fair Value at
November 30,

Fixed rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .

—
—

—
—

19.5
4.0%

—
—

—
—

160.1

2.7%

179.6

3.4%

199.2
—

32.9
2.5%
0.1
3.4%

19.7
2.3%
0.1
3.4%

8.8
2.3%
0.1
3.4%

2.2
5.2%
0.1
3.4%

1.4
4.8%
0.1
3.4%

28.5
4.3%
2.5
3.4%

93.5
3.1%
3.0
3.4%

91.1
—
2.9
—

Lennar Financial Services:
Loans held-for-investment, net

and investments held-to-
maturity:
Fixed rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .
Variable rate . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .

LIABILITIES
Lennar Homebuilding:
Senior notes and other debts

payable:
Fixed rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .
Variable rate . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .

Rialto:
Notes and other debts payable:

357.6

1,477.9

5.7%
—
—

4.4%
4.1
4.9%

345.8

2.7%
25.3
4.4%

Fixed rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .
Variable rate . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .

Lennar Financial Services:
Notes and other debts payable:

1.7
6.2%

182.2

3.8%

350.0

6.2%
—
—

Variable rate . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average interest rate . . . . . .

937.3

3.6%

0.1
4.0%

—
—
—
—

—
—

67

523.0

1,192.3

2,511.4

6,408.0

4.6%
11.1
3.4%

1.1
3.3%
—
—

—
—

4.4%
—
—

11.4
3.3%
—
—

4.7%
—
—

4.5%
40.5
4.1%

86.9
3.3%
—
—

451.1

5.3%

182.2

3.8%

—
—

—
—

937.4

3.6%

6,593.9
—
43.4
—

462.4
—
182.2
—

937.4
—

Item 8. 
Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lennar Corporation
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lennar Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lennar Corporation and subsidiaries (the 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lennar Corporation and subsidiaries (the 

"Company") as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations and 
"Company") as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations and 
comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2017. 
comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2017. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement 
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position 

of Lennar Corporation and subsidiaries as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, and the results of their operations and their 
of Lennar Corporation and subsidiaries as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, and the results of their operations and their 
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles 
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America.
generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 

(United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2017, based on the criteria 
(United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2017, based on the criteria 
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of the Treadway Commission and our report dated January 24, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s 
of the Treadway Commission and our report dated January 24, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s 
internal control over financial reporting.
internal control over financial reporting.

Certified Public Accountants
Certified Public Accountants
Miami, Florida
Miami, Florida
January 24, 2018
January 24, 2018

68
68

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

November 30, 2017 and 2016 
November 30, 2017 and 2016 

2017 (1)

2016 (1)

(Dollars in thousands)

2017 (1)

2016 (1)

(Dollars in thousands)

ASSETS
ASSETS

Lennar Homebuilding:
Lennar Homebuilding:

2,282,925
8,740
2,282,925
137,667
8,740
137,667
4,676,279
5,791,338
4,676,279
393,273
5,791,338
10,860,890
393,273
900,769
10,860,890
136,566
900,769
863,404
136,566
15,190,961
863,404
1,689,508
15,190,961
1,153,840
1,689,508
710,725
1,153,840
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18,745,034
710,725
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18,745,034

Cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
1,050,138
5,977
Restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
1,050,138
106,976
Receivables, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,977
Restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
106,976
Receivables, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,951,716
Finished homes and construction in progress . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,106,191
Land and land under development. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,951,716
Finished homes and construction in progress . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
121,019
Consolidated inventory not owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,106,191
Land and land under development. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9,178,926
Total inventories. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
121,019
Consolidated inventory not owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
811,723
Investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9,178,926
Total inventories. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
811,723
Investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
651,028
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
11,804,768
651,028
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,754,672
11,804,768
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,276,210
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,754,672
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
526,131
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,276,210
15,361,781
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
526,131
15,361,781
(1)  Under certain provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 810, Consolidations, ("ASC 810") the Company is 
required to separately disclose on its consolidated balance sheets the assets of consolidated variable interest entities ("VIEs") that 
(1)  Under certain provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 810, Consolidations, ("ASC 810") the Company is 
are owned by the consolidated VIEs and liabilities of consolidated VIEs as to which there is no recourse against the Company.
required to separately disclose on its consolidated balance sheets the assets of consolidated variable interest entities ("VIEs") that 
are owned by the consolidated VIEs and liabilities of consolidated VIEs as to which there is no recourse against the Company.
As of November 30, 2017, total assets include $799.4 million related to consolidated VIEs of which $15.8 million is included in 
Lennar Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents, $0.2 million in Lennar Homebuilding receivables, net, $53.2 million in Lennar 
As of November 30, 2017, total assets include $799.4 million related to consolidated VIEs of which $15.8 million is included in 
Homebuilding finished homes and construction in progress, $229.0 million in Lennar Homebuilding land and land under 
Lennar Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents, $0.2 million in Lennar Homebuilding receivables, net, $53.2 million in Lennar 
development, $393.3 million in Lennar Homebuilding consolidated inventory not owned, $4.6 million in Lennar Homebuilding 
Homebuilding finished homes and construction in progress, $229.0 million in Lennar Homebuilding land and land under 
investments in unconsolidated entities, $11.8 million in Lennar Homebuilding other assets, $48.8 million in Rialto assets and 
development, $393.3 million in Lennar Homebuilding consolidated inventory not owned, $4.6 million in Lennar Homebuilding 
$42.7 million in Lennar Multifamily assets.
investments in unconsolidated entities, $11.8 million in Lennar Homebuilding other assets, $48.8 million in Rialto assets and 
$42.7 million in Lennar Multifamily assets.
As of November 30, 2016, total assets include $536.3 million related to consolidated VIEs of which $13.3 million is included in 
Lennar Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents, $0.2 million in Lennar Homebuilding receivables, net, $54.2 million in Lennar 
As of November 30, 2016, total assets include $536.3 million related to consolidated VIEs of which $13.3 million is included in 
Homebuilding finished homes and construction in progress, $106.3 million in Lennar Homebuilding land and land under 
Lennar Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents, $0.2 million in Lennar Homebuilding receivables, net, $54.2 million in Lennar 
development, $121.0 million in Lennar Homebuilding consolidated inventory not owned, $4.6 million in Lennar Homebuilding 
Homebuilding finished homes and construction in progress, $106.3 million in Lennar Homebuilding land and land under 
investments in unconsolidated entities, $13.9 million in Lennar Homebuilding other assets, $213.8 million in Rialto assets and 
development, $121.0 million in Lennar Homebuilding consolidated inventory not owned, $4.6 million in Lennar Homebuilding 
$8.8 million in Lennar Multifamily assets.
investments in unconsolidated entities, $13.9 million in Lennar Homebuilding other assets, $213.8 million in Rialto assets and 
$8.8 million in Lennar Multifamily assets.

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

69
69

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

November 30, 2017 and 2016 
November 30, 2017 and 2016 

2017 (2)

2016 (2)

(Dollars in thousands, except shares 

2017 (2)

2016 (2)

and per share amounts)

(Dollars in thousands, except shares 

and per share amounts)

Lennar Homebuilding:
Lennar Homebuilding:

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
604,953
380,720
Liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
604,953
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
6,410,003
Senior notes and other debts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
380,720
Liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,315,641
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6,410,003
Senior notes and other debts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8,711,317
1,315,641
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,177,814
8,711,317
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
720,056
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,177,814
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
149,715
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
720,056
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
10,758,902
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
149,715
Stockholders’ equity:
10,758,902
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Preferred stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stockholders’ equity:
Class A common stock of $0.10 par value per share; Authorized: 2017 and 2016 -
—
Preferred stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
20,543
300,000,000 shares; Issued: 2017 - 205,429,942 shares; 2016 - 204,089,447 shares .
Class A common stock of $0.10 par value per share; Authorized: 2017 and 2016 -
Class B common stock of $0.10 par value per share; Authorized: 2017 and 2016 -
20,543
300,000,000 shares; Issued: 2017 - 205,429,942 shares; 2016 - 204,089,447 shares .
3,769
90,000,000 shares, Issued: 2017 - 37,687,505 shares; 2016 - 32,982,815 shares . . . .
Class B common stock of $0.10 par value per share; Authorized: 2017 and 2016 -
3,142,013
Additional paid-in capital. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,769
90,000,000 shares, Issued: 2017 - 37,687,505 shares; 2016 - 32,982,815 shares . . . .
4,840,978
Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,142,013
Additional paid-in capital. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Treasury stock, at cost; 2017 - 1,473,590 shares of Class A common stock and
4,840,978
Retained earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,679,650 shares of Class B common stock; 2016 - 917,449 shares of Class A
Treasury stock, at cost; 2017 - 1,473,590 shares of Class A common stock and
(136,020)
common stock and 1,679,620 shares of Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,679,650 shares of Class B common stock; 2016 - 917,449 shares of Class A
1,034
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(136,020)
common stock and 1,679,620 shares of Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,872,317
1,034
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
113,815
Total stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,872,317
Total equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,986,132
113,815
Noncontrolling interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities and equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18,745,034
Total equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,986,132
Total liabilities and equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18,745,034

478,546
110,006
478,546
4,575,977
110,006
841,449
4,575,977
6,005,978
841,449
1,318,283
6,005,978
707,980
1,318,283
117,973
707,980
8,150,214
117,973
8,150,214
—
—
20,409
20,409
3,298
2,805,349
3,298
4,306,256
2,805,349
4,306,256
(108,961)
(309)
(108,961)
7,026,042
(309)
185,525
7,026,042
7,211,567
185,525
15,361,781
7,211,567
15,361,781
(2)  As of November 30, 2017, total liabilities include $389.7 million related to consolidated VIEs as to which there was no recourse 
against the Company, of which $5.0 million is included in Lennar Homebuilding accounts payable, $380.7 million in Lennar 
(2)  As of November 30, 2017, total liabilities include $389.7 million related to consolidated VIEs as to which there was no recourse 
Homebuilding liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned, $1.8 million in Lennar Homebuilding other liabilities and 
against the Company, of which $5.0 million is included in Lennar Homebuilding accounts payable, $380.7 million in Lennar 
$2.2 million in Rialto liabilities.
Homebuilding liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned, $1.8 million in Lennar Homebuilding other liabilities and 
$2.2 million in Rialto liabilities.
As of November 30, 2016, total liabilities include $126.4 million related to consolidated VIEs as to which there was no recourse 
against the Company, of which $3.6 million is included in Lennar Homebuilding accounts payable, $110.0 million in Lennar 
As of November 30, 2016, total liabilities include $126.4 million related to consolidated VIEs as to which there was no recourse 
Homebuilding liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned, $2.5 million in Lennar Homebuilding other liabilities, 
against the Company, of which $3.6 million is included in Lennar Homebuilding accounts payable, $110.0 million in Lennar 
$10.3 million in Rialto liabilities.
Homebuilding liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned, $2.5 million in Lennar Homebuilding other liabilities, 
$10.3 million in Rialto liabilities.

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

70
70

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

2017
2017

2016
2016

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

2015
2015

Revenues:
Revenues:

Costs and expenses:
Costs and expenses:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 11,200,242
770,109
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 11,200,242
281,243
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
770,109
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
394,771
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
281,243
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12,646,365
Total revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
394,771
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12,646,365
Total revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9,752,269
Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
614,585
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9,752,269
Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
247,549
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
614,585
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
407,078
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
247,549
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
285,889
Corporate general and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
407,078
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
11,307,370
Total costs and expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
285,889
Corporate general and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
11,307,370
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated
Total costs and expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(61,708)
entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated
22,774
Lennar Homebuilding other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(61,708)
entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(140,000)
Lennar Homebuilding loss due to litigation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
22,774
Lennar Homebuilding other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
25,447
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(140,000)
Lennar Homebuilding loss due to litigation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(81,636)
Rialto other income (expense), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
25,447
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
85,739
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . .
(81,636)
Rialto other income (expense), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,189,611
Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
85,739
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . .
(417,857)
Provision for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,189,611
Net earnings (including net earnings (loss) attributable to
(417,857)
Provision for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
771,754
noncontrolling interests). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings (including net earnings (loss) attributable to
(38,726)
Less: Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . .
771,754
noncontrolling interests). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
810,480
Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(38,726)
Less: Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
810,480
1,331
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
1,331
12
1,343
12
811,823
1,343
811,823
(38,726)
3.38
(38,726)
3.38
3.38
3.38

8,466,945
620,527
8,466,945
221,923
620,527
164,613
221,923
9,474,008
164,613
9,474,008
7,264,839
492,732
7,264,839
222,875
492,732
191,302
222,875
216,244
191,302
8,387,992
216,244
8,387,992
63,373
6,162
63,373
—
6,162
22,293
—
12,254
22,293
19,518
12,254
1,209,616
19,518
(390,416)
1,209,616
(390,416)
819,200
16,306
819,200
802,894
16,306
802,894
(65)
(65)
(26)
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(91)
(26)
Total comprehensive income attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
802,803
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(91)
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling
Total comprehensive income attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
802,803
   interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
16,306
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling
Basic earnings per share (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
3.78
   interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
16,306
Diluted earnings per share (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
3.39
Basic earnings per share (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
3.78
Diluted earnings per share (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
3.39
(1) Basic and diluted average shares outstanding and earnings per share calculations have been adjusted to reflect 4.7 million 
(1) Basic and diluted average shares outstanding and earnings per share calculations have been adjusted to reflect 4.7 million 

9,741,337
687,255
9,741,337
233,966
687,255
287,441
233,966
10,949,999
287,441
10,949,999
8,399,881
523,638
8,399,881
229,769
523,638
301,786
229,769
232,562
301,786
9,687,636
232,562
9,687,636
(49,275)
52,751
(49,275)
—
52,751
18,961
—
(39,850)
18,961
85,519
(39,850)
1,330,469
85,519
(417,378)
1,330,469
(417,378)
913,091
1,247
913,091
911,844
1,247
911,844
(295)
(295)
(53)
(348)
(53)
911,496
(348)
911,496
1,247
4.05
1,247
3.86
4.05
3.86

Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustments for (gains) loss included in net
Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale . . . . . . . . .
    earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustments for (gains) loss included in net
    earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Class B shares distributed as a part of the stock dividend on November 27, 2017.
Class B shares distributed as a part of the stock dividend on November 27, 2017.

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

71
71

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY
LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015

2017
2017

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Class A common stock:
Class A common stock:

Retained earnings:
Retained earnings:

Class B common stock:
Class B common stock:

Additional paid-in capital:
Additional paid-in capital:

Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
20,409
134
Employee stock and director plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
20,409
Conversion of convertible senior notes to shares of Class A common
134
Employee stock and director plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Conversion of convertible senior notes to shares of Class A common
20,543
stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
20,543
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,298
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
471
Stock dividends - Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,298
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,769
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
471
Stock dividends - Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3,769
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,805,349
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,086
Employee stock and director plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,805,349
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax benefit from employee stock plans, vesting of restricted stock
2,086
Employee stock and director plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
35,543
and conversion of convertible senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax benefit from employee stock plans, vesting of restricted stock
61,356
Amortization of restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
35,543
and conversion of convertible senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Conversion of convertible senior notes to shares of Class A common
61,356
Amortization of restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Conversion of convertible senior notes to shares of Class A common
stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stock dividends - Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
237,679
3,142,013
Stock dividends - Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
237,679
3,142,013
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4,306,256
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
810,480
Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4,306,256
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(32,600)
Cash dividends - Class A common stock ($0.16 per share) . . . . . . . .
810,480
Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(5,008)
Cash dividends - Class B common stock ($0.16 per share) . . . . . . . .
(32,600)
Cash dividends - Class A common stock ($0.16 per share) . . . . . . . .
(238,150)
Stock dividends - Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(5,008)
Cash dividends - Class B common stock ($0.16 per share) . . . . . . . .
4,840,978
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(238,150)
Stock dividends - Class B common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4,840,978
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(108,961)
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(27,059)
Employee stock and directors plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(108,961)
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(136,020)
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(27,059)
Employee stock and directors plans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(136,020)
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(309)
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,343
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(309)
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,034
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,343
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,872,317
1,034
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,872,317
185,525
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(38,726)
Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. . . . . . . . .
185,525
Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,786
Receipts related to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(38,726)
Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. . . . . . . . .
(74,372)
Payments related to noncontrolling interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,786
Receipts related to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Non-cash distributions to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(74,372)
Payments related to noncontrolling interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
37,292
Non-cash consolidations (deconsolidations), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Non-cash distributions to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,690)
Non-cash purchase or activity of noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . .
37,292
Non-cash consolidations (deconsolidations), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
113,815
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,690)
Non-cash purchase or activity of noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7,986,132
113,815
Balance at November 30, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7,986,132

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):

Noncontrolling interests:
Noncontrolling interests:

Treasury stock, at cost:
Treasury stock, at cost:

2016
2016

18,066
124
18,066
124
2,219
20,409
2,219
20,409
3,298
—
3,298
3,298
—
3,298
2,305,560
1,487
2,305,560
1,487
45,803
55,516
45,803
55,516
396,983
396,983
—
2,805,349
—
2,805,349
3,429,736
911,844
3,429,736
(30,315)
911,844
(5,009)
(30,315)
—
(5,009)
4,306,256
—
4,306,256
(107,755)
(1,206)
(107,755)
(108,961)
(1,206)
(108,961)
39
(348)
39
(309)
(348)
7,026,042
(309)
7,026,042
301,128
1,247
301,128
353
1,247
(127,410)
353
(5,033)
(127,410)
12,478
(5,033)
2,762
12,478
185,525
2,762
7,211,567
185,525
7,211,567

2015
2015

17,424
122
17,424
122
520
18,066
520
18,066
3,298
—
3,298
3,298
—
3,298
2,239,574
1,451
2,239,574
1,451
21,313
43,742
21,313
43,742
(520)
(520)
—
2,305,560
—
2,305,560
2,660,034
802,894
2,660,034
(28,183)
802,894
(5,009)
(28,183)
—
(5,009)
3,429,736
—
3,429,736
(93,440)
(14,315)
(93,440)
(107,755)
(14,315)
(107,755)
130
(91)
130
39
(91)
5,648,944
39
5,648,944
424,282
16,306
424,282
1,296
16,306
(133,374)
1,296
—
(133,374)
(13,253)
—
5,871
(13,253)
301,128
5,871
5,950,072
301,128
5,950,072

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

72
72

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015
2017
2017

Cash flows from operating activities:
Net earnings (including net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests) . . $
Cash flows from operating activities:
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating
Net earnings (including net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests) . . $
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating

Changes in assets and liabilities:
Changes in assets and liabilities:

activities:
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
activities:
Amortization of discount/premium on debt, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of discount/premium on debt, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Share-based compensation expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefits from share-based awards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Share-based compensation expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income tax expense (benefit). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefits from share-based awards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on retirement of debt and notes payable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income tax expense (benefit). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on sale of operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on retirement of debt and notes payable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrealized and realized gains on real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on sale of operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on sale of other assets (investment carried at cost) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrealized and realized gains on real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impairments of loans receivable and real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on sale of other assets (investment carried at cost) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation adjustments and write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs,
Impairments of loans receivable and real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
other receivables and other assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation adjustments and write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs,
other receivables and other assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decrease in restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decrease (increase) in receivables. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decrease in restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase in inventories, excluding valuation adjustments and write-offs of
Decrease (increase) in receivables. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
option deposits and pre-acquisition costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase in inventories, excluding valuation adjustments and write-offs of
Increase in other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
option deposits and pre-acquisition costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Increase) decrease in loans held-for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase in other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase in accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Increase) decrease in loans held-for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase in accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Increase) decrease in restricted cash related to investments or LOCs. . . . . . . . . . . .
Net additions to operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Increase) decrease in restricted cash related to investments or LOCs. . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from the sale of operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net additions to operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in and contributions to unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from the sale of operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in and contributions to unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sales of real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Improvements to real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sales of real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receipts of principal payments on loans held-for-sale. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Improvements to real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receipts of principal payments on loans receivable and other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receipts of principal payments on loans held-for-sale. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases of loans receivable and real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receipts of principal payments on loans receivable and other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Originations of loans receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases of loans receivable and real estate owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchase of investment carried at cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Originations of loans receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sale of other assets (investment carried at cost) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchase of investment carried at cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases of commercial mortgage-backed securities bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sale of other assets (investment carried at cost) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sale of commercial mortgage-backed securities bonds . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases of commercial mortgage-backed securities bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sale of commercial mortgage-backed securities bonds . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases of Lennar Homebuilding investments available-for-sale. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sales of Lennar Homebuilding investments available-for-sale. . . . . .
Purchases of Lennar Homebuilding investments available-for-sale. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decrease (increase) in Lennar Financial Services held-for-investment, net. . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sales of Lennar Homebuilding investments available-for-sale. . . . . .
Purchases of Lennar Financial Services investment securities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decrease (increase) in Lennar Financial Services held-for-investment, net. . . . . . . .
Proceeds from maturities/sales of Lennar Financial Services investment securities .
Purchases of Lennar Financial Services investment securities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from maturities/sales of Lennar Financial Services investment securities .

Cash flows from investing activities:
Cash flows from investing activities:

Net cash used in investing activities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Net cash used in investing activities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

771,754
771,754

66,324
11,312
66,324
(49,478)
11,312
137,669
(49,478)
61,356
137,669
(1,981)
61,356
91,050
(1,981)
—
91,050
(10,339)
—
(5,119)
(10,339)
(2,450)
(5,119)
97,786
(2,450)
97,786
16,339
16,339
14,490
253,111
14,490
253,111
(661,494)
(44,535)
(661,494)
(105,600)
(44,535)
356,669
(105,600)
996,864
356,669
996,864
(18,000)
(111,773)
(18,000)
60,326
(111,773)
(430,304)
60,326
207,327
(430,304)
86,565
207,327
(1,294)
86,565
11,251
(1,294)
165,413
11,251
(148)
165,413
(98,375)
(148)
—
(98,375)
3,610
—
(107,262)
3,610
—
(107,262)
(611,103)
—
—
(611,103)
—
—
(14,257)
—
(53,558)
(14,257)
41,765
(53,558)
(869,817)
41,765
(869,817)

2016
2016

(In thousands)
(In thousands)
913,091
913,091

50,219
14,619
50,219
(55,205)
14,619
101,965
(55,205)
55,516
101,965
(7,039)
55,516
97,485
(7,039)
1,569
97,485
(14,457)
1,569
(21,380)
(14,457)
—
(21,380)
45,201
—
45,201
11,283
11,283
9,716
(260,844)
9,716
(260,844)
(503,527)
(41,933)
(503,527)
90,093
(41,933)
21,432
90,093
507,804
21,432
507,804
—
(76,439)
—
25,288
(76,439)
(425,761)
25,288
323,190
(425,761)
97,871
323,190
(1,906)
97,871
—
(1,906)
84,433
—
(548)
84,433
(56,507)
(548)
—
(56,507)
—
—
(42,436)
—
—
(42,436)
(725)
—
—
(725)
541
—
963
541
(37,764)
963
23,963
(37,764)
(85,837)
23,963
(85,837)

2015
2015

819,200
819,200

43,666
19,874
43,666
(105,184)
19,874
60,753
(105,184)
43,873
60,753
(113)
43,873
(5,637)
(113)
3,632
(5,637)
(5,945)
3,632
(36,380)
(5,945)
—
(36,380)
25,179
—
25,179
31,002
31,002
20,876
(86,432)
20,876
(86,432)
(1,126,907)
(28,154)
(1,126,907)
(318,739)
(28,154)
225,790
(318,739)
(419,646)
225,790
(419,646)
2,030
(91,355)
2,030
73,732
(91,355)
(314,937)
73,732
218,996
(314,937)
155,295
218,996
(8,477)
155,295
—
(8,477)
28,389
—
(3,228)
28,389
(78,703)
(3,228)
(18,000)
(78,703)
—
(18,000)
(13,973)
—
7,014
(13,973)
—
7,014
(28,093)
—
—
(28,093)
(5,022)
—
(45,687)
(5,022)
23,626
(45,687)
(98,393)
23,626
(98,393)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

73
73

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015
2017
2017

Cash flows from financing activities:
Cash flows from financing activities:

(199,684)
Net (repayments) borrowings under warehouse facilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
2,450,000
Proceeds from senior notes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(199,684)
Net (repayments) borrowings under warehouse facilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(28,590)
Debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,450,000
Proceeds from senior notes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,058,595)
Redemption of senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(28,590)
Debt issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Conversions and exchanges on convertible senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1,058,595)
Redemption of senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
99,630
Proceeds from Rialto notes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Conversions and exchanges on convertible senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(24,964)
Principal payments on Rialto notes payable including structured notes . . . . . . . . . .
99,630
Proceeds from Rialto notes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
31,230
Proceeds from other borrowings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(24,964)
Principal payments on Rialto notes payable including structured notes . . . . . . . . . .
195,541
Proceeds from other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
31,230
Proceeds from other borrowings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(139,725)
Principal payments on other borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
195,541
Proceeds from other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,786
Receipts related to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(139,725)
Principal payments on other borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(74,372)
Payments related to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,786
Receipts related to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,981
Excess tax benefits from share-based awards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(74,372)
Payments related to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock:
1,981
Excess tax benefits from share-based awards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
720
Issuances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock:
(27,054)
Repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
720
Issuances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(37,608)
Dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(27,054)
Repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,194,296
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(37,608)
Dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,321,343
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,194,296
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,329,529
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,321,343
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2,650,872
1,329,529
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2,650,872
Lennar Homebuilding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2,282,925
241,861
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2,282,925
117,410
Lennar Financial Services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
241,861
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8,676
Lennar Multifamily. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
117,410
Lennar Financial Services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$ 2,650,872
8,676
Lennar Multifamily. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$ 2,650,872
89,485
199,557
89,485
199,557

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Cash paid for income taxes, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Cash paid for income taxes, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Summary of cash and cash equivalents:
Summary of cash and cash equivalents:

2016
2016

(In thousands)
(In thousands)
107,465
499,024
107,465
(4,740)
499,024
(250,000)
(4,740)
(234,028)
(250,000)
—
(234,028)
(39,026)
—
37,163
(39,026)
—
37,163
(210,968)
—
353
(210,968)
(127,410)
353
7,039
(127,410)
7,039
19,471
(19,902)
19,471
(35,324)
(19,902)
(250,883)
(35,324)
171,084
(250,883)
1,158,445
171,084
1,329,529
1,158,445
1,329,529
1,050,138
148,827
1,050,138
123,964
148,827
6,600
123,964
1,329,529
6,600
1,329,529
66,570
374,731
66,570
374,731

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities:
Lennar Homebuilding and Lennar Multifamily:
Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities:
Lennar Homebuilding and Lennar Multifamily:

Purchases of inventories, land under development and other assets financed by
sellers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Purchases of inventories, land under development and other assets financed by
Net non-cash contributions to unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
sellers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Conversion of convertible senior notes to equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Net non-cash contributions to unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Inventory acquired in satisfaction of other assets including investments available-
Conversion of convertible senior notes to equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Inventory acquired in satisfaction of other assets including investments available-
Inventory acquired in partner buyout . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Non-cash sale of operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Inventory acquired in partner buyout . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Non-cash sale of operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Real estate owned acquired in satisfaction/partial satisfaction of loans receivable . . $
Real estate owned acquired in satisfaction/partial satisfaction of loans receivable . . $
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating properties and equipment and other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating properties and equipment and other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Rialto:
Rialto:
Consolidation/deconsolidation of unconsolidated/consolidated entities, net:
Consolidation/deconsolidation of unconsolidated/consolidated entities, net:

279,323
62,618
279,323
—
62,618
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,140
1,140
48,656
(1,716)
48,656
(9,692)
(1,716)
—
(9,692)
44
—
(37,292)
44
(37,292)

101,504
107,935
101,504
399,206
107,935
399,206
—
—
—
—
—
—
8,476
8,476
111,347
—
111,347
(2,445)
—
(96,424)
(2,445)
—
(96,424)
(12,478)
—
(12,478)

2015
2015

366,290
1,146,647
366,290
(11,807)
1,146,647
(500,000)
(11,807)
(212,107)
(500,000)
—
(212,107)
(58,923)
—
101,618
(58,923)
—
101,618
(258,108)
—
1,296
(258,108)
(133,374)
1,296
113
(133,374)
113
9,405
(23,188)
9,405
(33,192)
(23,188)
394,670
(33,192)
(123,369)
394,670
1,281,814
(123,369)
1,158,445
1,281,814
1,158,445
893,408
150,219
893,408
106,777
150,219
8,041
106,777
1,158,445
8,041
1,158,445
87,132
336,796
87,132
336,796

66,819
205,327
66,819
—
205,327
—
28,093
64,440
28,093
(59,397)
64,440
(59,397)
17,248
17,248
—
(17,421)
—
2,948
(17,421)
—
2,948
1,220
—
13,253
1,220
13,253

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

74
74

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lennar Corporation and all 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 

Revenues from sales of homes are recognized when the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowner, 

Revenues from sales of homes are recognized when the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowner, 

Basis of Consolidation
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
subsidiaries, partnerships and other entities in which Lennar Corporation has a controlling interest and VIEs (see Note 
Basis of Consolidation
16) in which Lennar Corporation is deemed the primary beneficiary (the "Company"). The Company’s investments in 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lennar Corporation and all 
both unconsolidated entities in which a significant, but less than controlling, interest is held and in VIEs in which the 
subsidiaries, partnerships and other entities in which Lennar Corporation has a controlling interest and VIEs (see Note 
Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary are accounted for by the equity method. All intercompany 
16) in which Lennar Corporation is deemed the primary beneficiary (the "Company"). The Company’s investments in 
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
both unconsolidated entities in which a significant, but less than controlling, interest is held and in VIEs in which the 
Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary are accounted for by the equity method. All intercompany 
Use of Estimates
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
United States of America ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts 
Use of Estimates
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those 
estimates.
United States of America ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts 
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those 
Revenue Recognition
estimates.
the new homeowner’s initial and continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the home, 
Revenue Recognition
the new homeowner’s receivable is not subject to future subordination and the Company does not have a substantial 
continuing involvement with the new home. Revenues from sales of land are recognized when a significant down 
the new homeowner’s initial and continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the home, 
payment is received, the earnings process is complete, title passes and collectability of the receivable is reasonably 
the new homeowner’s receivable is not subject to future subordination and the Company does not have a substantial 
assured. See Lennar Financial Services, Rialto and Lennar Multifamily within this Note for disclosure of other revenue 
continuing involvement with the new home. Revenues from sales of land are recognized when a significant down 
recognition policies related to those segments.
payment is received, the earnings process is complete, title passes and collectability of the receivable is reasonably 
assured. See Lennar Financial Services, Rialto and Lennar Multifamily within this Note for disclosure of other revenue 
Advertising Costs
recognition policies related to those segments.
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were $47.0 million, $40.9 million and 
$47.9 million for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Advertising Costs
Share-Based Payments
$47.9 million for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Incentive Plan (the "Plans"), each of which provides for the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted 
Share-Based Payments
common stock ("nonvested shares") and other share based awards to officers, associates and directors. The exercise 
prices of stock options may not be less than the market value of the common stock on the date of the grant. Exercises are 
Incentive Plan (the "Plans"), each of which provides for the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted 
permitted in installments determined when options are granted. Each stock option will expire on a date determined at the 
common stock ("nonvested shares") and other share based awards to officers, associates and directors. The exercise 
time of the grant, but not more than ten years after the date of the grant. The Company accounts for stock option awards 
prices of stock options may not be less than the market value of the common stock on the date of the grant. Exercises are 
and nonvested share awards granted under the Plans based on the estimated grant date fair value.
permitted in installments determined when options are granted. Each stock option will expire on a date determined at the 
time of the grant, but not more than ten years after the date of the grant. The Company accounts for stock option awards 
Cash and Cash Equivalents
and nonvested share awards granted under the Plans based on the estimated grant date fair value.
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less 
to be cash equivalents. Due to the short maturity period of cash equivalents, the carrying amounts of these instruments 
Cash and Cash Equivalents
approximate their fair values. Cash and cash equivalents as of November 30, 2017 and 2016 included $569.8 million and 
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less 
$460.5 million, respectively, of cash held in escrow for approximately 3 days.
to be cash equivalents. Due to the short maturity period of cash equivalents, the carrying amounts of these instruments 
approximate their fair values. Cash and cash equivalents as of November 30, 2017 and 2016 included $569.8 million and 
Restricted Cash
$460.5 million, respectively, of cash held in escrow for approximately 3 days.
Lennar Homebuilding restricted cash consists of customer deposits on home sales held in restricted accounts 
until title transfers to the homebuyer, as required by the state and local governments in which the homes were sold, as 
Restricted Cash
well as funds on deposit to secure and support performance obligations. Rialto restricted cash primarily consisted of cash 
Lennar Homebuilding restricted cash consists of customer deposits on home sales held in restricted accounts 
set aside for future investments on behalf of a real estate investment trust that Rialto is a sub-advisor to. It also included 
until title transfers to the homebuyer, as required by the state and local governments in which the homes were sold, as 
upfront deposits and application fees Rialto Mortgage Finance ("RMF") receives before originating loans and is 
well as funds on deposit to secure and support performance obligations. Rialto restricted cash primarily consisted of cash 
recognized as income once the loan has been originated, as well as cash held in escrow by the Company’s loan servicer 
set aside for future investments on behalf of a real estate investment trust that Rialto is a sub-advisor to. It also included 
provider on behalf of customers and lenders and is disbursed in accordance with agreements between the transacting 
upfront deposits and application fees Rialto Mortgage Finance ("RMF") receives before originating loans and is 
parties.
recognized as income once the loan has been originated, as well as cash held in escrow by the Company’s loan servicer 
provider on behalf of customers and lenders and is disbursed in accordance with agreements between the transacting 
parties.

The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were $47.0 million, $40.9 million and 
The Company has share-based awards outstanding under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2016 Equity 

The Company has share-based awards outstanding under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2016 Equity 

75

75

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Inventories

Finished homes and construction in progress are included within inventories. Inventories are stated at cost 

unless the inventory within a community is determined to be impaired, in which case the impaired inventory is written 
down to fair value. Inventory costs include land, land development and home construction costs, real estate taxes, 
deposits on land purchase contracts and interest related to development and construction. Construction overhead and 
selling expenses are expensed as incurred. Homes held-for-sale are classified as inventories until delivered. Land, land 
development, amenities and other costs are accumulated by specific area and allocated to homes within the respective 
areas.

The Company reviews its inventory for indicators of impairment by evaluating each community during each 

reporting period. The inventory within each community is categorized as finished homes and construction in progress or 
land under development based on the development state of the community. There were 761 and 693 active communities, 
excluding unconsolidated entities, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. If the undiscounted cash flows 
expected to be generated by a community are less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recorded to write 
down the carrying amount of such community to its estimated fair value.

In conducting its review for indicators of impairment on a community level, the Company evaluates, among 

other things, the margins on homes that have been delivered, margins on homes under sales contracts in backlog, 
projected margins with regard to future home sales over the life of the community, projected margins with regard to 
future land sales and the estimated fair value of the land itself. The Company pays particular attention to communities in 
which inventory is moving at a slower than anticipated absorption pace and communities whose average sales price and/
or margins are trending downward and are anticipated to continue to trend downward. From this review, the Company 
identifies communities in which to assess if the carrying values exceed their undiscounted projected cash flows.

The Company estimates the fair value of its communities using a discounted cash flow model. The projected 
cash flows for each community are significantly impacted by estimates related to market supply and demand, product 
type by community, homesite sizes, sales pace, sales prices, sales incentives, construction costs, sales and marketing 
expenses, the local economy, competitive conditions, labor costs, costs of materials and other factors for that particular 
community. Every division evaluates the historical performance of each of its communities as well as current trends in 
the market and economy impacting the community and its surrounding areas. These trends are analyzed for each of the 
estimates listed above.

Each of the homebuilding markets in which the Company operates is unique, as homebuilding has historically 

been a local business driven by local market conditions and demographics. Each of the Company’s homebuilding 
markets has specific supply and demand relationships reflective of local economic conditions. The Company’s projected 
cash flows are impacted by many assumptions. Some of the most critical assumptions in the Company’s cash flow model 
are projected absorption pace for home sales, sales prices and costs to build and deliver homes on a community by 
community basis.

In order to arrive at the assumed absorption pace for home sales and the assumed sales prices included in the 

Company’s cash flow model, the Company analyzes its historical absorption pace and historical sales prices in the 
community and in other comparable communities in the geographical area. In addition, the Company considers internal 
and external market studies and places greater emphasis on more current metrics and trends, which generally include, but 
are not limited to, statistics and forecasts on population demographics and on sales prices in neighboring communities, 
unemployment rates and availability and sales prices of competing product in the geographical area where the 
community is located as well as the absorption pace realized in its most recent quarters and the sales prices included in 
the Company's current backlog for such communities.

Generally, if the Company notices a variation from historical results over a span of two fiscal quarters, the 

Company considers such variation to be the establishment of a trend and adjusts its historical information accordingly in 
order to develop assumptions on the projected absorption pace and sales prices in the cash flow model for a community.
In order to arrive at the Company’s assumed costs to build and deliver homes, the Company generally assumes 

a cost structure reflecting contracts currently in place with its vendors adjusted for any anticipated cost reduction 
initiatives or increases in cost structure. Those costs assumed are used in the cash flow model for the Company’s 
communities.

Since the estimates and assumptions included in the Company’s cash flow models are based upon historical 

results and projected trends, they do not anticipate unexpected changes in market conditions or strategies that may lead 
the Company to incur additional impairment charges in the future.

76

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The determination of fair value requires discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate the Company believes a 

market participant would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related 
estimated cash flow streams. The discount rate used in determining each asset’s fair value depends on the community’s 
projected life and development stage. The Company generally uses a discount rate of approximately 20%, subject to the 
perceived risks associated with the community’s cash flow streams relative to its inventory.

The Company estimates the fair value of inventory evaluated for impairment based on market conditions and 

assumptions made by management at the time the inventory is evaluated, which may differ materially from actual results 
if market conditions or assumptions change. For example, changes in market conditions and other specific developments 
or changes in assumptions may cause the Company to re-evaluate its strategy regarding previously impaired inventory, 
as well as inventory not currently impaired but for which indicators of impairment may arise if market deterioration 
occurs, and certain other assets that could result in further valuation adjustments and/or additional write-offs of option 
deposits and pre-acquisition costs due to abandonment of those options contracts.

As of November 30, 2017, the Company reviewed its communities for potential indicators of impairments and 
identified ten homebuilding communities with 630 homesites and a carrying value of $100.4 million as having potential 
indicators of impairment. For the year ended November 30, 2017, the Company recorded valuation adjustments of $7.9 
million on 473 homesites in seven communities with a carrying value of $13.9 million. 

As of November 30, 2016, the Company reviewed its communities for potential indicators of impairments and 
identified 11 homebuilding communities with 663 homesites and a carrying value of $180.9 million as having potential 
indicators of impairment. For the year ended November 30, 2016, the Company recorded no valuation adjustments.

The table below summarizes the most significant unobservable inputs used in the Company's discounted cash 

flow model to determine the fair value of its communities for which the Company recorded valuation adjustments during 
the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016:

Years ended November 30,

Unobservable inputs
Average selling price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $125,000 - $567,000
Absorption rate per quarter (homes) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4 - 10
20%

2017
Range

2016
Range

$158,000
3
12% - 20%

- $1,300,000
- 16

The Company also has access to land inventory through option contracts, which generally enables the Company 

to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated entities until it has determined 
whether to exercise its option.

A majority of the Company’s option contracts require a non-refundable cash deposit or irrevocable letter of 

credit based on a percentage of the purchase price of the land. The Company’s option contracts sometimes include price 
adjustment provisions, which adjust the purchase price of the land to its approximate fair value at the time of acquisition 
or are based on the fair value at the time of takedown.

In determining whether to walk away from an option contract, the Company evaluates the option primarily 

based upon its expected cash flows from the property under option. If the Company intends to walk away from an option 
contract, it records a charge to earnings in the period such decision is made for the deposit amount and any related pre-
acquisition costs associated with the option contract.

Some option contracts contain a predetermined take-down schedule for the optioned land parcels. However, in 

almost all instances, the Company is not required to purchase land in accordance with those take-down schedules. In 
substantially all instances, the Company has the right and ability to not exercise its option and forfeit its deposit without 
further penalty, other than termination of the option and loss of any unapplied portion of its deposit and pre-acquisition 
costs. Therefore, in substantially all instances, the Company does not consider the take-down price to be a firm 
contractual obligation. When the Company does not intend to exercise an option, it writes off any unapplied deposit and 
pre-acquisition costs associated with the option contract.

77

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Lennar Homebuilding and Lennar Multifamily Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

The Company evaluates the long-lived assets in unconsolidated entities for indicators of impairment during 

each reporting period. If a valuation adjustment is recorded by an unconsolidated entity related to its assets, the Company 
generally uses a discount rate between 10% and 20%, subject to the perceived risks associated with the community’s 
cash flow streams relative to its inventory or operating assets. The Company’s proportionate share of a valuation 
adjustment is reflected in the Company's Lennar Homebuilding or Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from 
unconsolidated entities with a corresponding decrease to its Lennar Homebuilding or Lennar Multifamily investment in 
unconsolidated entities. 

Additionally, the Company evaluates if a decrease in the value of an investment below its carrying value is 

other-than-temporary. This evaluation includes certain critical assumptions made by management: (1) projected future 
distributions from the unconsolidated entities, (2) discount rates applied to the future distributions and (3) various other 
factors, which include age of the venture, relationships with the other partners and banks, general economic market 
conditions, land status and liquidity needs of the unconsolidated entity. If the decline in the fair value of the investment is 
other-than-temporary, then these losses are included in Lennar Homebuilding other income, net or Lennar Multifamily 
costs and expenses.

The Company tracks its share of cumulative earnings and distributions of its joint ventures ("JVs"). For 
purposes of classifying distributions received from JVs in the Company’s consolidated statements of cash flows, 
cumulative distributions are treated as returns on capital to the extent of cumulative earnings and included in the 
Company’s consolidated statements of cash flows as operating activities. Cumulative distributions in excess of the 
Company’s share of cumulative earnings are treated as returns of capital and included in the Company’s consolidated 
statements of cash flows as cash from investing activities.

Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities

GAAP requires the consolidation of VIEs in which an enterprise has a controlling financial interest. A 

controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE 
that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that 
could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be 
significant to the VIE.

The Company’s variable interest in VIEs may be in the form of (1) equity ownership, (2) contracts to purchase 

assets, (3) management and development agreements between the Company and a VIE, (4) loans provided by the 
Company to a VIE or other partner and/or (5) guarantees provided by members to banks and other third parties. The 
Company examines specific criteria and uses its judgment when determining if it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. 
Factors considered in determining whether the Company is the primary beneficiary include risk and reward sharing, 
experience and financial condition of other partner(s), voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating 
decisions, representation on a VIE’s executive committee, existence of unilateral kick-out rights or voting rights, level of 
economic disproportionality, if any, between the Company and the other partner(s) and contracts to purchase assets from 
VIEs. The determination whether an entity is a VIE and, if so, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary may 
require it to exercise significant judgment.

Generally, all major decision making in the Company’s joint ventures is shared among all partners. In particular, 
business plans and budgets are generally required to be unanimously approved by all partners. Usually, management and 
other fees earned by the Company are nominal and believed to be at market and there is no significant economic 
disproportionality between the Company and other partners. Generally, the Company purchases less than a majority of 
the JV’s assets and the purchase prices under its option contracts are believed to be at market.

Generally, Lennar Homebuilding and Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities become VIEs and consolidate 

when the other partner(s) lack the intent and financial wherewithal to remain in the entity. As a result, the Company 
continues to fund operations and debt paydowns through partner loans or substituted capital contributions.

Operating Properties and Equipment

Operating properties and equipment are recorded at cost and are included in other assets in the consolidated 
balance sheets. The assets are depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. At the time 
operating properties and equipment are disposed of, the asset and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the 
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to earnings. The estimated useful life for operating 
properties is 30 years, for furniture, fixtures and equipment is two to ten years and for leasehold improvements is five 
years or the life of the lease, whichever is shorter. Operating properties are reviewed for possible impairment if there are 
indicators that their carrying amounts are not recoverable.

78

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Investment Securities

Investment securities are classified as available-for-sale unless they are classified as trading or held-to-maturity. 
Securities classified as trading are carried at fair value and unrealized holding gains and losses are recorded in earnings. 
Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Any unrealized holding gains or losses on available-for-sale 
securities are reported as accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss, which is a separate component of stockholders’ 
equity, net of tax, until realized. Securities classified as held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost because they are 
purchased with the intent and ability to hold to maturity.

At November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Lennar Financial Services segment had investment securities classified as 

held-to-maturity totaling $52.3 million and $42.0 million, respectively, which consist mainly of corporate debt 
obligations, U.S. government agency obligations, certificates of deposit and U.S. treasury securities that mature at 
various dates, mainly within five years. Also, at November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Lennar Financial Services segment 
had available-for-sale securities totaling $57.4 million and $53.6 million, respectively, which consist primarily of 
preferred stock and mutual funds. These investments available-for-sale are carried at fair value with changes recorded as 
a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).

In addition, at November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Rialto segment had investment securities classified as held-to-
maturity totaling $179.7 million and $71.3 million, respectively. The Rialto segment held-to-maturity securities consist 
of commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS"). 

At both November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had no investment securities classified as trading.

Interest and Real Estate Taxes

Interest and real estate taxes attributable to land and homes are capitalized as inventory costs while they are 

being actively developed. Interest related to homebuilding and land, including interest costs relieved from inventories, is 
included in costs of homes sold and costs of land sold. Interest expense related to the Lennar Financial Services 
operations is included in its costs and expenses.

During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, interest incurred by the Company’s homebuilding 

operations related to homebuilding debt was $290.3 million, $281.4 million and $288.5 million, respectively; interest 
capitalized into inventories was $283.2 million, $276.8 million and $276.1 million, respectively.

Interest expense was included in costs of homes sold, costs of land sold and other interest expense as follows:

(In thousands)
Interest expense in costs of homes sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Interest expense in costs of land sold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other interest expense (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Included in Lennar Homebuilding other income, net.

2017
260,650
9,995
7,164
277,809

2016
235,148
5,287
4,626
245,061

2015
205,200
2,493
12,454
220,147

Years Ended November 30,

Income Taxes

The Company records income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and 

liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial 
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and attributable to operating 
loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to 
apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. The effect on deferred tax 
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the changes are enacted. 
Interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is recognized in the financial statements as a component of income tax 
expense.

A reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required if, based on the 

available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish 
valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed each reporting period by the Company based on the consideration 
of all available positive and negative evidence using a "more-likely-than-not" standard with respect to whether deferred 
tax assets will be realized. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current 
and cumulative losses, actual earnings, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the 
Company’s experience with loss carryforwards not expiring unused and tax planning alternatives.

Based on the analysis of positive and negative evidence, the Company believed that there was enough positive 

evidence for the Company to conclude that it was more likely than not that the Company would realize the majority of its 

79

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

deferred tax assets. As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company's net deferred tax assets included a valuation 
allowance of $6.4 million and $5.8 million, respectively. See Note 11 for additional information.

Other Liabilities

Reflected within the consolidated balance sheets, the other liabilities balance as of November 30, 2017 and 

 
2016, included accrued interest payable, product warranty (as noted below), accrued bonuses, accrued wages and 
benefits, deferred income, customer deposits, income taxes payable, and other accrued liabilities. 

Product Warranty

Warranty and similar reserves for homes are established at an amount estimated to be adequate to cover 

potential costs for materials and labor with regard to warranty-type claims expected to be incurred subsequent to the 
delivery of a home. Reserves are determined based on historical data and trends with respect to similar product types and 
geographical areas. The Company regularly monitors the warranty reserve and makes adjustments to its pre-existing 
warranties in order to reflect changes in trends and historical data as information becomes available. Warranty reserves 
are included in Lennar Homebuilding other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The activity in the Company’s 
warranty reserve was as follows:

November 30,

(In thousands)
Warranty reserve, beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Warranties issued . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjustments to pre-existing warranties from changes in estimates (1) . . . . . . . . . .
Warranties assumed related to the WCI acquisition. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warranty reserve, end of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  The adjustments to pre-existing warranties from changes in estimates during the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016 

135,403
109,359
16,027
6,345
(102,515)
164,619

130,853
96,934
2,079
—
(94,463)
135,403

2017

2016

primarily related to specific claims in certain of the Company's homebuilding communities and other adjustments.

Self-Insurance

Certain insurable risks such as construction defects, general liability, medical and workers’ compensation are 

self-insured by the Company up to certain limits. Undiscounted accruals for claims under the Company’s self-insurance 
program are based on claims filed and estimates for claims incurred but not yet reported. The Company’s self-insurance 
reserve as of November 30, 2017 and 2016 was $90.2 million and $87.6 million of which $57.7 million and $57.4 
million, respectively, was included in Lennar Financial Services’ other liabilities as of November 30, 2017 and 2016. 
Amounts incurred in excess of the Company's self-insurance occurrence or aggregate retention limits are covered by 
insurance up to the Company's purchased coverage levels. The Company's insurance policies are maintained with highly-
rated underwriters for whom the Company believes counterparty default risk is not significant.

Earnings per Share

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings attributable to common stockholders by the 

weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential 
dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common 
stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in earnings of the Company.

All outstanding nonvested shares that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents that 

participate in undistributed earnings with common stock are considered participating securities and are included in 
computing earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula 
that determines earnings per share for each class of common stock and participating securities according to dividends or 
dividend equivalents and participation rights in undistributed earnings. The Company’s restricted common stock 
("nonvested shares") are considered participating securities.

Lennar Financial Services

Revenue Recognition

Title premiums on policies issued directly by the Company are recognized as revenue on the effective date of 

the title policies and escrow fees and loan origination revenues are recognized at the time the related real estate 
transactions are completed, usually upon the close of escrow. Revenues from title policies issued by independent agents 
are recognized as revenue when notice of issuance is received from the agent, which is generally when cash payment is 
received by the Company. Expected gains and losses from the sale of loans and their related servicing rights are included 

80

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings at the time of 
commitment. Interest income on loans held-for-sale and loans held-for-investment is recognized as earned over the terms 
of the mortgage loans based on the contractual interest rates.

Loans Held-for-Sale

Loans held-for-sale by the Lennar Financial Services segment, including the rights to service the mortgage 

loans, are carried at fair value and changes in fair value are reflected in earnings. Premiums and discounts recorded on 
these loans are presented as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the loans and are not amortized. Management 
believes carrying loans held-for-sale at fair value improves financial reporting by mitigating volatility in reported 
earnings caused by measuring the fair value of the loans and the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them 
without having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. 

In addition, the Lennar Financial Services segment recognizes the fair value of its rights to service a mortgage 

loan as revenue upon entering into an interest rate lock loan commitment with a borrower. The fair value of these 
servicing rights is included in Lennar Financial Services' other assets as of November 30, 2017 and 2016. Fair value of 
the servicing rights is determined based on values in the Company’s servicing sales contracts.

Provision for Losses

The Company establishes reserves for possible losses associated with mortgage loans previously originated and 

sold to investors based upon, among other things, an analysis of repurchase requests received, an estimate of potential 
repurchase claims not yet received and actual past repurchases and losses through the disposition of affected loans, as 
well as previous settlements. Loan origination liabilities are included in Lennar Financial Services’ liabilities in the 
consolidated balance sheets. The activity in the Company’s loan origination liabilities was as follows:

(In thousands)
Loan origination liabilities, beginning of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Provision for losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjustments to pre-existing provisions for losses from changes in estimates. . . . .
Payments/settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loan origination liabilities, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

November 30,

2017

2016

24,905
3,861
(4,440)
(1,783)
22,543

19,492
4,627
1,224
(438)
24,905

Loans Held-for-Investment, Net

Loans for which the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity consist of mortgage loans 
carried at the principal amount outstanding, net of unamortized discounts and allowance for loan losses. Discounts are 
amortized over the estimated lives of the loans using the interest method.

The Lennar Financial Services segment also provides an allowance for loan losses. The provision recorded and 
the adequacy of the related allowance is determined by management’s continuing evaluation of the loan portfolio in light 
of past loan loss experience, credit worthiness and nature of underlying collateral, present economic conditions and other 
factors considered relevant by the Company’s management. Anticipated changes in economic factors, which may 
influence the level of the allowance, are considered in the evaluation by the Company’s management when the likelihood 
of the changes can be reasonably determined. While the Company’s management uses the best information available to 
make such evaluations, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary as a result of future economic and other 
conditions that may be beyond management’s control.

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Lennar Financial Services segment, in the normal course of business, uses derivative financial instruments 

to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in mortgage-related interest rates. The segment uses mortgage-backed securities 
("MBS") forward commitments, option contracts, future contracts and investor commitments to protect the value of fixed 
rate-locked loan commitments and loans held-for-sale from fluctuations in mortgage-related interest rates. These 
derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value with the changes in fair value included in Lennar Financial 
Services revenues.

81

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Rialto

Management Fee Revenue

The Rialto segment provides services to a variety of legal entities and investment vehicles such as funds, joint 
ventures, co-invests, and other private equity structures to manage their respective investments. As a result, Rialto earns 
and receives management fees, underwriting fees and due diligence fees. These fees are included in Rialto revenues and 
are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is reasonably 
assured. Rialto receives investment management fees from investment vehicles based on 1) a percentage of committed or 
called capital during the commitment period and called capital after the commitment period ends and 2) a percentage of 
invested capital less the portion of such invested capital utilized to acquire investments that have been sold (in whole or 
in part) or liquidated. Fees earned for underwriting and due diligence services are based on actual costs incurred. In 
certain situations, Rialto may earn additional fees when the return on assets managed exceeds contractually established 
thresholds. Such revenue is only booked when the contract terms are met, the contract is at, or near, completion and the 
amounts are known and collectability is reasonably assured. Since such revenue is recognized during the latter half of the 
life of the investment vehicle, after substantially all of the assets have been sold and investment gains and losses realized, 
the possibility of claw backs is limited. In addition, Rialto may also receive tax distributions in order to cover income tax 
obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income due to Rialto's carried interests in the funds. These distributions 
are not subject to clawbacks and therefore are recorded as revenue when received.

Rialto Mortgage Finance - Loans Held-for-Sale

The originated mortgage loans are classified as loans held-for-sale and are recorded at fair value. The Company 

elected the fair value option for RMF's loans held-for-sale in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 
("ASC") 825, Financial Instruments, which permits entities to measure various financial instruments and certain other 
items at fair value on a contract-by-contract basis. Management believes that carrying loans held-for-sale at fair value 
improves financial reporting by mitigating volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring the fair value of the loans 
and the derivative instruments, which are also carried at fair value, used to economically hedge them without having to 
apply complex hedge accounting provisions. Changes in fair values of the loans are reflected in Rialto revenues in the 
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Interest income on these loans is calculated based on the interest 
rate of the loan and is recorded in Rialto revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
Substantially all of the mortgage loans originated are sold within a short period of time in a securitization on a servicing 
released, non-recourse basis; although, the Company remains liable for certain limited industry-standard representations 
and warranties related to loan sales. The Company recognizes revenue on the sale of loans into securitization trusts when 
control of the loans has been relinquished. In 2010, the Rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity 
interests in two limited liability companies ("LLCs") in partnership with the FDIC ("FDIC Portfolios"). The LLCs met 
the accounting definition of VIEs and since the Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary, the Company 
consolidated the LLCs. The Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary because it has the power to direct 
the activities of the LLCs that most significantly impact the LLCs' performance through Rialto's management and 
servicer contracts. In February 2017, the FDIC exercised its “clean-up call rights” under the Amended and Restated 
Limited Liability Company Agreement. As a result, Rialto had until July 10, 2017 to liquidate and sell the assets in the 
FDIC Portfolios. On July 10, 2017, Rialto and the FDIC entered into an agreement which extended the original 
agreement date to January 10, 2018. At November 30, 2017, the consolidated LLCs had total combined assets of $48.8 
million, which primarily included $23.8 million in cash, $20.0 million of real estate owned, net and $1.6 million of loans 
held-for-sale. As of January 11, 2018, (1) the FDIC can, at its discretion, sell any remaining assets, or (2) Rialto has the 
option to purchase the FDIC's interest in the portfolios. As of January 19, 2018, there were only four assets with a 
carrying value totaling $0.3 million which were not under contract to sell.

Real Estate Owned

Real estate owned ("REO") represents real estate that the Rialto segment has taken control in partial or full 

satisfaction of loans receivable. At the time of acquisition of a property through foreclosure of a loan, REO is recorded at 
fair value less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale or at fair value if classified as held-and-used, which 
becomes the property’s new basis. The fair values of these assets are determined in part by placing reliance on third-party 
appraisals of the properties and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on comparable properties in the 
proximate vicinity. The third-party appraisals and internally developed analyses are significantly impacted by the local 
market economy, market supply and demand, competitive conditions and prices on comparable properties, adjusted for 
anticipated date of sale, location, property size, and other factors. Each REO is unique and is analyzed in the context of 
the particular market where the property is located. In order to establish the significant assumptions for a particular REO, 
the Company analyzes historical trends, including trends achieved by the Company's local homebuilding operations, if 
applicable, and current trends in the market and economy impacting the REO. Using available trend information, the 
Company then calculates its best estimate of fair value, which can include projected cash flows discounted at a rate the 
Company believes a market participant would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the 

82

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

assets and related estimated cash flow streams. These methods use unobservable inputs to develop fair value for the 
Company’s REO. Due to the volume and variance of unobservable inputs, resulting from the uniqueness of each of the 
Company's REO, the Company does not use a standard range of unobservable inputs with respect to its evaluation of 
REO. However, for operating properties included within REO, the Company may also use estimated cash flows 
multiplied by a capitalization rate to determine the fair value of the property. Generally, the capitalization rates used to 
estimate fair value ranged from 8% to 12% and varied based on the location of the asset, asset type and occupancy rates 
for the operating properties.

Changes in economic factors, consumer demand and market conditions, among other things, could materially 

impact estimates used in the third-party appraisals and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on 
comparable properties. Thus, estimates can differ significantly from the amounts ultimately realized by the Rialto 
segment from disposition of these assets. The amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is less than the 
REO’s fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale), is recorded as an unrealized gain upon foreclosure in the 
Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is greater 
than the REO’s fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale) is recorded as a provision for loan losses in the 
Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

Additionally, REO includes real estate which Rialto has purchased directly from financial institutions. These 

REOs are recorded at cost or allocated cost if purchased in a bulk transaction.

Subsequent to obtaining REO via foreclosure or directly from a financial institution, management periodically 

performs valuations using the methodologies described above such that the real estate is carried at the lower of its 
carrying value or current fair value, less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale. Held-and-used assets are 
tested for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and 
impairment losses are recorded for any amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Any subsequent 
impairment losses, operating expenses or income, and gains and losses on disposition of such properties are also 
recognized in Rialto other income (expense), net. REO assets classified as held-and-used are depreciated using a useful 
life of forty years for commercial properties and twenty seven and a half years for residential properties. REO assets 
classified as held-for-sale are not depreciated. Occasionally an asset will require certain improvements to yield a higher 
return. In accordance with ASC 970-340-25, Real Estate, construction costs incurred prior to acquisition or during 
development of the asset may be capitalized. 

Derivative Instruments

The Rialto segment, in the normal course of business, uses derivative financial instruments on loans held-for-
sale in order to minimize its exposure to fluctuations in mortgage-related interest rates as well as lessen its credit risk. 
The segment hedges interest rate exposure by entering into interest rate swaps and swap futures. These derivative 
financial instruments are carried at fair value with derivative instruments in gain positions recorded in other assets while 
derivative instruments in loss positions are recorded in other liabilities.

Consolidations of Variable Interest Entities

In 2010, the Rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two limited liability 
companies ("LLCs"), in partnership with the FDIC. The Company determined that each of the LLCs met the definition 
of a VIE and that the Company was the primary beneficiary. In accordance with ASC 810-10-65-2, Consolidations, 
("ASC 810-10-65-2"), the Company identified the activities that most significantly impact the LLCs’ economic 
performance and determined that it has the power to direct those activities. The economic performance of the LLCs is 
most significantly impacted by the performance of the LLCs’ portfolios of assets, which consisted primarily of distressed 
residential and commercial mortgage loans. Thus, the activities that most significantly impact the LLCs’ economic 
performance are the servicing and disposition of mortgage loans and real estate obtained through foreclosure of loans, 
restructuring of loans, or other planned activities associated with the monetizing of loans. At November 30, 2017, these 
consolidated LLCs had total combined assets and liabilities of $48.8 million and $2.2 million, respectively. At 
November 30, 2016, these consolidated LLCs had total combined assets and liabilities of $213.8 million and $10.3 
million, respectively.

The FDIC does not have the unilateral power to terminate the Company’s role in managing the LLCs and 

servicing the loan portfolios. While the FDIC has the right to prevent certain types of transactions (i.e., bulk sales, selling 
assets with recourse back to the selling entity, selling assets with representations and warranties and financing the sales 
of assets without the FDIC’s approval), the FDIC does not have full voting or blocking rights over the LLCs’ activities, 
making their voting rights protective in nature, not substantive participating voting rights. Other than as described in the 
preceding sentence, which are not the primary activities of the LLCs, the Company can cause the LLCs to enter into both 
the disposition and restructuring of loans without any involvement of the FDIC. Additionally, the FDIC has no voting 
rights with regard to the operation/management of the operating properties that are acquired upon foreclosure of loans 
(e.g. REO) and no voting rights over the business plans of the LLCs. The FDIC can make suggestions regarding the 
business plans, but the Company can decide not to follow the FDIC’s suggestions and not to incorporate them in the 

83

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

business plans. Since the FDIC’s voting rights are protective in nature and not substantive participating voting rights, the 
Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the LLCs’ economic performance.

In accordance with ASC 810-10-65-2, the Company determined that it had an obligation to absorb losses of the 

LLCs that could potentially be significant to the LLCs or the right to receive benefits from the LLCs that could 
potentially be significant to the LLCs based on the following factors:

•  Rialto/Lennar owns 40% of the equity of the LLCs and has the power to direct the activities of the LLCs 
that most significantly impact their economic performance through loan resolutions and the sale of REO.
•  Rialto/Lennar has a management/servicer contract under which the Company earns a 0.5% servicing fee.
•  Rialto/Lennar has guaranteed, as the servicer, its obligations under the servicing agreement up to $10 

million.

The Company is aware that the FDIC, as the owner of 60% of the equity of each of the LLCs, may also have an 

obligation to absorb losses of the LLCs that could potentially be significant to the LLCs. However, in accordance with 
ASC 810-10-25-38A, only one enterprise, if any, is expected to be identified as the primary beneficiary of a VIE.
Since both criteria for consolidation in ASC 810-10-65-2 are met, the Company consolidated the LLCs.

Voting Interest Entities

Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP ("Fund I"), Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP ("Fund II"), Rialto Real Estate Fund III 

("Fund III"), Rialto Mezzanine Partners Fund, LP ("Mezzanine Fund") and the Rialto Credit Partnership, LP ("RCP") are 
unconsolidated entities and are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. They were determined to have the 
attributes of an investment company in accordance with ASC Topic 946, Financial Services – Investment Companies, the 
attributes of which are different from the attributes that would cause a company to be an investment company for 
purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940. As a result, Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund, and the RCP's 
assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value with increases/decreases in fair value recorded in their respective 
statements of operations, the Company’s share of which is recorded in the Rialto equity in earnings (loss) from 
unconsolidated entities financial statement line item. The Company determined that Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine 
Fund, and the RCP are not variable interest entities but rather voting interest entities due to the following factors:

•  The Company determined that Rialto’s general partner interest and all the limited partners’ interests qualify 

as equity investment at risk.

•  Based on the capital structure of Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund, and the RCP (100% 

capitalized via equity contributions), the Company was able to conclude that the equity investment at risk 
was sufficient to allow Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP to finance its activities 
without additional subordinated financial support.

•  The general partner and the limited partners in Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP, 

collectively, have full decision-making ability as they collectively have the power to direct the activities of 
Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP, since Rialto, in addition to being a general partner 
with a substantive equity investment in Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP, also 
provides services to Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP, under a management 
agreement and an investment agreement, which are not separable from Rialto’s general partnership 
interest.

• 

•  As a result of all these factors, the Company has concluded that the power to direct the activities of Fund I, 
Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund, and the RCP reside in its general partnership interest and thus with the 
holders of the equity investment at risk.
In addition, there are no guaranteed returns provided to the equity investors and the equity contributions 
are fully subjected to Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP's operational results, thus the 
equity investors absorb the expected negative and positive variability relative to Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, 
Mezzanine Fund and the RCP.
Finally, substantially all of the activities of Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP are not 
conducted on behalf of any individual investor or related group that has disproportionately few voting 
rights (i.e., on behalf of any individual limited partner).

• 

Having concluded that Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP are voting interest entities, the 
Company has evaluated the funds under the voting interest entity model to determine whether, as general partner, it has 
control over Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund and the RCP. The Company determined that it does not control 
Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund or the RCP as its general partner, because the unaffiliated limited partners 
have substantial kick-out rights and can remove Rialto as general partner at any time for cause or without cause through 
a simple majority vote of the limited partners or in the case of the RCP, and individual limited partner. In addition, there 
are no significant barriers to the exercise of these rights. As a result of determining that the Company does not control 

84

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, Mezzanine Fund or the RCP under the voting interest entity model, Fund I, Fund II, Fund III, 
Mezzanine Fund and the RCP are not consolidated in the Company’s financial statements.

Lennar Multifamily

Management Fees and General Contractor Revenue

The Lennar Multifamily segment provides management services with respect to the development, construction 

and property management of rental projects in joint ventures in which the Company has investments. As a result, the 
Lennar Multifamily segment earns and receives fees, which are generally based upon a stated percentage of development 
and construction costs and a percentage of gross rental collections. These fees are included in Lennar Multifamily 
revenue and are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is 
reasonably assured. In addition, the Lennar Multifamily provides general contractor services for the construction of some 
of its rental projects and recognizes the revenue over the period in which the services are performed under the percentage 
of completion method. 

New Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from 

Contracts with Customers, ("ASU 2014-09"). ASU 2014-09 provides a single comprehensive model for entities to use in 
accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, 
including industry-specific guidance. ASU 2014-09 will require an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers 
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be 
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This update creates a five-step model that requires entities to exercise 
judgment when considering the terms of the contract(s) which include (i) identifying the contract(s) with the customer, 
(ii) identifying the separate performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determining the transaction price, (iv) allocating 
the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and (v) recognizing revenue when each performance 
obligation is satisfied. In July 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date by one year and permitted early adoption of the 
standard, but not before the original effective date; therefore, ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company’s fiscal 
year beginning December 1, 2018 and subsequent interim periods. The Company has the option to apply the provisions 
of ASU 2014-09 either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative 
effect of applying this ASU recognized at the date of initial application. The Company is currently planning to adopt the 
modified retrospective method and is continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the 
Company's consolidated financial statements.

Subsequent to the issuance of ASU 2014-09, the FASB has issued several ASUs such as ASU 2016-08, Revenue 

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus 
Net), and ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and 
Practical Expedients among others. These ASUs do not change the core principle of the guidance stated in ASU 
2014-09, instead these amendments are intended to clarify and improve operability of certain topics included within the 
revenue standard. These ASUs will have the same effective date and transition requirements as ASU 2014-09. The 
Company is continuing to evaluate the method and impact the adoption of these ASUs and ASU 2014-09 will have on 
the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period 

Adjustments ("ASU 2015-16"). ASU 2015-16 requires an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that 
are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. 
ASU 2015-16 will be effective for the Company’s fiscal year beginning December 1, 2017 and subsequent interim 
periods. The adoption of ASU 2015-16 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial 
statements.

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments - Overall: Recognition and 

Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ("ASU 2016-01"). ASU 2016-01 modifies how entities 
measure equity investments and present changes in the fair value of financial liabilities. Under the new guidance, entities 
will have to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity 
method at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless the investments qualify for the new 
practicality exception. A practicality exception will apply to those equity investments that do not have a readily 
determinable fair value and do not qualify for the practical expedient to estimate fair value under ASC 820, Fair Value 
Measurements, and as such these investments may be measured at cost. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for the 
Company’s fiscal year beginning December 1, 2018 and subsequent interim periods. The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is 
not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases ("ASU 2016-02"), which provides guidance for 

accounting for leases. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to classify leases as either finance or operating leases and to record 
a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term greater than 12 months regardless of the lease 

85

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

classification. The lease classification will determine whether the lease expense is recognized based on an effective 
interest rate method or on a straight line basis over the term of the lease. Accounting for lessors remains largely 
unchanged from current GAAP. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company’s fiscal year beginning December 1, 
2019 and subsequent interim periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will 
have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, Investments- Equity Method and Joint Ventures: Simplifying the 
Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting ("ASU 2016-07"). ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement to apply the 
equity method of accounting retrospectively when a reporting entity obtains significant influence over a previously held 
investment. ASU 2016-07 will be effective for the Company’s fiscal year beginning December 1, 2017 and subsequent 
interim periods. The adoption of ASU 2016-07 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated 
financial statements.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): 

Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects 
related to the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, statutory tax 
withholding requirements and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the 
Company’s fiscal year beginning December 1, 2017 and subsequent interim periods. The adoption of ASU 2016-09 is 
not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement 
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ("ASU 2016-13"). ASU 2016-13 significantly changes the impairment model 
for most financial assets and certain other instruments. ASU 2016-13 will require immediate recognition of estimated 
credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of many financial assets, which will generally result in earlier 
recognition of allowances for credit losses on loans and other financial instruments. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the 
Company's fiscal year beginning December 1, 2020 and subsequent interim periods. The Company is currently 
evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on its consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain 
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ("ASU 2016-15"). ASU 2016-15 reduces the existing diversity in practice in financial 
reporting across all industries by clarifying certain existing principles in ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, including 
providing additional guidance on how and what an entity should consider in determining the classification of certain cash 
flows. Additionally, in November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Restricted 
Cash ("ASU 2016-18"). ASU 2016-18 clarifies certain existing principles in ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, 
including providing additional guidance related to transfers between cash and restricted cash and how entities present, in 
their statement of cash flows, the cash receipts and cash payments that directly affect the restricted cash accounts.  Both 
ASU 2016-15 and ASU 2016-18 will be effective for the Company’s fiscal year beginning December 1, 2018 and 
subsequent interim periods. The adoption of ASU 2016-15 will modify the Company's current disclosures and 
reclassifications within the consolidated statement of cash flows but is not expected to have a material effect on the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Clarifying the Definition 

of a Business ("ASU 2017-01"). ASU 2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business with the objective of addressing 
whether transactions involving in-substance nonfinancial assets, held directly or in a subsidiary, should be accounted for 
as acquisitions or disposals of nonfinancial assets or of businesses. ASU 2017-01 will be effective for the Company’s 
fiscal year beginning December 1, 2018 and subsequent interim periods. The adoption of ASU 2017-01 is not expected 
to have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350), Simplifying the 

Accounting for Goodwill Impairment ("ASU 2017-04"). ASU 2017-04 removes the requirement to perform a 
hypothetical purchase price allocation to measure goodwill impairment. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount 
by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. ASU 
2017-04 will be effective for the Company’s fiscal year beginning December 1, 2020. Early adoption is permitted for 
interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently 
evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2017-04 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

Reclassifications/Revisions

Certain prior year amounts in the consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the 

2017 presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

86

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

2. Business Acquisition

On October 29, 2017, the Company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”) entered 

into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (" CalAtlantic"), 
a Delaware corporation. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, CalAtlantic will be merged with 
and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving corporation (the “Merger”). CalAtlantic builds homes 
in over 43 metropolitan statistical areas spanning 19 states. CalAtlantic also provides mortgage, title and escrow services.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, CalAtlantic’s stockholders will receive 0.885 shares of the 

Company’s Class A common stock and 0.0177 shares of the Company's Class B common stock for each share of 
CalAtlantic’s common stock. However, the Company will pay $48.26 per share in cash for 24,083,091 of the shares of 
CalAtlantic common stock (the "Cash Election Option") in lieu of receiving the Company’s Class A and Class B 
common stock, which will total approximately $1.16 billion. The Cash Election Option will be subject to proration to the 
extent they exceed the maximum cash amount. No fractional shares of the Company’s Class A or Class B common stock 
will be issued in the Merger. Any holder of CalAtlantic’s common stock who would be entitled to receive a fraction of a 
share of the Company’s Class A or Class B common stock will instead receive cash equal to the market value of a share 
of such Class A common stock (based on the last sale price reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the last trading 
day before the closing date). On a pro forma basis, CalAtlantic stockholders are expected to own approximately 26% of 
the combined company. The transaction is expected to close in February 2018.

On February 10, 2017, the Company acquired WCI Communities, Inc. ("WCI") a homebuilder of luxury single 

and multifamily homes, including a small percentage of luxury high-rise tower units, with operations in Florida. WCI 
stockholders received 642.6 million in cash. The cash consideration was funded primarily from working capital and from 
proceeds from the issuance of 4.125% senior notes due 2022 (see Note 7). 

Based on an evaluation of the provisions of ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, ("ASC 805"), Lennar 

Corporation was determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes. The following table summarizes the provisional 
purchase price allocation based on the estimated fair value of net assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of 
acquisition, which are subject to change within a measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date 
pursuant to ASC 805. The purchase price allocation of WCI is provisional pending completion of the fair value analysis 
of acquired assets and liabilities assumed:

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and receivables, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Liabilities:
Accounts payable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Senior notes and other debts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total purchase price. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

42,079
613,495
59,283
156,566
88,147
66,173
1,025,743

26,735
282,793
73,593
383,121
642,622

87

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

(1)  Intangible assets include non-compete agreements and a trade name. The amortization period for these intangible assets was six 

months for the non-compete agreements and 20 years for the trade name.

(2)  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and it is not 

deductible for income tax purposes. As of the merger date, goodwill consisted primarily of purchasing and other synergies 
resulting from the merger, expected production, savings in corporate and division overhead costs and expected expanded 
opportunities for growth through a higher-end more luxurious product, greater presence in the state of Florida and customer 
diversity. The provisional amount of goodwill allocated to the Company's Homebuilding East segment was $136.6 million and to 
the Lennar Financial Services segment was $20.0 million. These provisional amounts were based on the relative fair value of 
each acquired reporting unit in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other.

For the year ended November 30, 2017, Lennar Homebuilding revenues included $494.7 million of home sales 

revenues from WCI and earnings before income taxes included $51.7 million of pre-tax earnings from WCI since the 
date of acquisition, which included transaction-related expenses of $28.1 million comprised mainly of severance costs, 
general and administrative expenses, and amortization expense related to non-compete agreements and trade name since 
the date of acquisition. These transaction expenses were included primarily within Lennar Homebuilding selling, general 
and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended November 30, 
2017. The pro forma effect of the acquisition on the results of operations is not presented as this acquisition was not 
considered material.

3. Operating and Reporting Segments

As of and for the year ended November 30, 2017, the Company’s operating segments are aggregated into 

reportable segments, based primarily upon similar economic characteristics, geography and product type. The 
Company’s reportable segments consist of:

(1)  Homebuilding East
(2)  Homebuilding Central
(3)  Homebuilding West
(4)  Lennar Financial Services
(5)  Rialto
(6)  Lennar Multifamily
Information about homebuilding activities in states which are not economically similar to other states in the 

same geographic area is grouped under "Homebuilding Other," which is not considered a reportable segment. 

Evaluation of segment performance is based primarily on operating earnings (loss) before income taxes. 
Operations of the Company’s homebuilding segments primarily include the construction and sale of single-family 
attached and detached homes, as well as the purchase, development and sale of residential land directly and through the 
Company’s unconsolidated entities. Operating earnings (loss) for the homebuilding segments consist of revenues 
generated from the sales of homes and land, equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities and other income 
(expense), net, less the cost of homes sold and land sold, selling, general and administrative expenses incurred by the 
segment and loss due to litigation. 

The Company’s reportable homebuilding segments and all other homebuilding operations not required to be 

reported separately, have homebuilding divisions located in:

East: Florida(1), Georgia, Maryland, New Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia
Central: Arizona, Colorado and Texas
West: California and Nevada
Other: Illinois, Minnesota, Oregon, Tennessee and Washington
(1) Florida includes information related to WCI from the date of acquisition (February 10, 2017) to November 30, 2017.
Operations of the Lennar Financial Services segment include primarily mortgage financing, title insurance and 

closing services for both buyers of the Company’s homes and others. It also includes a real estate brokerage business 
acquired as part of the WCI transaction. The Lennar Financial Services segment sells substantially all of the loans it 
originates within a short period in the secondary mortgage market, the majority of which are sold on a servicing released, 
non-recourse basis. After the loans are sold, the Company retains potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that 
it breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties in the loan sale agreements. Lennar Financial 
Services’ operating earnings consist of revenues generated primarily from mortgage financing, title insurance and closing 
services and commissions on realty estate brokerage, less the cost of such services and certain selling, general and 
administrative expenses incurred by the segment. The Lennar Financial Services segment operates generally in the same 
states as the Company’s homebuilding operations as well as in other states.

88

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Operations of the Rialto segment include raising, investing and managing third-party capital, originating and 

securitizing commercial mortgage loans as well as investing its own capital in real estate related mortgage loans, 
properties and related securities. Rialto utilizes its vertically-integrated investment and operating platform to underwrite, 
perform diligence, acquire, manage, workout and add value to diverse portfolios of real estate loans, properties and real 
estate related securities as well as providing strategic real estate capital. Rialto’s operating earnings consist of revenues 
generated primarily from gains from securitization transactions and interest income from the RMF business, interest 
income associated with portfolios of real estate loans acquired and other portfolios of real estate loans and assets 
acquired, asset management, due diligence and underwriting fees derived from the real estate investment funds managed 
by the Rialto segment, fees for sub-advisory services, other income (expense), net, and equity in earnings from 
unconsolidated entities, less the costs incurred by the segment for managing portfolios, costs related to RMF and other 
general and administrative expenses.

Operations of the Lennar Multifamily segment include revenues generated from land sales, revenue from 

construction activities and management fees generated from joint ventures, and equity in earnings from unconsolidated 
entities, less the cost of land sold, expenses related to construction activities and general and administrative expenses.

Each reportable segment follows the same accounting policies described in Note 1—"Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies" to the consolidated financial statements. Operational results of each segment are not necessarily 
indicative of the results that would have occurred had the segment been an independent, stand-alone entity during the 
periods presented.

Financial information relating to the Company’s operations was as follows:

(In thousands)
Assets:

2017

November 30,

2016

2015

Homebuilding East (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4,754,581
2,037,905
Homebuilding Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5,165,218
Homebuilding West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
960,541
Homebuilding Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,689,508
Lennar Financial Services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1,153,840
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
710,725
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2,272,716
Corporate and unallocated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $18,745,034

Lennar Homebuilding investments in unconsolidated entities:

Homebuilding East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding Central. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

68,670
25,220
791,995
14,884

3,512,990
1,993,403
4,318,924
907,523
1,754,672
1,276,210
526,131
1,071,928
15,361,781

62,900
36,031
696,471
16,321

3,140,604
1,902,581
4,157,616
858,000
1,425,837
1,505,500
415,352
1,014,019
14,419,509

40,573
35,925
649,170
15,883

Total Lennar Homebuilding investments in unconsolidated

entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
741,551
Rialto investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
224,869
Lennar Multifamily investments in unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . $
250,876
Lennar Homebuilding goodwill (2). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
—
Lennar Financial Services goodwill (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
38,854
Rialto goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
5,396
(1)  Homebuilding East segment includes the provisional fair values of homebuilding assets acquired as part of the WCI acquisition.
(2)  In connection with the WCI acquisition, the Company allocated $136.6 million of goodwill to the Lennar Homebuilding East 

900,769
265,418
407,544
136,566
59,838
5,396

811,723
245,741
318,559
—
39,838
5,396

reportable segment and $20.0 million to the Lennar Financial Services segment. These amounts are provisional pending 
completion of the fair value analysis of acquired assets and liabilities.

89

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

(In thousands)
Revenues:

Homebuilding East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding West. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4,612,565
2,509,292
3,197,174
881,211
770,109
281,243
394,771
Total revenues (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 12,646,365

Operating earnings (loss):

Homebuilding East (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding West (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto (4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily (5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total operating earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

483,684
269,462
403,935
111,958
155,524
(22,495)
73,432
1,475,500
285,889
1,189,611

3,941,336
2,283,579
2,757,658
758,764
687,255
233,966
287,441
10,949,999

617,175
245,975
396,346
85,436
163,617
(16,692)
71,174
1,563,031
232,562
1,330,469

3,563,678
1,944,312
2,365,519
593,436
620,527
221,923
164,613
9,474,008

580,863
208,698
435,818
46,262
127,795
33,595
(7,171)
1,425,860
216,244
1,209,616

(1)  Total revenues were net of sales incentives of $665.7 million ($22,700 per home delivered) for the year ended November 30, 

2017, $596.3 million ($22,500 per home delivered) for the year ended November 30, 2016 and $518.1 million ($21,400 per home 
delivered) for the year ended November 30, 2015.

(2)  Homebuilding East operating earnings for the year ended November 30, 2017 included a $140 million loss due to litigation (see 

Note 17).

(3)  For the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, Homebuilding West's operating earnings included an equity in loss from 

unconsolidated entities of $55.2 million and $49.7 million, respectively, refer to the following table for additional details.

(4)  For the year ended November 30, 2017, Rialto's operating loss included $96.2 million of gross REO and loan impairments ($44.7 
million net of noncontrolling interests) as Rialto liquidated most of the remaining assets of the FDIC portfolio. For the year ended 
November 30, 2016, Rialto's operating loss included a $16.0 million write-off of uncollectible receivables related to a hospital, 
which was acquired through the resolution of one of Rialto's loans from a 2010 portfolio.

(5)  For the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, Lennar Multifamily's operating earnings included $85.7 million, $85.5 
million and $19.5 million of equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities primarily as a result of $96.7 million, $91.0 million 
and $22.2 million, respectively, share of gains from the sale of seven, seven and two operating properties, respectively, by its 
unconsolidated entities.

90

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

(In thousands)
Lennar Homebuilding interest expense:

Homebuilding East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding West . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total Lennar Homebuilding interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Financial Services interest income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto interest expense. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Depreciation and amortization:

Homebuilding East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding West . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate and unallocated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Net additions to (disposals of) operating properties and equipment:

Homebuilding East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding West (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding Other (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate and unallocated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

100,288
55,212
103,100
19,209
277,809
13,331
42,004

19,922
11,007
22,741
4,772
9,992
5,194
2,910
51,142
127,680

2
(48)
13,912
29,927
11,185
4,115
12,657
40,023

Total net additions (disposals of) operating properties and

equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

111,773

Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated
entities:

Homebuilding East . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Homebuilding Central . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding West (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Homebuilding Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,413
(7,447)
(55,181)
(493)

92,541
48,879
87,293
16,348
245,061
12,388
40,303

18,713
10,328
19,437
4,562
7,667
7,590
2,472
34,966
105,735

(10,379)
2,385
24,438
26,727
6,218
1,908
1,666
12,645

65,608

(230)
401
(49,731)
285

94,425
41,280
70,397
14,045
220,147
13,547
43,127

16,877
9,881
17,683
4,477
6,100
7,758
1,110
23,522
87,408

316
(18)
(11,482)
(72,472)
3,306
9,382
2,147
27,466

(41,355)

118
75
62,960
220

Total Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from

unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . $
(1)  For the year ended November 30, 2017, net disposals of operating properties and equipment included the sale of an operating 

(61,708)
25,447
85,739

(49,275)
18,961
85,519

63,373
22,293
19,518

property with a basis of $47.0 million. For the year ended November 30, 2015, net disposals of operating properties and 
equipment included the sale of an operating property with a basis of $59.4 million.

(2)  For the year ended November 30, 2015, net disposals of operating properties and equipment included the sale of an operating 

property with a basis of $73.3 million.

(3)  For the year ended November 30, 2017, equity in loss included the Company's share of operational net losses from 

unconsolidated entities driven by general and administrative expenses and valuation adjustments, partially offset by profits from 
land sales. For the year ended November 30, 2016, equity in loss included the Company's share of costs associated with the 
FivePoint combination (described in Note 5) and operational net losses from the new FivePoint unconsolidated entity, totaling 
$42.6 million, partially offset by $12.7 million of equity in earnings primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties by one of 
the Company's unconsolidated entities.  For the year ended November 30, 2015, equity in earnings included $82.8 million of 
equity in earnings from one of the Company's unconsolidated entities.

91

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

4. Lennar Homebuilding Receivables

(In thousands)
Accounts receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Mortgage and notes receivable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Allowance for doubtful accounts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30,

2017

2016

59,733
80,602
140,335
(2,668)
137,667

67,296
39,788
107,084
(108)
106,976

At November 30, 2017 and 2016, Lennar Homebuilding accounts receivable related primarily to other 

receivables and rebates. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not 
require collateral for accounts receivable. Mortgages and notes receivable arising from the sale of homes and land are 
generally collateralized by the property sold to the buyer. Allowances are maintained for potential credit losses based on 
historical experience, present economic conditions and other factors considered relevant by the Company.

5. Lennar Homebuilding Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

Summarized condensed financial information on a combined 100% basis related to Lennar Homebuilding’s 

unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
Statements of Operations

(In thousands)
Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated

entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Years Ended November 30,

2017
471,899
616,217
23,253
(121,065)

2016
439,874
578,831
—
(138,957)

2015
1,309,517
969,509
49,343
389,351

(61,708)

(49,275)

63,373

For the year ended November 30, 2017, one of the Company’s unconsolidated entities had equity in earnings of 
$11.9 million relating to an equity method investee selling 475 homesites to a third-party land bank. Simultaneous with 
the purchase by the land bank, the Company entered into an option contract to purchase all 475 homesites from the land 
bank. Due to the Company’s continuing involvement with respect to the homesites sold from the investee entity, the 
Company deferred all of its equity in earnings from the unconsolidated entity relating to the sale transaction, which 
amounted to $4.9 million. 

For the year ended November 30, 2017, Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was 
primarily attributable to the Company's share of net operating losses from the Company's unconsolidated entities which 
were primarily driven by general and administrative expenses and valuation adjustments related to assets of Lennar 
Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, partially offset by the profits from land sales.

For the year ended November 30, 2016, Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities was 

primarily attributable to the Company's share of costs associated with the FivePoint combination and operational net 
losses from the new FivePoint unconsolidated entity, totaling $42.6 million. This was partially offset by $12.7 million of 
equity in earnings primarily due to sales of homesites to third parties by one of the Company's unconsolidated entities.
For the year ended November 30, 2015, Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings included $82.8 million of 
equity in earnings from one of the Company's unconsolidated entities primarily due to (1) sales of approximately 800 
homesites to a joint venture in which the Company has a 50% investment and for which the Company's portion of the 
gross profit from the sale was deferred, (2) sales of approximately 700 homesites and a commercial property to third 
parties and (3) a gain on debt extinguishment. In addition, for the year ended November 30, 2015, net earnings of 
unconsolidated entities included sales of approximately 300 homesites to Lennar by one of the Company's 
unconsolidated entities that resulted in $49.3 million of gross profit, of which the Company's portion was deferred.

92

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Balance Sheets

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Liabilities and equity:
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Debt (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

November 30,

2017

2016

953,261
3,751,525
1,061,507
5,766,293

832,151
737,331
4,196,811
5,766,293

221,334
3,889,795
1,334,116
5,445,245

791,245
888,664
3,765,336
5,445,245

(1)  Debt presented above is net of debt issuance costs of $5.7 million and $4.2 million, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, 

respectively. 

In May 2016, the Company contributed, or obtained the right to contribute, its investment in three strategic joint 

ventures previously managed by FivePoint Communities in exchange for an investment in a FivePoint entity. The fair 
values of the assets contributed to this FivePoint entity are included within the unconsolidated entities summarized 
condensed balance sheet presented above. A portion of the assets of one of the three strategic joint ventures transferred to 
a new unconsolidated entity was retained by Lennar and its venture partner. The transactions did not have a material 
impact to the Company’s financial position or cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2016. For the year ended 
November 30, 2016, the Company recorded $42.6 million of its share of combination costs and operational net losses 
associated with FivePoint in equity in loss from unconsolidated entities on the consolidated statement of operations.

In May 2017, FivePoint completed its initial public offering ("IPO"). Concurrent with the IPO, the Company 
invested an additional $100 million in FivePoint in a private placement. As of November 30, 2017, the Company owns 
approximately 40% of FivePoint and the carrying amount of the Company's investment is $359.2 million. 

As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company’s recorded investments in Lennar Homebuilding 

unconsolidated entities were $900.8 million and $811.7 million, respectively, while the underlying equity in Lennar 
Homebuilding unconsolidated entities partners’ net assets as of November 30, 2017 and 2016 was $1.3 billion and $1.2 
billion, respectively. The basis difference is primarily as a result of the Company contributing its investment in three 
strategic joint ventures with a higher fair value than book value for an investment in the FivePoint entity and deferring 
equity in earnings on land sales to the Company. The Company's recorded investments in Lennar Homebuilding 
unconsolidated entities included $33.3 million of assets held-for-sale.

During the year ended November 30, 2015, one of the Company's unconsolidated entities sold approximately 
800 homesites to a joint venture, in which the Company has a 50% investment, for $472 million of which $320 million 
was financed through a non-recourse note. This transaction resulted in $157.4 million of gross profit, of which the 
Company's portion was deferred.

The Company’s partners generally are unrelated homebuilders, land owners/developers and financial or other 
strategic partners. The unconsolidated entities follow accounting principles that are in all material respects the same as 
those used by the Company. The Company shares in the profits and losses of these unconsolidated entities generally in 
accordance with its ownership interests. In many instances, the Company is appointed as the day-to-day manager under 
the direction of a management committee that has shared powers amongst the partners of the unconsolidated entities and 
the Company receives management fees and/or reimbursement of expenses for performing this function. During the 
years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company received management fees and reimbursement of 
expenses, net of deferrals, from Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities totaling $4.4 million, $13.2 million and 
$31.3 million, respectively.

The Company and/or its partners sometimes obtain options or enter into other arrangements under which the 
Company can purchase portions of the land held by the unconsolidated entities. Option prices are generally negotiated 
prices that approximate fair value when the Company receives the options. During the years ended November 30, 2017, 
2016 and 2015, $226.2 million, $130.4 million and $177.6 million, respectively, of the unconsolidated entities’ revenues 
were from land sales to the Company. The Company does not include in its Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings 
(loss) from unconsolidated entities its pro-rata share of unconsolidated entities’ earnings resulting from land sales to its 
homebuilding divisions. Instead, the Company accounts for those earnings as a reduction of the cost of purchasing the 
land from the unconsolidated entities. This in effect defers recognition of the Company’s share of the unconsolidated 
entities’ earnings related to these sales until the Company delivers a home and title passes to a third-party homebuyer.

93

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The Lennar Homebuilding entities in which the Company has investments usually finance their activities with a 
combination of partner equity and debt financing. In some instances, the Company and its partners have guaranteed debt 
of certain unconsolidated entities.

The total debt of the Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which the Company has investments was 

as follows:

November 30,

(Dollars in thousands)
Non-recourse bank debt and other debt (partner’s share of several recourse). . . . . . . . . $
Non-recourse land seller debt and other debt (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-recourse debt with completion guarantees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-recourse debt without completion guarantees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Non-recourse debt to the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Company’s maximum recourse exposure (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt issuance costs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total debt. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

2017
64,197
1,997
255,903
351,800
673,897
69,181
(5,747)
737,331

2016
48,945
323,995
147,100
320,372
840,412
52,438
(4,186)
888,664

The Company’s maximum recourse exposure as a % of total JV debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  Non-recourse land seller debt and other debt as of November 30, 2016, included a $320 million non-recourse note related to a 

9%

6%

transaction between one of the Company's unconsolidated entities and another unconsolidated joint venture, which was settled in 
December 2016.

(2)  As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company's maximum recourse exposure was primarily related to the Company 
providing a repayment guarantee on three unconsolidated entities' debt and two unconsolidated entities' debt, respectively.

In most instances in which the Company has guaranteed debt of a Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entity, 

the Company’s partners have also guaranteed that debt and are required to contribute their share of the guarantee 
payments. In a repayment guarantee, the Company and its venture partners guarantee repayment of a portion or all of the 
debt in the event of default before the lender would have to exercise its rights against the collateral.

In connection with many of the loans to Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entities, the Company and its 
joint venture partners (or entities related to them) have been required to give guarantees of completion to the lenders. 
Those completion guarantees may require that the guarantors complete the construction of the improvements for which 
the financing was obtained. If the construction is to be done in phases, the guarantee generally is limited to completing 
only the phases as to which construction has already commenced and for which loan proceeds were used.

If the Company is required to make a payment under any guarantee, the payment would constitute a capital 
contribution or loan to the Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entity and increase the Company's investment in the 
unconsolidated entity and its share of any funds the entity distributes.

As of both November 30, 2017 and 2016, the fair values of the repayment guarantees and completion 

guarantees were not material. The Company believes that as of November 30, 2017, in the event it becomes legally 
obligated to perform under a guarantee of the obligation of a Lennar Homebuilding unconsolidated entity due to a 
triggering event under a guarantee, the collateral should be sufficient to repay at least a significant portion of the 
obligation or the Company and its partners would contribute additional capital into the venture. In certain instances, the 
Company has placed performance letters of credit and surety bonds with municipalities for its joint ventures (see Note 
7).

94

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

6. Lennar Homebuilding Operating Properties and Equipment

Operating properties and equipment are included in Lennar Homebuilding other assets in the consolidated 

balance sheets and were as follows:

November 30,

2017

2016

(In thousands)
Operating properties (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Leasehold improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Furniture, fixtures and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

151,461
40,513
68,579
260,553
(86,939)
173,614
(1)  Operating properties primarily include rental operations and commercial properties. During the year ended November 30, 2017, 
the Company acquired an operating property with an allocated fair value of $34.0 million as part of the WCI acquisition and sold 
an operating property with a basis of $47.0 million.

Accumulated depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

188,073
52,185
79,082
319,340
(104,272)
215,068

$

7. Lennar Homebuilding Senior Notes and Other Debts Payable

(Dollars in thousands)
6.95% senior notes due 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
4.125% senior notes due December 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.50% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.95% senior notes due 2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.125% senior notes due 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.875% senior notes due December 2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.75% senior notes due 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.75% senior notes due December 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
12.25% senior notes due 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mortgage notes on land and other debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30,

2017

2016

249,342
274,459
498,793
598,325
298,305
497,329
595,904
569,484
394,964
645,353
496,671
892,657
—
—
398,417
6,410,003

248,474
273,889
498,002
597,474
—
496,547
—
568,404
394,170
—
496,226
—
398,479
398,232
206,080
4,575,977

The carrying amounts of the senior notes listed above are net of debt issuance costs of $33.5 million and $22.1 

million, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

In May 2017, the Company amended the credit agreement governing its unsecured revolving credit facility (the 

"Credit Facility") to increase the maximum borrowings from $1.8 billion to $2.0 billion and extended the maturity on 
$1.4 billion of the Credit Facility from June 2020 to June 2022, with $160 million maturing in June 2018 and the 
remaining $50 million maturing in June 2020. As of November 30, 2017, the Credit Facility included a $403 million 
accordion feature, subject to additional commitments. The proceeds available under the Credit Facility, which are subject 
to specified conditions for borrowing, may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The credit 
agreement also provides that up to $500 million in commitments may be used for letters of credit. As of both 
November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. Under the Credit 
Facility agreement, the Company is required to maintain a minimum consolidated tangible net worth, a maximum 
leverage ratio and either a liquidity or an interest coverage ratio. These ratios are calculated per the Credit Facility 
agreement, which involves adjustments to GAAP financial measures. The Company believes it was in compliance with 
its debt covenants at November 30, 2017. In addition, the Company had $330 million in letter of credit facilities with 
different financial institutions at November 30, 2017.

95

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The Company’s performance letters of credit outstanding were $384.4 million and $270.8 million at 

November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Company’s financial letters of credit outstanding were $127.4 million 
and $210.3 million at November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Performance letters of credit are generally posted with 
regulatory bodies to guarantee the Company’s performance of certain development and construction activities. Financial 
letters of credit are generally posted in lieu of cash deposits on option contracts, for insurance risks, credit enhancements 
and as other collateral. Additionally, at November 30, 2017, the Company had outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion 
including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain projects of the 
Company’s joint ventures) and financial surety bonds. Although significant development and construction activities have 
been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are generally not released until all development and 
construction activities are completed. As of November 30, 2017, there were approximately $570.4 million, or 44%, of 
anticipated future costs to complete related to these site improvements. The Company does not presently anticipate any 
draws upon these bonds or letters of credit, but if any such draws occur, the Company does not believe they would have 
a material effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

The terms of each of the Company's senior notes outstanding at November 30, 2017 were as follows:

Senior Notes Outstanding (1)

(Dollars in thousands)
6.95% senior notes due 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.125% senior notes due December 2018. . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.50% senior notes due 2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.95% senior notes due 2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.125% senior notes due 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Principal
Amount

$250,000
275,000
500,000
600,000
300,000
500,000
600,000
575,000

Proceeds

Net

(2)

Price

Dates Issued

243,900
271,718
495,725
595,801
298,800
495,974
595,160
567,585

98.929%
99.998%
(3)
(4)
100%
100%
100%
(5)

May 2010

February 2013
February 2014

November 2014, February 2015

November 2017

March 2016
January 2017

October 2012, February 2013,

April 2013

4.875% senior notes due December 2023. . . . . .
4.500% senior notes due 2024 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.750% senior notes due 2025 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.75% senior notes due 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1)  Interest is payable semi-annually for each of the series of senior notes. The senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated, but 

99.169%
100%
100%
100%

393,622
644,838
495,528
894,650

400,000
650,000
500,000
900,000

April 2017
April 2015

November 2015

November 2017

are guaranteed by substantially all of the Company's 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries.

(2)  The Company generally uses the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, which can include the 

repayment or repurchase of other outstanding senior notes.

(3)  The Company issued $400 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100% and $100 million aggregate principal amount at 

(4)  The Company issued $350 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100% and $250 million aggregate principal amount at 

a price of 100.5%.

a price of 100.25%.

(5)  The Company issued $350 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100%, $175 million aggregate principal amount at a 

price of 98.073% and $50 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 98.250%.

In November 2017, the Company redeemed the $400 million principal amount of its 4.75% Senior Notes due 

2017. The redemption price, which was paid in cash, was 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest.

In November 2017, the Company issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% Senior Notes due 

2020 (the “2.95% Senior Notes”) and $900 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% Senior Notes due 2027 (the 
“4.750% Senior Notes”) at a price of 100% in a private placement. Proceeds from the offering, after payment of initial 
purchaser’s discount and certain expenses, were $1.19 billion. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this 
offering to fund a portion of the Cash Election Option payable by the Company in connection with the CalAtlantic 
merger (the “Merger”), to pay expenses related to the Merger and for general corporate purposes. Interest on the 2.95% 
Senior Notes and 4.750% Senior Notes is due semi-annually beginning May 29, 2018. The 2.95% Senior Notes and 
4.750% Senior Note are unsecured and unsubordinated, but are guaranteed by substantially all of the Company's 100% 
owned homebuilding subsidiaries.

In August 2017, the Company redeemed the $250 million principal amount of the 6.875% senior notes due 2021 

(the "6.875% Senior Notes") that we assumed as a result of the acquisition of WCI in February 2017. The redemption 
price, which was paid in cash, was 103.438% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but not 

96

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

including, the redemption date. There was no gain or loss recorded on redemption of the 6.875% senior notes as it had 
been recorded at fair value on the acquisition date.

In April 2017, the Company issued $650 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50% senior notes due 2024 

(the "4.50% Senior Notes") at a price of 100%. Proceeds from the offering, after payment of expenses, were $644.8 
million. The Company used the net proceeds from the sales of the 4.500% Senior Notes for (1) the retirement of 
its 12.25% senior notes due 2017 for 100% of the $400 million outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid 
interest and (2) the redemption of its 6.875% senior notes due 2021 for 103.438% of the $250 million outstanding 
principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest up to, but not including, the redemption date. Interest on 
the 4.50% Senior Notes is due semi-annually beginning October 30, 2017. The 4.50% Senior Notes are unsecured and 
unsubordinated, but are guaranteed by substantially all of the Company's 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries.

In January 2017, the Company issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 
2022 (the "4.125% Senior Notes") at a price of 100%. Proceeds from the offering, after payment of expenses, were 
$595.2 million. The Company used the net proceeds from the sales of the 4.125% Senior Notes to fund a portion of the 
cash consideration for the Company's acquisition of WCI and to pay for costs and expenses related to this acquisition as 
well as for general corporate purposes. Interest on the 4.125% Senior Notes is due semi-annually beginning July 15, 
2017. The 4.125% Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated, but are guaranteed by substantially all of the 
Company's 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries.

The Company's senior notes are guaranteed by substantially all of the Company's 100% owned homebuilding 

subsidiaries and some of the Company's other subsidiaries. Although the guarantees are full, unconditional and joint and 
several while they are in effect, (i) a subsidiary will cease to be a guarantor at any time when it is not directly or 
indirectly guaranteeing at least $75 million of debt of Lennar Corporation (the parent company), and (ii) a subsidiary will 
be released from its guarantee and any other obligations it may have regarding the senior notes if all or substantially all 
its assets, or all of its capital stock, are sold or otherwise disposed of.

At November 30, 2017, the Company had mortgage notes on land and other debt due at various dates through 

2036 bearing interest at rates up to 7.5% with an average interest rate of 3.1%. At November 30, 2017 and 2016, the 
carrying amount of the mortgage notes on land and other debt was $398.4 million and $206.1 million, respectively. 
During the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company retired $139.7 million and $211.0 million, 
respectively, of mortgage notes on land and other debt.

The minimum aggregate principal maturities of senior notes and other debts payable during the five years 

subsequent to November 30, 2017 and thereafter are as follows:

(In thousands)
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Debt

Maturities

357,655
1,481,943
371,104
534,095
1,192,260
2,511,447

The Company expects to pay its near-term maturities as they come due through cash generated from operations, 

the issuance of additional debt or equity offerings as well as borrowings under the Company's Credit Facility.

97

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

8. Lennar Financial Services Segment

The assets and liabilities related to the Lennar Financial Services segment were as follows:

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receivables, net (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loans held-for-sale (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loans held-for-investment, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments held-to-maturity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments available-for-sale (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill (4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other (5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30,

2017

2016

117,410
12,006
313,252
937,516
44,193
52,327
57,439
59,838
95,527
1,689,508

123,964
17,053
409,528
939,405
30,004
41,991
53,570
39,838
99,319
1,754,672

Liabilities:
Notes and other debts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Other (6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,077,228
241,055
1,318,283
(1)  Receivables, net, primarily related to loans sold to investors for which the Company had not yet been paid as of November 30, 

937,431
240,383
1,177,814

$

(2)  Loans held-for-sale related to unsold loans carried at fair value.
(3)  Investments available-for-sale are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded as a component of accumulated other 

2017 and 2016, respectively.

comprehensive income (loss).

(4)  As of November 30, 2017, goodwill included $20 million related to the WCI acquisition. The amount provided herein is 

provisional, pending completion of the fair value analysis of WCI's acquired assets and liabilities assumed.

(5)  As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, other assets included mortgage loan commitments carried at fair value of $9.9 million and 
$7.4 million, respectively, and mortgage servicing rights carried at fair value of $31.2 million and $23.9 million, respectively. In 
addition, other assets also included forward contracts carried at fair value of $1.7 million and $26.5 million as of November 30, 
2017 and November 30, 2016, respectively.

(6)  As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, other liabilities included $57.7 million and $57.4 million, respectively, of certain of the 

Company’s self-insurance reserves related to construction defects, general liability and workers’ compensation.

At November 30, 2017, the Lennar Financial Services segment warehouse facilities were as follows:

(In thousands)
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures December 2017 (1) (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures March 2018 (3). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures June 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures September 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Maximum aggregate commitment includes an uncommitted amount of $250 million. 
(2)  Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity was extended to December 2018.
(3)  Maximum aggregate commitment includes an uncommitted amount of $75 million.

Maximum Aggregate

Commitment

400,000
150,000
600,000
300,000
1,450,000

The Lennar Financial Services segment uses these facilities to finance its lending activities until the mortgage 

loans are sold to investors and the proceeds are collected. The facilities are non-recourse to the Company and are 
expected to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. Borrowings under the facilities and their prior 
year predecessors were $937.2 million and $1.1 billion at November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and were 
collateralized by mortgage loans and receivables on loans sold to investors but not yet paid for with outstanding principal 
balances of $974.1 million and $1.1 billion at November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The combined effective 
interest rate on the facilities at November 30, 2017 was 3.6%. If the facilities are not renewed or replaced, the 
borrowings under the lines of credit will be paid off by selling the mortgage loans held-for-sale to investors and by 
collecting on receivables on loans sold but not yet paid. Without the facilities, the Lennar Financial Services segment 
would have to use cash from operations and other funding sources to finance its lending activities.

98

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

9. Rialto Segment

The assets and liabilities related to the Rialto segment were as follows: 

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Restricted cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receivables, net (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loans held-for-sale (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loans receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Real estate owned, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments held-to-maturity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Liabilities:
Notes and other debts payable (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30,

2017

2016

241,861
22,466
—
236,018
1,933
86,047
265,418
179,659
120,438
1,153,840

148,827
9,935
204,518
126,947
111,608
243,703
245,741
71,260
113,671
1,276,210

625,081
94,975
720,056

622,335
85,645
707,980

$
(1)  Receivables, net primarily related to loans sold but not settled as of November 30, 2016.
(2)  Loans held-for-sale related to unsold loans originated by RMF carried at fair value and loans in the FDIC Portfolios carried at 

lower of cost or market.

(3)  As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, notes and other debts payable primarily included $349.4 million and $348.7 million, 

respectively, related to Rialto's 7.00% senior notes due 2018 (the "7.00% Senior Notes"), and $162.1 million and $223.5 million, 
respectively, related to Rialto's warehouse repurchase facilities.

Rialto Mortgage Finance - loans held-for-sale

During the year ended November 30, 2017, RMF originated loans with a total principal balance of $1.7 billion 
of which $1.6 billion were recorded as loans held-for-sale and $98.4 million were recorded as accrual loans within loans 
receivable, net, and sold $1.5 billion of loans into 12 separate securitizations. During the year ended November 30, 2016, 
RMF originated loans with a principal balance of $1.8 billion of which $1.7 billion were recorded as loans held-for-sale 
and $81.2 million were recorded as accrual loans within loans receivable, net, and sold $1.9 billion of loans into 11 
separate securitizations. As of November 30, 2017, there were no unsettled transactions. As of November 30, 2016, 
originated loans with an unpaid principal balance of $199.8 million were sold into a securitization trust but not settled 
and thus were included as receivables, net.

FDIC Portfolios

In 2010, the Rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two limited liability 
companies ("LLCs") in partnership with the FDIC Portfolios. The LLCs met the accounting definition of VIEs and since 
the Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary, the Company consolidated the LLCs. The Company was 
determined to be the primary beneficiary because it has the power to direct the activities of the LLCs that most 
significantly impact the LLCs' performance through Rialto's management and servicer contracts.

In February 2017, the FDIC exercised its “clean-up call rights” under the Amended and Restated Limited 

Liability Company Agreement. As a result, Rialto had until July 10, 2017 to liquidate and sell the assets in the FDIC 
Portfolios. On July 10, 2017, Rialto and the FDIC entered into an agreement which extended the original agreement date 
to January 10, 2018. At November 30, 2017, the consolidated LLCs had total combined assets of $48.8 million, which 
primarily included $23.8 million in cash, $20.0 million of real estate owned, net and $1.6 million of loans held-for-sale. 
As of January 11, 2018, (1) the FDIC can, at its discretion, sell any remaining assets, or (2) Rialto has the option to 
purchase the FDIC's interest in the portfolios. As of January 19, 2018, there were only four assets with a carrying value 
totaling $0.3 million which were not under contract to sell.

99

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

At November 30, 2017, Rialto warehouse facilities were as follows:

(In thousands)
Warehouse repurchase facility that matures December 2017 (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures January 2018 (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures October 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures November 2018 (one year extension) . . . . . . . . . . .
Total - Loans origination and securitization business (RMF). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Warehouse repurchase facility that matures August 2018 (two - one year extensions) (3). . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Maximum
Aggregate
Commitment

200,000
250,000
400,000
200,000
1,050,000
100,000
1,150,000

(1)  Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity date was extended to December 2019.
(2)  Subsequent to November 30, 2017, the warehouse repurchase facility maturity date was extended to December 2018 and 

maximum aggregate commitment of the facility was reduced to $200 million.

(3)  Rialto uses this warehouse repurchase facility to finance the origination of floating rate accrual loans, which are reported as 

accrual loans within loans receivable, net. There were no borrowings under this facility as of November 30, 2017. Borrowings 
under this facility were $43.3 million as of November 30, 2016.

Borrowings under the facilities that finance RMF's loan originations and securitization activities were $162.1 
million and $180.2 million as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and were secured by a 75% interest in the 
originated commercial loans financed. The facilities require immediate repayment of the 75% interest in the secured 
commercial loans when the loans are sold in a securitization and the proceeds are collected. These warehouse repurchase 
facilities are non-recourse to the Company and are expected to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they 
mature. If the facilities are not renewed or replaced, the borrowings under the lines of credit will be paid off by selling 
the loans held-for-sale to investors. Without the facilities, the Rialto segment would have to use cash from operations and 
other funding sources to finance its lending activities. 

Investments in Unconsolidated Entities

Generally, all of Rialto's investments in funds have the attributes of an investment company in accordance with 

ASC 946, Financial Services – Investment Companies, as amended by ASU 2013-08, Financial Services - Investment 
Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement, and Disclosure Requirements, the attributes of which 
are different from the attributes that would cause a company to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940. As a result, the assets and liabilities of the funds in which Rialto has investments in are recorded 
at fair value with increases/decreases in fair value recorded in their respective statements of operations and the 
Company’s share is recorded in Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities in the Company's statement of 
operations.

The following table reflects Rialto's investments in funds that invest in and manage real estate related assets and 

other investments:

(Dollars in thousands)
Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund II, LP.
Rialto Mezzanine Partners

Fund, LP. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto Capital CMBS Funds . .
Rialto Real Estate Fund III . . .
Rialto Credit Partnership, LP. .
Other investments . . . . . . . . . .

Inception

Year
2010
2012

Equity

Commitments
$ 700,006
1,305,000

2013
2014
2015
2016

300,000
119,174
1,887,000
220,000

Commitments

Equity

Called

$ 700,006
1,305,000

300,000
119,174
569,482
159,886

Commitment
to Fund by the

Company

$

75,000
100,000

33,799
52,474
140,000
19,999

November 30,

2017
Funds

Contributed

by the

Company

November 30,

2017

November 30,

2016

Investment

$

75,000
100,000

$

41,860
86,904

33,799
52,474
40,104
14,534

19,189
54,018
41,223
13,288
8,936
$ 265,418

58,116
96,192

23,643
50,519
9,093
5,794
2,384
245,741

During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, Rialto received $7.3 million, $10.1 million and 
$20.0 million, respectively, of advance distributions with regard to Rialto's carried interests in its real estate funds in 
order to cover income tax obligations resulting from allocations of taxable income to Rialto's carried interests in these 
funds. In addition, during the year ended November 30, 2017, Rialto received $36.8 million of distributions with regard 

100

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

to its carried interest in its real estate funds. Rialto Real Estate Fund, LP. These incentive income distributions are not 
subject to clawbacks and therefore are included in Rialto's revenues.

During 2015, Rialto adopted a Carried Interest Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), under which participating employees 

in the aggregate may receive up to 40% of the equity units of a limited liability company (a "Carried Interest Entity") 
that is entitled to carried interest distributions made by a fund or other investment vehicle (a "Fund") managed by a 
subsidiary of Rialto. As such, those employees receiving equity units in a Carried Interest Entity may benefit from 
distributions made by a Fund to the extent the Carried Interest Entity makes distributions to its equity holders. The units 
issued to employees are equity awards and are subject to vesting schedules and forfeiture or repurchase provisions in the 
case of a termination of employment.

Summarized condensed financial information on a combined 100% basis related to Rialto’s investments in 

unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
Balance Sheets

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Loans receivable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Real estate owned. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in partnerships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Liabilities and equity:
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Notes payable (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

November 30,

2017

2016

95,552
538,317
348,601
1,849,795
393,874
42,949
3,269,088

48,374
576,810
2,643,904
3,269,088

230,229
406,812
439,191
1,379,155
398,535
29,036
2,882,958

36,131
532,264
2,314,563
2,882,958

(1)  Notes payable are net of debt issuance costs of $3.1 million and $2.9 million, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Statements of Operations

Years Ended November 30,

(In thousands)
Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income, net (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings of unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Other income, net included realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments.

2017
238,981
104,343
109,927
244,565
25,447

2016
200,346
96,343
49,342
153,345
18,961

2015
170,921
97,162
144,941
218,700
22,293

Investments held-to-maturity

At November 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying value of Rialto's commercial mortgage-backed securities 

("CMBS") was $179.7 million and $71.3 million, respectively. These securities were purchased at discount rates ranging 
from 9% to 84% with coupon rates ranging from 1.3% to 5.0%, stated and assumed final distribution dates between 
November 2020 and October 2027, and stated maturity dates between November 2043 and March 2059. During 2017, 
Rialto purchased a 5% vertical strip in three separate CMBS transactions. A vertical interest is an equal interest in each 
class of securities issued in the securitization (e.g., 5.0% of each class) or a single vertical security entitling the holder to 
a specific percentage of the amounts paid on each class of those securities. As part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Protection Act that came into effect in December 2016, originators that contribute loans to a CMBS trust are required 
to satisfy risk retention rules. Some risk retention rules permit the retention of risk by third parties, and the risk may be 
held by purchasing vertical, horizontal or other combined strips in a securitization.

The Rialto segment reviews changes in estimated cash flows periodically to determine if an other-than-

temporary impairment has occurred on its CMBS. Based on management’s assessment, no impairment charges were 

101

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

recorded during any of the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015. The Rialto segment classified these 
securities as held-to-maturity based on its intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity.

10. Lennar Multifamily Segment

The Company is actively involved, primarily through unconsolidated entities, in the development, construction 

and property management of multifamily rental properties. The Lennar Multifamily segment focuses on developing a 
geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select U.S. markets.

The assets and liabilities related to the Lennar Multifamily segment were as follows: 

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Receivables (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Land under development . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30,

2017

2016

8,676
69,678
208,618
407,544
16,209
710,725

6,600
58,929
139,713
318,559
2,330
526,131

Liabilities:
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
$

117,973
117,973
(1)  Receivables primarily related to general contractor services, net of deferrals and management fee income receivables due from 

149,715
149,715

unconsolidated entities as of November 30, 2017 and 2016.

The unconsolidated entities in which the Lennar Multifamily segment has investments usually finance their 

activities with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. In connection with many of the loans to Lennar 
Multifamily unconsolidated entities, the Company (or entities related to them) has been required to give guarantees of 
completion and cost over-runs to the lenders and partners. Those completion guarantees may require that the guarantors 
complete the construction of the improvements for which the financing was obtained. Additionally, the Company 
guarantees the construction costs of the project as construction cost over-runs would be paid by the Company. Generally, 
these payments would be increases to the Company's investment in the entities and would increase its share of funds the 
entities distribute after the achievement of certain thresholds. As of both November 30, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of 
the completion guarantees was immaterial. Additionally, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Lennar Multifamily 
segment had $4.7 million and $32.0 million, respectively, of letters of credit outstanding primarily for credit 
enhancements for the bank debt of certain of its unconsolidated entities and deposits on land purchase contracts. These 
letters of credit outstanding are included in the disclosure in Note 7 related to the Company's performance and financial 
letters of credit. As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Lennar Multifamily segment's unconsolidated entities had non-
recourse debt with completion guarantees of $896.7 million and $589.4 million, respectively.

In many instances, the Lennar Multifamily segment is appointed as the construction, development and property 

manager of certain of its Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated entities and receives fees for performing this function. 
During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Lennar Multifamily segment received fee income, net of 
deferrals, from its unconsolidated entities of $53.8 million, $38.5 million and $27.2 million, respectively.

The Lennar Multifamily segment also provides general contractor services for construction of some of the rental 

properties owned by unconsolidated entities in which the Company has investments. During the years ended 
November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Lennar Multifamily segment provided general contractor services, net of 
deferrals, totaling $341.0 million, $237.1 million and $142.7 million, respectively, which were offset by costs related to 
those services of $330.4 million, $228.6 million and $138.6 million, respectively.

The Lennar Multifamily Venture (the "Venture") is a long-term multifamily development investment vehicle 
involved in the development, construction and property management of class-A multifamily assets with $2.2 billion in 
equity commitments, including a $504 million co-investment commitment by Lennar comprised of cash, undeveloped 
land and preacquisition costs. During the year ended November 30, 2017, $586.4 million in equity commitments were 
called, of which the Company contributed its portion of $134.9 million. During the year ended November 30, 2017, the 
Company received $26.8 million distributions as a return of capital from the Venture. As of November 30, 2017, $1.5 
billion of the $2.2 billion in equity commitments had been called, of which the Company has contributed $350.7 million 
representing its pro-rata portion of the called equity, resulting in a remaining equity commitment for the Company of 
$153.3 million. As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the carrying value of the Company's investment in the Venture was 
$323.8 million and $198.2 million, respectively.

102

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Summarized condensed financial information on a combined 100% basis related to Lennar Multifamily's 

investments in unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
Balance Sheets

(In thousands)
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating properties and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30,

2017

2016

37,073
2,952,070
36,772
3,025,915

43,658
2,210,627
33,703
2,287,988

Liabilities and equity:
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Notes payable (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

196,617
577,085
1,514,286
2,287,988
(1)  Notes payable are net of debt issuance costs of $17.6 million and $12.3 million, as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
Statements of Operations

212,123
879,047
1,934,745
3,025,915

$

Years Ended November 30,

(In thousands)
Revenues. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
16,309
27,190
Costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
43,340
Other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings of unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
32,459
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities (1). . $
19,518
(1)  During the year ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Lennar Multifamily segment sold seven, seven and two operating 

67,578
108,610
207,793
166,761
85,739

45,287
68,976
191,385
167,696
85,519

2017

2016

2015

properties, respectively, through its unconsolidated entities resulting in the segment's $96.7 million, $91.0 million and $22.2 
million share of gains, respectively.

103

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

11. Income Taxes

The benefit (provision) for income taxes consisted of the following:

(In thousands)
Current:
Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Deferred:
Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

(309,235)
(17,572)
(326,807)

(40,641)
(50,409)
(91,050)
(417,857)

(300,116)
(19,777)
(319,893)

(43,775)
(53,710)
(97,485)
(417,378)

(343,635)
(52,420)
(396,055)

12,872
(7,233)
5,639
(390,416)

A reconciliation of the statutory rate and the effective tax rate was as follows:

Percentage of Pretax Income

2017

2016

2015

Statutory rate. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit . . . . . . .
Domestic production activities deduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax reserves and interest expense. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax asset valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State net operating loss adjustment (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax credits. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Effective rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

35.00%
3.22
(3.01)
2.64
(0.09)
(3.00)
(1.92)
(0.12)
32.72%
(1)  During the year ended November 30, 2015, the Company recorded a benefit for additional state net operating loss carryforwards 

35.00%
3.29
(2.77)
0.27
0.17
—
(2.03)
0.09
34.02%

35.00%
3.21
(2.78)
(0.89)
(0.01)
—
(3.46)
0.33
31.40%

as a result of the conclusion of a state tax examination.

104

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of the 
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The tax effects of 
significant temporary differences that give rise to the net deferred tax assets were as follows:

(In thousands)
Deferred tax assets:
Inventory valuation adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Reserves and accruals. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net operating loss carryforwards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto investments in partnerships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capitalized expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Deferred tax liabilities:
Capitalized expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

The detail of the Company's net deferred tax assets were as follows:

November 30,

2017

2016

54,511
164,868
100,338
15,705
197,204
38,627
68,857
640,110
(6,423)
633,687

79,440
244,969
11,583
335,992
297,695

56,733
198,270
92,362
11,352
106,270
42,796
57,890
565,673
(5,773)
559,900

30,632
226,195
25,675
282,502
277,398

November 30,

2017

2016

(In thousands)
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities): (1)
Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

249,714
26,547
5,919
(4,782)
277,398
(1)  Net deferred tax assets and net deferred tax liabilities detailed above are included within other assets and other liabilities in the 

279,900
21,944
(1,176)
(2,973)
297,695

respective segments.

A reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required if, based on the 

available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish 
valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed each reporting period by the Company based on the consideration 
of all available positive and negative evidence using a "more-likely-than-not" standard with respect to whether deferred 
tax assets will be realized. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current 
and cumulative losses, actual earnings, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the 
Company’s experience with loss carryforwards not expiring unused and tax planning alternatives.

As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the net deferred tax assets included a valuation allowance of $6.4 million 

and $5.8 million, respectively, primarily related to state net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards that are not more 
likely than not to be utilized due to an inability to carry back these losses in most states and short carryforward periods 
that exist in certain states. During the year ended November 30, 2016, the Company reversed $0.2 million, of valuation 
allowance primarily due to the utilization of state net operating losses. During the year ended November 30, 2017, the 
Company increased its valuation allowance against deferred tax assets relating to state net operating losses by $0.7 
million.

At November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had federal tax effected NOL carryforwards totaling $34.1 
million and $1.8 million, respectively, that may be carried forward up to 20 years to offset future taxable income and 
begin to expire in 2029. At November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had state tax effected NOL carryforwards 

105

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

totaling $66.2 million and $90.6 million, respectively, that may be carried forward from 5 to 20 years, depending on the 
tax jurisdiction, with losses expiring between 2018 and 2036.

The following table summarizes the changes in gross unrecognized tax benefits:

Years Ended November 30,

(In thousands)
Gross unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Increase due to tax positions taken during prior period (1) . . . . . . . . .
Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Increased the Company's effective tax rate for the year ended November 30, 2015 from 32.30% to 32.72% due to state audits.
If the Company were to recognize its gross unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30, 2017, $8.0 million 

12,285
—
12,285

12,285
—
12,285

7,257
5,028
12,285

2017

2016

2015

would affect the Company’s effective tax rate. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax 
benefits to increase or decrease by a material amount within the following twelve months.

The following summarizes the changes in interest and penalties accrued with respect to gross unrecognized tax 

benefits: 

November 30,

(In thousands)
Accrued interest and penalties, beginning of the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Accrual of interest and penalties (primarily related to federal and state audits) . . .
Reduction of interest and penalties (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued interest and penalties, end of the year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  The Company's accrual for interest and penalties was reduced during the year ended November 30, 2016 primarily due to a 

45,973
4,184
(434)
49,723

2017

2016

65,145
3,251
(22,423)
45,973

settlement with the IRS. 

The IRS is currently examining the Company’s federal income tax returns for fiscal year 2016, and certain state 

taxing authorities are examining various fiscal years. The final outcome of these examinations is not yet determinable. 
The statute of limitations for the Company’s major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal year 2005 
and subsequent years. The Company participates in an IRS examination program, Compliance Assurance Process, 
"CAP." This program operates as a contemporaneous exam throughout the year in order to keep exam cycles current and 
achieve a higher level of compliance.

On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This Act will materially affect 
the taxes owed by the Company in 2018 and subsequent years. Among other things, it will reduce the maximum federal 
corporate income tax rate to 21%, which should have a positive effect on the Company's net earnings and earnings per 
share. It will also limit or eliminate certain deductions to which the Company has been entitled in past years and it will 
reduce the value of the Company's deferred tax assets, which will require the Company to recognize in the first quarter of 
fiscal year 2018 a charge against earnings for impairment of those assets of approximately $70 million. 

106

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

12. Earnings Per Share

Basic and diluted earnings per share were calculated as follows:

(In thousands, except per share amounts)
Numerator:
Net earnings attributable to Lennar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Less: distributed earnings allocated to nonvested shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Numerator for basic earnings per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: net amount attributable to noncontrolling interests in Rialto's Carried
Interest Incentive Plan (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plus: interest on 3.25% convertible senior notes due 2021. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Plus: undistributed earnings allocated to convertible shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less: undistributed earnings reallocated to convertible shares. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Numerator for diluted earnings per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Denominator:
Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average common
shares outstanding (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Effect of dilutive securities:

Share-based payments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Convertible senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Denominator for diluted earnings per share - weighted average common
shares outstanding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Basic earnings per share (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Diluted earnings per share (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

810,480
377
7,447
802,656

1,009
—
—
—
801,647

911,844
337
8,852
902,655

1,028
5,528
8,852
8,438
907,569

802,894
361
8,371
794,162

4,120
7,928
8,371
7,528
798,813

237,155

223,079

209,847

1
—

237,156
3.38
3.38

3
12,288

235,370
4.05
3.86

9
25,614

235,470
3.78
3.39

(1)  The amounts presented above relate to Rialto's Carried Interest Incentive Plan adopted in June 2015 (see Note 9) and represent 

the difference between the advanced tax distributions received by Rialto's subsidiary and the amount Lennar, as the parent 
company, is assumed to own.

(2)  The weighted average common shares for the periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to include 4.7 million of Class B 
shares distributed as part of the stock dividend on November 27, 2017. As a result, basic and diluted earnings per share have also 
been retroactively adjusted.

For the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, there were no options to purchase shares of common 

stock that were outstanding and anti-dilutive.

13. Capital Stock

Preferred Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 500,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $10 per share and 100 

million shares of participating preferred stock with a par value of $0.10 per share. No shares of preferred stock or 
participating preferred stock have been issued as of November 30, 2017 and 2016.

Common Stock

During each of the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company’s Class A and Class B 

common stockholders received a per share annual dividend of $0.16. The only significant difference between the Class A 
common stock and Class B common stock is that Class A common stock entitles holders to one vote per share and the 
Class B common stock entitles holders to ten votes per share.

On November 27, 2017, we paid a stock dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each 50 shares of 
Class A common stock or Class B common stock to holders of record at the close of business on November 10, 2017, as 
declared by the Company's Board of Directors on October 30, 2017.

As of November 30, 2017, Stuart Miller, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and a Director, directly 

owned, or controlled through family-owned entities, shares of Class A and Class B common stock, which represented 
approximately 39% voting power of the Company’s stock.

The Company has a stock repurchase program adopted in 2001, which originally authorized the purchase of up 
to 20 million shares of its outstanding common stock. During the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, there 
were no share repurchases of common stock under the stock repurchase program. As of November 30, 2017, the 

107

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

remaining authorized shares that could be purchased under the stock repurchase program were 6.2 million shares of 
common stock.

During the years ended November 30, 2017 and 2016, treasury stock increased by 0.6 million shares and 0.1 

million shares of Class A common stock, respectively, primarily due to activity related to the Company's equity 
compensation plan. 

Restrictions on Payment of Dividends

There are no restrictions on the payment of dividends on common stock by the Company. There are no 

agreements which restrict the payment of dividends by subsidiaries of the Company other than (i) the need to maintain 
the financial ratios and net worth requirements under the Lennar Financial Services segment’s warehouse lines of credit, 
which restrict the payment of dividends from the Company’s mortgage subsidiaries following the occurrence and during 
the continuance of an event of default thereunder and limit dividends to 50% of net income in the absence of an event of 
default, and (ii) the restriction under Rialto's 7.00% Senior Notes indenture that limits Rialto's ability to make 
distributions to Lennar.

401(k) Plan

Under the Company’s 401(k) Plan (the "Plan"), contributions made by associates can be invested in a variety of 

mutual funds or proprietary funds provided by the Plan trustee. The Company may also make contributions for the 
benefit of associates. The Company records as compensation expense its contribution to the Plan. For the years ended 
November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, this amount was $17.2 million, $15.7 million and $13.5 million, respectively.

14. Share-Based Payments

Compensation expense related to the Company’s share-based awards was as follows:

(In thousands)
Nonvested shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Stock options (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total compensation expense for share-based awards . . . . . . . . . . $

Years ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

61,356
—
61,356

55,516
—
55,516

43,742
131
43,873

(1)  Stock options expense relates to stock option awards granted to Lennar's non-employee directors for the year ended 

November 30, 2015. The fair value of these stock option awards was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-
pricing model.

Cash flows resulting from tax benefits related to tax deductions in excess of the compensation expense 

recognized are classified as financing cash flows. For the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 there was $2.0 
million, $7.0 million, and $0.1 million, respectively, of excess tax benefits from share-based awards primarily related to 
nonvested shares.

The fair value of nonvested shares is determined based on the trading price of the Company’s common stock on 
the grant date. The weighted average fair value of nonvested shares granted during the years ended November 30, 2017, 
2016 and 2015 was $51.92, $45.10 and $49.01, respectively. A summary of the Company’s nonvested shares activity for 
the year ended November 30, 2017, adjusted for the Class B stock dividend, was as follows:

45.95
Nonvested shares at November 30, 2016 (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
51.92
Grants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
45.88
Vested. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
46.45
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
49.33
Nonvested shares at November 30, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(1) Nonvested shares and weighted average fair value at November 30, 2016 have been adjusted to reflect the Class B shares 

Shares
$
2,328,614
$
1,348,065
(1,227,865) $
(48,948) $
$

2,399,866

issued as a part of the stock dividend on November 27, 2017.

Weighted Average

Grant Date
Fair Value

At November 30, 2017, there was $79.2 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested 
share-based awards granted under the Company’s share-based payment plan, all of which relates to nonvested shares 
with a weighted average remaining contractual life of 2.0 years. For the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
1.2 million, 1.1 million and 1.2 million nonvested shares, respectively, were vested each year.

108

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

15. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Disclosures

The following table presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments held by the 

Company at November 30, 2017 and 2016, using available market information and what the Company believes to be 
appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the 
estimates of fair value. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies might have a material 
effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The table excludes cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivables, net, 
and accounts payable, all of which had fair values approximating their carrying amounts due to the short maturities and 
liquidity of these instruments.

Fair Value
Hierarchy

(In thousands)
ASSETS
Rialto:
Loans receivable, net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Level 3
Investments held-to-maturity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Level 3
Lennar Financial Services:
Loans held-for-investment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Level 3
Investments held-to-maturity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Level 2
LIABILITIES
Lennar Homebuilding senior notes and other debts
payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Level 2
Rialto notes and other debts payable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Level 2
Lennar Financial Services notes and other debts
payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Level 2

November 30,

2017

2016

Carrying
Amount

Fair
Value

Carrying
Amount

Fair
Value

$
$

$
$

1,933
179,659

44,193
52,327

1,933
199,190

111,608
71,260

113,747
69,992

41,795
52,189

30,004
41,991

31,233
42,058

$ 6,410,003
$
625,081

6,598,848
644,644

4,575,977
622,335

4,669,643
646,366

$

937,431

937,431

1,077,228

1,077,228

The following methods and assumptions are used by the Company in estimating fair values:
Rialto—The fair values for loans receivable, net are based on the fair value of the collateral less estimated cost 
to sell or discounted cash flows, if estimable. The fair value for investments held-to-maturity is based on discounted cash 
flows. For notes and other debts payable, the fair value is calculated based on discounted cash flows using quoted 
interest rates and for the warehouse repurchase financing agreements fair values approximate their carrying value due to 
their short-term maturities.

Lennar Financial Services—The fair values above are based on quoted market prices, if available. The fair 
values for instruments that do not have quoted market prices are estimated by the Company on the basis of discounted 
cash flows or other financial information. For notes and other debts payable, the fair values approximate their carrying 
value due to variable interest pricing terms and the short-term nature of the borrowings.

Lennar Homebuilding—For senior notes and other debts payable, the fair value of fixed-rate borrowings is 

primarily based on quoted market prices and the fair value of variable-rate borrowings is based on expected future cash 
flows calculated using current market forward rates.

Fair Value Measurements

GAAP provides a framework for measuring fair value, expands disclosures about fair value measurements and 

establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value summarized as follows:

Level 1: Fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.
Level 2: Fair value determined using significant other observable inputs.
Level 3: Fair value determined using significant unobservable inputs.

109

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The Company’s financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below:

(In thousands)
Rialto Financial Assets:
RMF loans held-for-sale (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Credit default swaps (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services Assets:
Loans held-for-sale (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments available-for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mortgage loan commitments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forward contracts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mortgage servicing rights. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fair
Value

Hierarchy

Fair Value at
November 30,

2017

Fair Value at
November 30,

2016

Level 3
Level 2

Level 2
Level 1
Level 2
Level 2
Level 3

$
$

$
$
$
$
$

234,403
995

937,516
57,439
9,873
1,681
31,163

126,947
2,863

939,405
53,570
7,437
26,467
23,930

(1)  The aggregate fair value of Rialto loans held-for-sale of $234.4 million at November 30, 2017 were below their aggregate 

principal balance of $235.4 million by $1.0 million. The aggregate fair value of Rialto loans held-for-sale of $126.9 million at 
November 30, 2016 were below their aggregate principal balance of $127.8 million by $0.9 million.

(2)  Rialto's credit default swaps are included within Rialto's other assets.
(3)  The aggregate fair value of Lennar Financial Services loans held-for-sale of $937.5 million at November 30, 2017 exceeds their 
aggregate principal balance of $908.8 million by $28.7 million. The aggregate fair value of Lennar Financial Services loans held-
for-sale of $939.4 million at November 30, 2016 exceeds their aggregate principal balance of $931.0 million by $8.4 million.
The estimated fair values of the Company’s financial instruments have been determined by using available 

market information and what the Company believes to be appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment 
is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. The use of different market assumptions 
and/or estimation methodologies might have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The following 
methods and assumptions are used by the Company in estimating fair values:

Rialto loans held-for-sale— The fair value of loans held-for-sale is calculated from model-based techniques 

that use discounted cash flow assumptions and the Company’s own estimates of CMBS spreads, market interest rate 
movements and the underlying loan credit quality. Loan values are calculated by allocating the change in value of an 
assumed CMBS capital structure to each loan. The value of an assumed CMBS capital structure is calculated, generally, 
by discounting the cash flows associated with each CMBS class at market interest rates and at the Company’s own 
estimate of CMBS spreads. The Company estimates CMBS spreads by observing the pricing of recent CMBS offerings, 
secondary CMBS markets, changes in the CMBX index, and general capital and commercial real estate market 
conditions. Considerations in estimating CMBS spreads include comparing the Company’s current loan portfolio with 
comparable CMBS offerings containing loans with similar duration, credit quality and collateral composition. These 
methods use unobservable inputs in estimating a discount rate that is used to assign a value to each loan. While the cash 
payments on the loans are contractual, the discount rate used and assumptions regarding the relative size of each class in 
the CMBS capital structure can significantly impact the valuation. Therefore, the estimates used could differ materially 
from the fair value determined when the loans are sold to a securitization trust.

Rialto credit default swaps— The fair value of credit default swaps (derivatives) is based on quoted market 

prices for similar investments traded in active markets.

Lennar Financial Services loans held-for-sale— Fair value is based on independent quoted market prices, 

where available, or the prices for other mortgage whole loans with similar characteristics. Management believes carrying 
loans held-for-sale at fair value improves financial reporting by mitigating volatility in reported earnings caused by 
measuring the fair value of the loans and the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without having to 
apply complex hedge accounting provisions. In addition, the Company recognizes the fair value of its rights to service a 
mortgage loan as revenue upon entering into an interest rate lock loan commitment with a borrower. The fair value of 
these servicing rights is included in Lennar Financial Services’ loans held-for-sale as of November 30, 2017 and 2016. 
Fair value of servicing rights is determined based on actual sales of servicing rights on loans with similar characteristics.
Lennar Financial Services investments available-for-sale— The fair value of these investments is based on 

the quoted market prices for similar financial instruments.

Lennar Financial Services mortgage loan commitments— Fair value of commitments to originate loans is 

based upon the difference between the current value of similar loans and the price at which the Lennar Financial Services 
segment has committed to originate the loans. The fair value of commitments to sell loan contracts is the estimated 
amount that the Lennar Financial Services segment would receive or pay to terminate the commitments at the reporting 
date based on market prices for similar financial instruments. In addition, the Company recognizes the fair value of its 
rights to service a mortgage loan as revenue upon entering into an interest rate lock loan commitment with a borrower. 

110

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The fair value of servicing rights is determined based on actual sales of servicing rights on loans with similar 
characteristics. The fair value of the mortgage loan commitments and related servicing rights is included in Lennar 
Financial Services’ other assets.

Lennar Financial Services forward contracts— Fair value is based on quoted market prices for similar 

financial instruments. The fair value of forward contracts is included in the Lennar Financial Services segment's other 
assets as of November 30, 2017 and November 30, 2016.

The Lennar Financial Services segment uses mandatory mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") forward 

commitments, option contracts and investor commitments to hedge its mortgage-related interest rate exposure. These 
instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk. Credit risk associated with MBS 
forward commitments, option contracts and loan sales transactions is managed by limiting the Company’s counterparties 
to investment banks, federally regulated bank affiliates and other investors meeting the Company’s credit standards. The 
segment’s risk, in the event of default by the purchaser, is the difference between the contract price and fair value of the 
MBS forward commitments and option contracts. At November 30, 2017, the segment had open commitments 
amounting to $1.1 billion to sell MBS with varying settlement dates through February 2018.

Lennar Financial Services mortgage servicing rights — Lennar Financial Services records the value of 

mortgage servicing rights when it sells loans on a servicing-retained basis or through the acquisition or assumption of the 
right to service a financial asset. The fair value of the mortgage servicing rights is calculated using third-party valuations. 
The key assumptions, which are generally unobservable inputs, used in the valuation of the mortgage servicing rights 
include mortgage prepayment rates, discount rates and delinquency rates. As of November 30, 2017, the key assumptions 
used in determining the fair value include a 13.1% mortgage prepayment rate, a 12.3% discount rate and a 9.9% 
delinquency rate. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights is included in the Lennar Financial Services segment's other 
assets.

The changes in fair values for Level 1 and Level 2 financial instruments measured on a recurring basis are 

shown below by financial instrument and financial statement line item:

(In thousands)
Changes in fair value included in Lennar Financial Services
revenues:

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

2015

Loans held-for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Mortgage loan commitments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Forward contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Investments available-for-sale. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

20,309
2,436
(24,786)
(12)

(19,865)
(5,623)
25,936
53

Changes in fair value included in Rialto revenues:

Credit default swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

(2,367)

(2,063)

Changes in fair value included in other comprehensive income

(loss), net of tax:

Lennar Financial Services investments available-for-sale . . . . . . $

1,331

(295)

(4,137)
373
8,107
26

477

(65)

Interest on Lennar Financial Services loans held-for-sale and Rialto loans held-for-sale measured at fair value is 
calculated based on the interest rate of the loan and recorded as revenues in the Lennar Financial Services’ statement of 
operations and Rialto's statement of operations, respectively.

111

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The following table represents the reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for the Level 3 recurring 

fair value measurements:

Years Ended November 30,

2017

2016

Lennar
Financial
Services
Mortgage

Rialto

Rialto

Lennar
Financial
Services
Mortgage

(In thousands)
Beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Purchases/loan originations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales/loan originations sold, including those not settled. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Disposals/settlements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Changes in fair value (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest and principal paydowns . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
End of year. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
(1)  Changes in fair value for Rialto loans held-for-sale and Lennar Financial Services mortgage servicing rights are included in 

RMF loans
held-for-sale
126,947
1,583,876
— (1,474,714)
—
(301)
(1,405)
234,403

RMF loans
held-for-sale
316,275
1,696,188
— (1,881,682)
—
(1,759)
(2,075)
126,947

servicing rights
23,930
10,479

servicing rights
16,770
9,195

(3,912)
666
—
31,163

(4,063)
2,028
—
23,930

Rialto's and Lennar Financial Services' revenues, respectively.

The Company’s assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are those assets for which the Company 

has recorded valuation adjustments and write-offs. The fair values included in the tables below represent only those 
assets whose carrying values were adjusted to fair value during the respective periods disclosed. The assets measured at 
fair value on a nonrecurring basis are summarized below:

2017

Years Ended November 30,

2016

2015

Fair
Value

Hierarchy

Carrying

Value

Fair
Value

Total 
Gains
(Losses) 

(1)

Carrying

Value

Fair
Value

Total
Gains
(Losses)

(1)

Carrying

Value

Fair
Value

Total
Gains
(Losses)

(1)

(In thousands)
Financial assets
Rialto:

Impaired loans
receivable . . . . . . . . Level 3
FDIC Portfolios
loans held-for-sale. . Level 3

Non-financial assets
Lennar
Homebuilding:

$ 31,561

18,885

(12,676)

79,581

61,352

(18,229)

127,319

116,956

(10,363)

32,018

12,072

(19,946)

—

—

—

—

—

—

Finished homes and

construction in
progress (2). . . . . . . Level 3

Land and land under

development (2) . . . Level 3

$

$

8,601

6,771

4,227

(4,374)

—

—

—

59,913

47,898

(12,015)

3,094

(3,677)

29,418

22,925

(6,493)

32,500

20,033

(12,467)

Rialto:
REO, net (3) . . . . . . . . .
Upon acquisition/

transfer . . . . . . . . . . Level 3

Upon management

periodic valuations . Level 3

$ 27,640

26,591

(1,049)

53,154

54,443

1,289

59,829

58,517

(1,312)

$145,251

81,677

(63,574)

105,830

81,454

(24,376)

44,796

32,430

(12,366)

(1)  Represents losses due to valuation adjustments, write-offs, gains (losses) from transfers or acquisitions of real estate through 

foreclosure and REO impairments recorded during the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

(2)  Valuation adjustments were included in Lennar Homebuilding costs and expenses in the Company's consolidated statement of 

operations for the year ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

(3)  REO held-for-sale assets are initially recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell at the time of the transfer or acquisition 

through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure. The fair value of REO held-for-sale is based upon appraised value at the time of 
foreclosure or management's best estimate. In addition, management periodically performs valuations of its REO held-for-sale. 
The gains (losses) upon the transfer or acquisition of REO and impairments were included in Rialto other income (expense), net, 
in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

See Note 1 for a detailed description of the Company’s process for identifying and recording valuation 

adjustments related to Lennar Homebuilding inventory and Rialto REO assets and loans receivables.

112

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

16. Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities

The Company evaluated the joint venture agreements of its joint ventures that were formed or that had 

reconsideration events during the year ended November 30, 2017. Based on the Company’s evaluation, during the year 
ended November 30, 2017, the Company consolidated an entity that had total combined assets of $48.7 million and 
liabilities of $1.5 million. During the year ended November 30, 2017, there were no VIEs that were deconsolidated. 

The Company’s recorded investments in unconsolidated entities were as follows:

(In thousands)
Lennar Homebuilding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Multifamily. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

November 30,

2017

2016

900,769
265,418
407,544

811,723
245,741
318,559

Consolidated VIEs

As of November 30, 2017, the carrying amount of the VIEs’ assets and non-recourse liabilities that consolidated 
was $799.4 million and $389.7 million, respectively. As of November 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the VIEs’ assets 
and non-recourse liabilities that consolidated was $536.3 million and $126.4 million, respectively. Those assets are 
owned by, and those liabilities are obligations of, the VIEs, not the Company.

A VIE’s assets can only be used to settle obligations of that VIE. The VIEs are not guarantors of the Company’s 

senior notes and other debts payable. The assets held by a VIE usually are collateral for that VIE’s debt. The Company 
and other partners do not generally have an obligation to make capital contributions to a VIE unless the Company and/or 
the other partner(s) have entered into debt guarantees with the VIE’s banks. Other than debt guarantee agreements with a 
VIE’s banks, there are no liquidity arrangements or agreements to fund capital or purchase assets that could require the 
Company to provide financial support to a VIE. While the Company has option contracts to purchase land from certain 
of its VIEs, the Company is not required to purchase the assets and could walk away from the contracts.

Unconsolidated VIEs

At November 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company’s recorded investments in VIEs that are unconsolidated and its 

estimated maximum exposure to loss were as follows:
November 30, 2017

(In thousands)
Lennar Homebuilding (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily (3). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

November 30, 2016

(In thousands)
Lennar Homebuilding (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Rialto (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily (3). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Investments in
Unconsolidated

VIEs

181,804
179,659
345,175
706,638

Lennar’s
Maximum

Exposure to Loss
248,909
179,659
503,364
931,932

Investments in
Unconsolidated

VIEs

120,940
71,260
240,928
433,128

Lennar’s
Maximum

Exposure to Loss
164,804
71,260
549,093
785,157

113

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

(1)  At both November 30, 2017 and 2016, the maximum exposure to loss of Lennar Homebuilding’s investments in unconsolidated 
VIEs was limited to its investments in the unconsolidated VIEs, except with regard to repayment guarantees of unconsolidated 
entities' debt of $61.6 million and $43.4 million, respectively. 

(2)  At both November 30, 2017 and 2016, the maximum recourse exposure to loss of Rialto’s investments in unconsolidated VIEs 

was limited to its investments in the unconsolidated entities VIEs. At November 30, 2017 and 2016, investments in 
unconsolidated VIEs and Lennar’s maximum exposure to loss included $179.7 million and $71.3 million, respectively, related to 
Rialto’s investments held-to-maturity.

(3)  As of November 30, 2017 and 2016, the remaining equity commitment of $153.3 million and $288.2 million, respectively, to 
fund the Venture for future expenditures related to the construction and development of its projects was included in Lennar's 
maximum exposure to loss. In addition, at November 30, 2017 and 2016, the maximum exposure to loss of Lennar Multifamily's 
investments in unconsolidated VIEs was limited to its investments in the unconsolidated VIEs, except with regard to $4.6 million 
and $19.7 million, respectively, of letters of credit outstanding for certain of the unconsolidated VIEs that could be drawn upon in 
the event of default under their debt agreements. 

While these entities are VIEs, the Company has determined that the power to direct the activities of the VIEs 

that most significantly impact the VIEs’ economic performance is generally shared and the Company and its partners are 
not de-facto agents. While the Company generally manages the day-to-day operations of the VIEs, each of these VIEs 
has an executive committee made up of representatives from each partner. The members of the executive committee have 
equal votes and major decisions require unanimous consent and approval from all members. The Company does not have 
the unilateral ability to exercise participating voting rights without partner consent.

As of November 30, 2017, the Company and other partners do not generally have an obligation to make capital 

contributions to the VIEs, except for $153.3 million remaining equity commitment to fund the Venture for future 
expenditures related to the construction and development of the projects and $4.6 million of letters of credit outstanding 
for certain Lennar Multifamily unconsolidated VIEs that could be drawn upon in the event of default under their debt 
agreements. In addition, there are no liquidity arrangements or agreements to fund capital or purchase assets that could 
require the Company to provide financial support to the VIEs, except with regard to $61.6 million repayment guarantees 
of two unconsolidated entities' debt. Except for the unconsolidated VIEs discussed above, the Company and the other 
partners did not guarantee any debt of the other unconsolidated VIEs. While the Company has option contracts to 
purchase land from certain of its unconsolidated VIEs, the Company is not required to purchase the assets and could 
walk away from the contracts.

Option Contracts

The Company has access to land through option contracts, which generally enables it to control portions of 

properties owned by third parties (including land funds) and unconsolidated entities until the Company has determined 
whether to exercise the option.

The Company evaluates all option contracts for land to determine whether they are VIEs and, if so, whether the 
Company is the primary beneficiary of certain of these option contracts. Although the Company does not have legal title 
to the optioned land, if the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary or makes a significant deposit for optioned 
land, it may need to consolidate the land under option at the purchase price of the optioned land.

During the year ended November 30, 2017, consolidated inventory not owned increased by $272.3 million with 

a corresponding increase to liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned in the accompanying consolidated 
balance sheet as of November 30, 2017. The increase was primarily related to a transaction in which one of the 
Company’s unconsolidated entities sold 475 homesites to a third-party land bank and simultaneous with the purchase by 
the land bank, the Company entered into an option contract to purchase all 475 homesites from the land bank. The 
Company consolidated the option contract with the land bank due to an amount that the Company would have to pay if 
the Company defaults under the option contract. The consolidation resulted in a $320.1 million increase in consolidated 
inventory not owned and liabilities related to consolidated not owned. The increase from the land bank transaction was 
partially offset by the Company exercising its option to acquire land under previously consolidated contracts. To reflect 
the purchase price of the inventory consolidated, the Company had a net reclass related to option deposits from land 
under development to consolidated inventory not owned in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of 
November 30, 2017. The liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned primarily represent the difference 
between the option exercise prices for the optioned land and the Company’s cash deposits.

The Company’s exposure to loss related to its option contracts with third parties and unconsolidated entities 
consisted of its non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs totaling $137.0 million and $85.0 million at 
November 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Additionally, the Company had posted $51.8 million and $45.1 million of 
letters of credit in lieu of cash deposits under certain land and option contracts as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.

114

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

17. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

The Company is party to various claims, legal actions and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. 
In the opinion of management, the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
consolidated financial statements. The Company is also a party to various lawsuits involving purchases and sales of real 
property. These lawsuits include claims regarding representations and warranties made in connection with the transfer of 
properties and disputes regarding the obligation to purchase or sell properties. 

The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these claims or lawsuits will have a material 

adverse effect on its business or financial position. However, the financial effect of litigation concerning purchases and 
sales of property may depend upon the value of the subject property, which may have changed from the time the 
agreement for purchase or sale was entered into.

The Company is subject to the usual obligations associated with entering into contracts (including option 
contracts) for the purchase, development and sale of real estate, which it does in the routine conduct of its business. 
Option contracts generally enable the Company to control portions of properties owned by third parties (including land 
funds) and unconsolidated entities until the Company determines whether to exercise the option. The use of option 
contracts allows the Company to reduce the financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. At November 30, 
2017, the Company had $137.0 million of non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to certain of 
these homesites, which were included in inventories in the consolidated balance sheet.

The Company was in litigation since 2008 in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland 

regarding whether the Company was required by a contract it entered into in 2005 to purchase a property in Maryland. 
After entering into the contract, the Company later renegotiated the purchase price during the downturn, reducing it from 
$200 million to $134 million, $20 million of which has been paid and subsequently written off, leaving a balance of $114 
million. In January 2015, the District Court rendered a decision ordering the Company to purchase the property for the 
$114 million balance of the contract price, to pay interest at the rate of 12% per annum from May 27, 2008, and to 
reimburse the seller for real estate taxes and attorneys’ fees. The Company believed the decision was contrary to 
applicable law and appealed the decision. 

On March 23, 2017, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit held oral argument in the appeal. 
Following oral argument, the Company concluded that it was appropriate to establish an accrual of $140 million for the 
litigation. The accrual represented the expected liability associated with the litigation, and did not include the Company’s 
estimate of the fair value of the property. On April 12, 2017, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit 
issued a decision upholding the lower court’s decision. The Company subsequently purchased the property for $114 
million, which approximated the Company's estimate of the fair value of the property, and paid approximately $124 
million in interest and other closing costs. The Company previously accrued for the amount it expected to pay as 
reimbursement for attorney’s fees.

The Company has entered into agreements to lease certain office facilities and equipment under operating 
leases. Future minimum payments under the noncancellable leases in effect at November 30, 2017 were as follows:

(In thousands)
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Lease

Payments

37,891
35,403
27,669
21,091
10,320
12,461

Rental expense for the years ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $74.6 million, $63.2 million and 

$55.9 million, respectively.

The Company is committed, under various letters of credit, to perform certain development and construction 

activities and provide certain guarantees in the normal course of business. Outstanding letters of credit under these 
arrangements totaled $511.8 million at November 30, 2017. Additionally, at November 30, 2017, the Company had 
outstanding surety bonds of $1.3 billion including performance surety bonds related to site improvements at various 
projects(including certain projects in the Company’s joint ventures) and financial surety bonds. Although significant 
development and construction activities have been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are 
generally not released until all development and construction activities are completed. As of November 30, 2017, there 
were approximately $570.4 million, or 44%, of anticipated future costs to complete related to these site improvements. 
The Company does not presently anticipate any draws upon these bonds that would have a material effect on its 
consolidated financial statements.

115

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Substantially all of the loans the Lennar Financial Services segment originates are sold within a short period in 
the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. After the loans are sold, the Company retains 
potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that it breached certain limited industry-standard representations and 
warranties in the loan sale agreements. Over the last several years there has been an industry-wide effort by purchasers to 
defray their losses by purporting to have found inaccuracies related to sellers’ representations and warranties in particular 
loan sale agreements. Mortgage investors could seek to have the Company buy back mortgage loans or compensate them 
for losses incurred on mortgage loans that the Company has sold based on claims that the Company breached its limited 
representations or warranties. The Company’s mortgage operations have established reserves for possible losses 
associated with mortgage loans previously originated and sold to investors. While the Company believes that it has 
adequately reserved for known losses and projected repurchase requests, given the volatility in the mortgage industry and 
the uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, if either actual repurchases or the losses incurred 
resolving those repurchases exceed the Company’s expectations, additional recourse expense may be incurred.

18. Supplemental Financial Information

The indentures governing the Company’s 6.95% senior notes due 2018, 4.125% senior notes due 2018, 4.500% 

senior notes due 2019, 4.50% senior notes due 2019, 2.95% senior notes due 2020, 4.750% senior notes due 2021, 
4.125% senior notes due 2022, 4.750% senior notes due 2022, 4.875% senior notes due 2023, 4.500% senior notes due 
2024, 4.750% senior notes due 2025 and 4.75% senior notes due 2027 require that, if any of the Company’s 100% 
owned subsidiaries, other than its finance company subsidiaries and foreign subsidiaries, directly or indirectly guarantee 
at least $75 million principal amount of debt of Lennar Corporation, those subsidiaries must also guarantee Lennar 
Corporation’s obligations with regard to its senior notes. The entities referred to as "guarantors" in the following tables 
are subsidiaries that are not finance company subsidiaries or foreign subsidiaries and were guaranteeing the senior notes 
because at November 30, 2017 they were guaranteeing Lennar Corporation's letter of credit facilities and its Credit 
Facility, described in Note 7. The guarantees are full, unconditional and joint and several and the guarantor subsidiaries 
are 100% directly or indirectly owned by Lennar Corporation. A subsidiary's guarantee will be suspended at any time 
when it is not directly or indirectly guaranteeing at least $75 million principal amount of debt of Lennar Corporation, and 
a subsidiary will be released from its guarantee and any other obligations it may have regarding the senior notes if all or 
substantially all its assets, or all of its capital stock, are sold or otherwise disposed of. 

For purposes of the consolidating statement of cash flows included in the following supplemental financial 
information, the Company's accounting policy is to treat cash received by Lennar Corporation ("the Parent") from its 
subsidiaries, to the extent of net earnings from such subsidiaries as a dividend and accordingly a return on investment 
within cash flows from operating activities. Distributions of capital received by the Parent from its subsidiaries are 
reflected as cash flows from investing activities. The cash outflows associated with the return on investment dividends 
and distributions of capital received by the Parent are reflected by the Guarantor and Non-Guarantor subsidiaries in the 
Dividends line item within cash flows from financing activities. All other cash flows between the Parent and its 
subsidiaries represent the settlement of receivables and payables between such entities in conjunction with the Parent's 
centralized cash management arrangement with its subsidiaries, which operates with the characteristics of a revolving 
credit facility, and are accordingly reflected net in the Intercompany line item within cash flows from investing activities 
for the Parent and net in the Intercompany line item within cash flows from financing activities for the Guarantor and 
Non-Guarantor subsidiaries.

116

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Supplemental information for the subsidiaries that were guarantor subsidiaries at November 30, 2017 was as 

follows:

Consolidating Balance Sheet

November 30, 2017

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

(In thousands)
ASSETS
Lennar Homebuilding:

Cash and cash equivalents, restricted

cash and receivables, net. . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1,945,024

Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in unconsolidated entities. . .
Goodwill. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in subsidiaries. . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

462,336
— 10,560,996
884,294
—
—
136,566
520,899
246,490
52,237
4,446,309
7,881,306
—
12,617,328
14,519,129
—
130,184
—
—
Total assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $14,519,129

21,972
299,894
16,475
—
114,431
—
—
452,772
1,561,525
— 1,153,840
—
710,725
3,878,862
12,747,512

Lennar Financial Services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

— 2,429,332
— 10,860,890
900,769
—
—
136,566
(18,416)
863,404
(4,498,546)
—
(7,881,306)
—
(12,398,268)
15,190,961
(2,201)
1,689,508
— 1,153,840
—
710,725
(12,400,469)
18,745,034

635,227

1,011,051

294,933

(20,617)

1,920,594

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Lennar Homebuilding:

Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . $
Liabilities related to consolidated

inventory not owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Senior notes and other debts payable . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
6,011,585

Lennar Financial Services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6,646,812
—
—
—
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6,646,812
Stockholders’ equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,872,317
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,872,317
Total liabilities and equity . . . . . . . $14,519,129

367,220
394,365
— 6,775,719
8,548,355
48,700
—
—
8,597,055
4,150,457
—
4,150,457
12,747,512

13,500
4,053
1,105,587
1,418,073
1,129,114
720,056
149,715
3,416,958
348,089
113,815
461,904
3,878,862

(7,881,306)
(7,901,923)

—
380,720
— 6,410,003
—
8,711,317
— 1,177,814
720,056
—
—
149,715
(7,901,923)
10,758,902
(4,498,546)
7,872,317
—
113,815
(4,498,546)
7,986,132
(12,400,469)
18,745,034

117

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Consolidating Balance Sheet

November 30, 2016

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

(In thousands)
ASSETS
Lennar Homebuilding:

Cash and cash equivalents, restricted

cash and receivables, net. . . . . . . . . . . . $

Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in unconsolidated entities. . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments in subsidiaries. . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

705,126

436,090
— 8,901,874
—
793,840
346,865
227,267
130,878
3,918,687
7,017,962
—
10,609,547
11,869,042

21,875
277,052
17,883
84,224
—
—
401,034

— 1,163,091
— 9,178,926
—
811,723
(7,328)
651,028
(4,049,565)
—
(7,017,962)
—
(11,074,855)
11,804,768

Lennar Financial Services loans held-for-

sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services all other assets .
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
—
—
—
Total assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $11,869,042

—
103,000

939,405
715,758
— 1,276,210
526,131
—
10,712,547
3,858,538

—
(3,491)

939,405
815,267
— 1,276,210
—
526,131
(11,078,346)
15,361,781

473,103

778,249

79,462

(10,819)

1,319,995

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Lennar Homebuilding:

Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . $
Liabilities related to consolidated

inventory not owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Senior notes and other debts payable . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
4,369,897

Lennar Financial Services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4,843,000
—
—
—
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4,843,000
7,026,042
Stockholders’ equity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
—
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
7,026,042
Total liabilities and equity . . . . . . . $11,869,042

13,582
203,572
— 6,071,778
7,067,181
38,530
—
—
7,105,711
3,606,836
—
3,606,836
10,712,547

96,424
2,508
946,184
1,124,578
1,279,753
707,980
117,973
3,230,284
442,729
185,525
628,254
3,858,538

(7,017,962)
(7,028,781)

—
110,006
— 4,575,977
—
6,005,978
— 1,318,283
707,980
—
—
117,973
(7,028,781)
8,150,214
(4,049,565)
7,026,042
—
185,525
(4,049,565)
7,211,567
(11,078,346)
15,361,781

118

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income

Year Ended November 30, 2017

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

(In thousands)
Revenues:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

— 11,118,553
307,892
—
—
—
—
—
— 11,426,445

Cost and expenses:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate general and administrative . . . .
Total costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . .

— 9,676,548
—
280,349
—
—
—
—
279,490
1,338
9,958,235
279,490

81,689
482,227
281,243
394,906
1,240,065

79,338
355,147
247,762
407,078
—
1,089,325

— 11,200,242
770,109
281,243
394,771
12,646,365

(20,010)
—
(135)
(20,145)

(3,617)
(20,911)
(213)
—
5,061
(19,680)

9,752,269
614,585
247,549
407,078
285,889
11,307,370

—

465
—

—
—

(61,708)

22,774
(140,000)

25,447
(81,636)

—

(61,400)

(427)
—

17,488
(140,000)

(308)

5,248
—

—
—

—
—

25,447
(81,636)

—
(279,917)
95,228
995,169

—
1,284,298
(427,961)
72,104

85,739
185,230
(85,124)

85,739
—
— 1,189,611
(417,857)
—
— (1,067,273)
—

810,480

928,441

100,106

(1,067,273)

771,754

—
810,480

—
928,441

(38,726)
138,832

—
(1,067,273)

(38,726)
810,480

—

—

—

—

—

—

1,331

12

1,343

—

—

—

1,331

12

1,343

810,480

928,441

140,175

(1,067,273)

811,823

—

—

(38,726)

—

(38,726)

119

Lennar Homebuilding equity in loss from

unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding other income (expense),
net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding loss due to litigation . . .
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated
entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto other expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from

unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Earnings (loss) before income taxes . . . . . . . . .
Benefit (provision) for income taxes. . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings from subsidiaries . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings (including net loss attributable to
noncontrolling interests) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling

interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . $
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Net unrealized gains on securities available-

for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Reclassification adjustments for losses

included in net earnings, net of tax . . . . . . . .

Total other comprehensive income, net of

tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total comprehensive income attributable to

Lennar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Total comprehensive loss attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended November 30, 2016

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

(In thousands)
Revenues:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

— 9,731,122
215,737
—
—
—
—
—
— 9,946,859

10,215
491,536
233,966
287,527
1,023,244

Cost and expenses:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate general and administrative . . . .
Total costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings (loss)
from unconsolidated entities . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding other income (expense),
net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated
entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto other expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from

unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Earnings (loss) before income taxes . . . . . . . . .
Benefit (provision) for income taxes. . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings from subsidiaries . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings (including net earnings

attributable to noncontrolling interests). . . . .

Less: Net earnings attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . $
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax:
Net unrealized loss on securities available-for-

sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Reclassification adjustments for gains included

in net earnings, net of tax. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax. . .
Total comprehensive income attributable to

Lennar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Total comprehensive income attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

— 9,741,337
687,255
233,966
287,441
10,949,999

(20,018)
—
(86)
(20,104)

(13,012)
(9,397)
(796)
—
5,061
(18,144)

8,399,881
523,638
229,769
301,786
232,562
9,687,636

—

(49,275)

1,960

52,751

— 8,389,469
—
192,572
—
—
—
—
226,482
1,019
8,583,060
226,482

—

(49,662)

(1,922)

49,976

23,424
340,463
230,565
301,786
—
896,238

387

2,737

—
—

—
—

18,961
(39,850)

—
—

18,961
(39,850)

—
(228,404)
71,719
1,068,529

—
1,364,113
(419,596)
63,278

85,519
194,760
(69,501)

—
85,519
— 1,330,469
(417,378)
—
— (1,131,807)
—

911,844

1,007,795

125,259

(1,131,807)

913,091

—
911,844

—
1,007,795

1,247
124,012

—
(1,131,807)

1,247
911,844

—

—
—

—

—
—

(295)

(53)
(348)

—

—
—

(295)

(53)
(348)

911,844

1,007,795

123,664

(1,131,807)

911,496

—

—

1,247

—

1,247

120

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Consolidating Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Year Ended November 30, 2015

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

(In thousands)
Revenues:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

— 8,466,945
194,993
—
—
—
—
—
— 8,661,938

Cost and expenses:

Lennar Homebuilding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Financial Services . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate general and administrative . . . .
Total costs and expenses . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding equity in earnings from
unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Homebuilding other income (expense),
net. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated
entities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rialto other income, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lennar Multifamily equity in earnings from

unconsolidated entities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Earnings (loss) before income taxes . . . . . . . . .
Benefit (provision) for income taxes. . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings from subsidiaries . . . . . . . . .
Net earnings (including earnings attributable

to noncontrolling interests) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Less: Net earnings attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net earnings attributable to Lennar . . . . . . . $
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax:
Net unrealized loss on securities available-for-

sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Reclassification adjustments for gains included

in net earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax. . .
Total comprehensive income attributable to

Lennar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Total comprehensive income attributable to

noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

—
445,535
221,923
164,639
832,097

49,327
316,003
223,933
191,302
—
780,565

14,239

17,660

22,293
12,254

— 8,466,945
620,527
221,923
164,613
9,474,008

(20,001)
—
(26)
(20,027)

(15,983)
(5,076)
(1,058)
—
5,061
(17,056)

—

2,971

—
—

7,264,839
492,732
222,875
191,302
216,244
8,387,992

63,373

6,162

22,293
12,254

— 7,231,495
—
181,805
—
—
—
—
210,377
806
7,414,106
210,377

—

49,134

(6,918)

(7,551)

—
—

—
—

—
(217,295)
71,099
949,090

—
1,289,415
(412,301)
51,956

19,518
137,496
(49,214)

—
19,518
— 1,209,616
(390,416)
—
— (1,001,046)
—

802,894

929,070

88,282

(1,001,046)

819,200

—
802,894

—
929,070

16,306
71,976

—
(1,001,046)

16,306
802,894

—

—
—

—

—
—

(65)

(26)
(91)

—

—
—

(65)

(26)
(91)

802,894

929,070

71,885

(1,001,046)

802,803

—

—

16,306

—

16,306

121

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

Year Ended November 30, 2017

(In thousands)
Cash flows from operating activities:

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

Net earnings (including net loss attributable

to noncontrolling interests). . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Distributions of earnings from guarantor and
non-guarantor subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other adjustments to reconcile net earnings

(including net loss attributable to
noncontrolling interests) to net cash
provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . .
Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . .
Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from sale of operating properties . .
Investments in and contributions to

unconsolidated entities, net of
distributions of capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sales of real estate owned . . .
Receipts of principal payments on loans

held-for-sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Originations of loans receivable . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases of commercial mortgage-backed

securities bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition, net of cash acquired. . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions of capital from guarantor and

non-guarantor subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash used in investing activities . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from financing activities:

Net repayments under warehouse facilities . .
Proceeds from senior notes and debt

issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Redemption of senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net proceeds on Rialto notes payable . . . . . .
Net proceeds on other borrowings . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds on other liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net payments related to noncontrolling

interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefits from share-based awards
Common stock:

810,480

928,441

100,106

(1,067,273)

771,754

995,169

72,104

— (1,067,273)

—

(739,947)
1,065,702

(246,983)
753,562

144,767
244,873

1,067,273
(1,067,273)

—

—
—

—
—

—
(611,103)
(35,251)

115,000
(865,364)
(1,396,718)

60,326

—

(181,101)
—

—
—

—
—
(49,356)

80,000
—
(90,131)

(41,876)
86,565

11,251
(98,375)

(107,262)
—
96,365

—
—
(53,332)

—

—
—

—
—

—
—
—

(195,000)
865,364
670,364

225,110
996,864

60,326

(222,977)
86,565

11,251
(98,375)

(107,262)
(611,103)
11,758

—
—
(869,817)

—

(104)

(199,580)

—

(199,684)

2,433,539
(800,000)
—
—
—

—
1,981

—
(258,595)
—
(104,471)
—

—
—

(12,129)
—
74,666
(4,024)
195,541

(68,586)
—

Issuances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

720
(27,054)
(37,608)
—

—
—
(1,018,441)
700,197

—
—
(243,832)
165,167

—
—
1,262,273
(865,364)

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
697,112
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period. . . . $ 1,937,674

1,240,562

1,571,578

(681,414)

(92,777)

396,909

1,194,296

(17,983)

98,764

— 1,321,343

377,070
359,087

255,347
354,111

— 1,329,529
— 2,650,872

122

— 2,421,410
— (1,058,595)
—
74,666
(108,495)
—
—
195,541

—
—

(68,586)
1,981

720
(27,054)
(37,608)
—

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

Year Ended November 30, 2016

(In thousands)
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net earnings (including net earnings

attributable to noncontrolling interests) . . . $

Distributions of earnings from guarantor and
non-guarantor subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other adjustments to reconcile net earnings

(including net earnings attributable to
noncontrolling interests) to net cash
provided by (used in) operating activities .

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from sale of operating properties . .
(Investments in and contributions to) and

distributions of capital from
unconsolidated entities, net . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sales of real estate owned . . .
Receipts of principal payments on loans

receivable and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Originations of loans receivable . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases of commercial mortgage-backed

securities bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions of capital from guarantor and

non-guarantor subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

911,844

1,007,795

125,259

(1,131,807)

913,091

1,068,529

63,278

— (1,131,807)

—

(1,083,418)

(231,877)

(221,799)

1,131,807

(405,287)

896,955

839,196

(96,540)

(1,131,807)

507,804

—

—
—

—
—

—
(11,709)

40,000
(787,185)

25,288

—

36,962
97,871

84,433
(56,507)

(42,436)
(23,579)

(139,533)
—

—
—

—
(56,627)

34,000
—

—

—
—

—
—

—
—

25,288

(102,571)
97,871

84,433
(56,507)

(42,436)
(91,915)

—
—

—
—

(74,000)
787,185

Net cash provided by (used in) investing
activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from financing activities:

(758,894)

(136,872)

96,744

713,185

(85,837)

Net borrowings under warehouse facilities . .
Proceeds from senior notes and debt

issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Redemption of senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Conversions and exchanges of convertible

senior notes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Principal payments on Rialto notes payable
including structured notes . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net payments on other borrowings . . . . . . . .
Net payments related to noncontrolling

interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefits from share-based awards
Common stock:

Issuances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period. . . . $

—

116

107,349

—
—

—

—
(165,463)

—
—

—
—
(1,047,795)
551,840

(661,302)
41,022

336,048
377,070

(1,690)
—

—

(39,026)
(8,342)

(127,057)
—

—
—
(158,012)
235,345

8,567
8,771

246,576
255,347

495,974
(250,000)

(234,028)

—
—

—
7,039

19,471
(19,902)
(35,324)
—

(16,770)
121,291

575,821
697,112

123

—

—

—

—
—

—
—

—
—
1,205,807
(787,185)

107,465

494,284
(250,000)

(234,028)

(39,026)
(173,805)

(127,057)
7,039

19,471
(19,902)
(35,324)
—

418,622
—

(250,883)
171,084

— 1,158,445
— 1,329,529

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

Year Ended November 30, 2015

Lennar

Corporation

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Total

(In thousands)
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net earnings (including net earnings

attributable to noncontrolling interests) . . . $

Distributions of earnings from guarantor and
non-guarantor subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other adjustments to reconcile net earnings

(including net earnings attributable to
noncontrolling interests) to net cash
provided by (used in) operating activities .

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from sale of operating properties . .
Investments in and contributions to

unconsolidated entities, net of
distributions of capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sales of real estate owned . . .
Receipts of principal payments on loans

receivable and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Origination of Rialto loans receivable . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions of capital from guarantor and

non-guarantor subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net cash provided by (used in) investing
activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash flows from financing activities:

Net borrowings under warehouse facilities . .
Proceeds from senior notes and debt

issuance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Redemption of senior notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Conversion and exchanges of convertible

senior notes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Principal payments on Rialto notes payable
including structured notes . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net payments on other borrowings . . . . . . . .
Net payments related to noncontrolling

interests. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefits from share-based awards
Common stock:

802,894

929,070

88,282

(1,001,046)

819,200

949,090

51,956

— (1,001,046)

—

(782,575)

(861,284)

(596,033)

1,001,046

(1,238,846)

969,409

119,742

(507,751)

(1,001,046)

(419,646)

—

—
—

—
—
(5,988)

73,732

—

(90,267)
—

—
—
(96,180)

(5,674)
155,295

28,389
(78,703)
(78,997)

—

—
—

—
—
—

115,000
(1,514,775)

115,050
—

(230,050)
—
— 1,514,775

73,732

(95,941)
155,295

28,389
(78,703)
(181,165)

—
—

(1,405,763)

2,335

20,310

1,284,725

(98,393)

—

1,137,826
(500,000)

(212,107)

—

—
—

—

—
—

—
113

—
(156,490)

—
—

366,290

—

366,290

(2,986)
—

—

(58,923)
—

(132,078)
—

—
—
(187,026)
353,158

— 1,134,840
(500,000)
—

—

—
—

—
—

—
—
1,231,096
(1,514,775)

(212,107)

(58,923)
(156,490)

(132,078)
113

9,405
(23,188)
(33,192)
—

Issuances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9,405
(23,188)
(33,192)

—
—
(1,044,070)
— 1,161,617

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period . . . $

378,857

(38,943)

338,435

(283,679)

394,670

(57,497)

83,134

(149,006)

—

(123,369)

633,318
575,821

252,914
336,048

395,582
246,576

— 1,281,814
— 1,158,445

124

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

19. Quarterly Data (unaudited)

First

Second

Third

Fourth

(In thousands, except per share amounts)
2017
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Gross profit from sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Net earnings attributable to Lennar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Earnings per share:

Basic (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Diluted (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

2016
Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Gross profit from sales of homes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Earnings before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Net earnings attributable to Lennar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Earnings per share:

2,337,428
419,165
49,643
38,080

0.16
0.16

1,993,664
398,946
201,693
144,080

3,261,892
616,875
309,600
213,645

0.89
0.89

2,745,815
561,523
327,839
218,469

3,261,476
650,411
368,385
249,165

1.04
1.04

2,833,894
551,676
339,558
235,842

3,785,569
747,502
461,983
309,590

1.29
1.29

3,376,626
683,519
461,379
313,453

Basic (1). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Diluted (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

1.34
1.31
(1)  Basic and diluted earnings per share calculations have been retroactively adjusted in each of the periods presented to reflect the 

0.66
0.62

0.99
0.93

1.02
0.99

4.7 million Class B shares distributed as a part of the stock dividend on November 27, 2017.

Quarterly and year-to-date computations of per share amounts are made independently. Therefore, the sum of 

per share amounts for the quarters may not agree with per share amounts for the year.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

Not applicable.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer participated in an evaluation by our management of 
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on 
their participation in that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were 
effective as of November 30, 2017 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the 
time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and to ensure that information 
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or furnished under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is 
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely 
decisions regarding required disclosures.

Our CEO and CFO also participated in an evaluation by our management of any changes in our internal control 
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended November 30, 2017. That evaluation did not identify any 
changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial 
reporting.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent 

Registered Public Accounting Firm obtained from Deloitte & Touche LLP relating to the effectiveness of Lennar 
Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting are included elsewhere in this document.

125

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 

reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of 
our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control 
over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial 
reporting was effective as of November 30, 2017. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of 
November 30, 2017 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as 
stated in their attestation report which is included herein.

126

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Lennar Corporation and subsidiaries (the 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lennar Corporation
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
"Company") as of November 30, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lennar Corporation
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company’s 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Lennar Corporation and subsidiaries (the 
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of 
"Company") as of November 30, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework 
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual 
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company’s 
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual 
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and 
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such 
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an 
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis 
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and 
for our opinion.
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the 
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis 
company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by 
for our opinion.
the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies 
the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
financial statements.
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be 
financial statements.
prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of 
over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of 
collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control 
In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial 
over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of 
reporting as of November 30, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of 

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
reporting as of November 30, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) 
(United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended November 30, 2017 of the Company 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
and our report dated January 24, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended November 30, 2017 of the Company 
and our report dated January 24, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Certified Public Accountants
Miami, Florida
Certified Public Accountants
January 24, 2018
Miami, Florida
January 24, 2018

127

127

Item 9B. Other Information.

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The information required by this item for executive officers is set forth under the heading "Executive Officers of 

Lennar Corporation" in Part I. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our Chief 
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is 
located on our internet web site at www.lennar.com under "Investor Relations – Corporate Governance." We intend to 
provide disclosure of any amendments or waivers of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website within 
four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. The other information called for by this item is 
incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission not later than March 30, 2018 (120 days after the end of our fiscal year).

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, which will 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 30, 2018 (120 days after the end of our fiscal 
year).

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, which will 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 30, 2018 (120 days after the end of our fiscal 
year), except for the information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K, which is provided below.

The following table summarizes our equity compensation plans as of November 30, 2017:

Plan category
Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders . .
Equity compensation plans not approved by

stockholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Number of shares to be
issued upon exercise of
outstanding options,
warrants and rights (a)
20,000

—
20,000

(1)  Both shares of Class A and Class B common stock may be issued.

Weighted-average
exercise price of

outstanding

options, warrants

and rights

$

$

51.26

—
51.26

Number of shares

remaining available for
future issuance under
equity compensation
plans (excluding shares
reflected in column (a))

(1)
12,468,877

—
12,468,877

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, which will 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 30, 2018 (120 days after the end of our fiscal 
year).

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement, which will 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than March 30, 2018 (120 days after the end of our fiscal 
year).

128

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.
(a)  Documents filed as part of this Report.

1.  The following financial statements are contained in Item 8:

Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2017 and 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended

November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015. . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015. . . . . .
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2.  The following financial statement schedule is included in this Report:

Financial Statement Schedule
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Page in

this  Report

68
69

71
72
73
75

Page in

this  Report

133
134

Information required by other schedules has either been incorporated in the consolidated financial statements 

and accompanying notes or is not applicable to us.

3.  The following exhibits are filed with this Report or incorporated by reference:

2.1

2.2

3.1

3.2

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 22, 2016, among WCI Communities, Inc., Lennar
Corporation, Marlin Green Corp., and Marlin Blue LLC - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 22, 2016.
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 29, 2017, by and among Lennar Corporation, CalAtlantic
Group, Inc. and Cheetah Cub Group Corp - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company’s
Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 29, 2017.
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated January 14, 2015 - Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2014.
Bylaws of the Company, as amended effective October 3, 2013 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 4, 2013.

Indenture, dated as of December 31, 1997, between Lennar Corporation and Bank One Trust Company, N.A.,
as trustee - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3,
Registration No. 333-45527, filed with the Commission on February 3, 1998.

Indenture, dated May 4, 2010, between Lennar and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (relating to
Lennar’s 6.95% Senior Notes due 2018) - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s
Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 333-167622, filed with the Commission on June 18,
2010.
Indenture, dated October 23, 2012, between Lennar and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as trustee (relating to Lennar’s 4.750% Senior Notes due 2022) - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 of
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2012.
Indenture, dated February 4, 2013, between Lennar and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as trustee (relating to Lennar’s 4.125% Senior Notes due 2018) - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
the Company's Current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2013.
Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 12, 2014, among Lennar Corporation, each of the
guarantors identified therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 4.50%
Senior Notes due 2019 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 of the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, dated February 13, 2014.

129

4.6

4.7

4.8

4.9

4.10

4.11

4.12

4.13

10.1*

10.2*

10.3*

10.4*

10.5*

10.6

10.7

10.8

10.9

Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2014, among Lennar Corporation, each of the
guarantors identified therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 4.500%
Senior Notes due 2019 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 of the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, dated November 25, 2014.
Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2015, among Lennar Corporation, each of the guarantors
identified therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 4.750% Senior Notes
due 2025 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
April 29, 2015.
Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2015, among Lennar Corporation, each of the
guarantors identified therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 4.875%
Senior Notes due 2023 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 of the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, dated November 6, 2015.
Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 4, 2016, among Lennar Corporation, each of the
guarantors identified therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 4.750%
Senior Notes due 2021 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 of the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, dated March 4, 2016.
Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 20, 2017, among Lennar Corporation, each of the
guarantors identified therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 4.125%
Senior Notes due 2022- Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 of the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, dated January 20, 2017.
Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2017, among Lennar Corporation, each of the
guarantors identified therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 4.50%
Senior Notes due 2024 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 of the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K, dated April 28, 2017.
Indenture, dated as of November 29, 2017, among Lennar Corporation, each of the guarantors identified
therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, including the form of 2.95% Senior Notes due 2020
and the form of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2027- Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company’s
Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 29, 2017.
Registration Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2017, among the Company, each of the guarantors
identified therein, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated,
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, RBC Capital
Markets, LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company’s
Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 29, 2017.
Lennar Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended effective January 12, 2012 - Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 1 of the Company’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A dated March 2, 2012.

Lennar Corporation 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 of the
Company’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A dated March 2, 2012.

Lennar Corporation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 of
the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2002.

Lennar Corporation 2016 Equity Incentive Plan - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company’s
Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on March 2, 2016.

Lennar Corporation 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B of the
Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on March 2, 2016.
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2007, by and among Lennar, Lennar
Homes of California, Inc., the Sellers named in the agreement and MS Rialto Residential Holdings, LLC. -
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended November 30, 2007.

Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2016, among Lennar Corporation, as
borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as swingline lender, issuing lender, and administrative agent, the
several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and the other parties and agents therein - Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 24, 2016.
Fourth Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2016, among certain of Lennar
Corporation’s subsidiaries in favor of guaranteed parties referred to therein - Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.20 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 24, 2016.

Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2017, among Lennar Corporation, as
borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as swingline lender, issuing lender, and administrative agent, the
several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and the other parties and agents thereto - Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 18, 2017.

130

10.1

10.11

10.12*

10.13*

10.14

10.15

10.16*

21
23
31.1
31.2
32
101

Fifth Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2017, among certain of Lennar
Corporation’s subsidiaries in favor of guaranteed parties referred to therein - Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.22 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 18, 2017.

Indenture, dated November 14, 2013, among Rialto Holdings, LLC, Rialto Corporation, the Guarantors
named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of 7.000% Senior
Notes due 2018 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K,
dated November 14, 2013.
2016 Award Agreements for Stuart Miller, Rick Beckwitt, Jonathan Jaffe, Bruce Gross and Mark Sustana -
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended November 30, 2015.

2017 Award Agreements for Stuart Miller, Rick Beckwitt, Jonathan Jaffe, Bruce Gross and Mark Sustana
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended November 30, 2016.
Form of Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, dated February 12, 2015, between U.S. Home Corporation and
Lessee -Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
February 19, 2015.
Voting and Cash Election Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2017, between Lennar Corporation and MP CA
Homes LLC- Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
October 29, 2017.
2018 Award Agreement for Mark Sustana - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s
Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 11, 2018.

List of subsidiaries.**
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.**
Rule 13a-14a/15d-14(a) Certification of Stuart Miller.**
Rule 13a-14a/15d-14(a) Certification of Bruce Gross.**
Section 1350 Certifications of Stuart Miller and Bruce Gross.**
The following financial statements from Lennar Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
November 30, 2017, filed on January 24, 2018, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting
Language); (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income (Loss), (iii)  Consolidated Statements of Equity (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v)
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

*  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
**  Filed herewith.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary
 

None.

131

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has 

duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

SIGNATURES

LENNAR CORPORATION

/S/    STUART MILLER        
Stuart Miller
Chief Executive Officer and Director
Date: January 24, 2018

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the 

following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

Principal Executive Officer:

Stuart Miller
Chief Executive Officer and Director

Principal Financial Officer:

Bruce Gross
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Principal Accounting Officer:

David Collins
Controller

Directors:

Irving Bolotin

Steven L. Gerard

Theron I. ("Tig") Gilliam, Jr.

Sherrill W. Hudson

Sidney Lapidus

Teri McClure

Armando Olivera

Donna Shalala

Jeffrey Sonnenfeld

/S/    STUART MILLER        

January 24, 2018

/S/    BRUCE GROSS        
January 24, 2018

/S/    DAVID COLLINS        

January 24, 2018

/S/    IRVING BOLOTIN        

January 24, 2018

/S/    STEVEN L. GERARD        

January 24, 2018

/s/    THERON I. ("TIG") GILLIAM, JR.        

January 24, 2018

/S/    SHERRILL W. HUDSON        

January 24, 2018

/S/    SIDNEY LAPIDUS        

January 24, 2018

/S/    TERI MCCLURE        

January 24, 2018

/S/    ARMANDO OLIVERA        

January 24, 2018

/S/    DONNA SHALALA
January 24, 2018

/S/    JEFFREY SONNENFELD        

January 24, 2018

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

Date:

132

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lennar Corporation

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Lennar Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") 

as of November 30, 2017 and 2016, and for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2017, and the 
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2017, and have issued our reports thereon dated 
January 24, 2018; such consolidated financial statements and reports are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our 
audits also included the consolidated financial statement schedule of the Company listed in Item 15. This consolidated 
financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion based on our audits. In our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation 
to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information 
set forth therein.

Certified Public Accountants
Miami, Florida
January 24, 2018

133

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Years Ended November 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

(In thousands)
Year ended November 30, 2017
Allowances deducted from assets

to which they apply:

Allowances for doubtful
accounts and notes and
other receivables . . . . . . . . . $

Allowance for loan losses and

loans receivable . . . . . . . . . $

Allowance against net

deferred tax assets. . . . . . . . $

Year ended November 30, 2016
Allowances deducted from assets

to which they apply:

Allowances for doubtful
accounts and notes and
other receivables . . . . . . . . . $

Allowance for loan losses and

loans receivable . . . . . . . . . $

Allowance against net

deferred tax assets. . . . . . . . $

Year ended November 30, 2015
Allowances deducted from assets

to which they apply:

Allowances for doubtful
accounts and notes and
other receivables . . . . . . . . . $

Allowance for loan losses and

loans receivable . . . . . . . . . $

Allowance against net

deferred tax assets. . . . . . . . $

Additions

Beginning
balance

Charged to costs

and expenses

Charged

(credited) to
other accounts

Deductions

Ending
balance

328

33,575

5,773

768

39,486

5,945

3,257

62,104

8,029

260

32,850

650

125

18,818

—

370

11,465

—

2,463

(1)

—

(88)

—

—

(2,528)

—

—

(202)

(63,232)

—

(477)

(24,729)

(172)

(331)

(34,083)

(2,084)

2,849

3,192

6,423

328

33,575

5,773

768

39,486

5,945

134

I, Stuart Miller, certify that: 
I, Stuart Miller, certify that: 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S CERTIFICATION
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1
Exhibit 31.1

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 
b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lennar Corporation;
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lennar Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and 
for, the periods presented in this report;
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and 
for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting 
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated 
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is 
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated 
being prepared;
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is 
being prepared;
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
accounting principles;
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles;
c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered 
c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
by this report based on such evaluation; and
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered 
by this report based on such evaluation; and
d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) 
d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial 
during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) 
reporting; and
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial 
reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or 
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
persons performing the equivalent functions):
over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or 
persons performing the equivalent functions):
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize 
and report financial information; and
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize 
and report financial information; and
b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 

   

   

Name: Stuart Miller

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Name: Stuart Miller

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 24, 2018 
Date: January 24, 2018 

135
135

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER'S CERTIFICATION

I, Bruce Gross, certify that: 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER'S CERTIFICATION

I, Bruce Gross, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lennar Corporation;

Exhibit 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lennar Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and 
for, the periods presented in this report;
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and 
for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting 
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting 
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated 
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is 
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated 
being prepared;
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is 
being prepared;
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
accounting principles;
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
accounting principles;
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered 
c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
by this report based on such evaluation; and
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered 
d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
by this report based on such evaluation; and
during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) 
d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial 
during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) 
reporting; and
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial 
reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or 
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
persons performing the equivalent functions):
over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or 
persons performing the equivalent functions):
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize 
and report financial information; and
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize 
b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 
and report financial information; and
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 

in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

 

 

Date: January 24, 2018 

Date: January 24, 2018 

Name: Bruce Gross

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Name: Bruce Gross

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

136

136

Officers' Section 1350 Certifications

Exhibit 32

Each of the undersigned officers of Lennar Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), hereby certifies that 

(i) the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2017 fully complies with the requirements of 
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Company's Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2017 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and 
results of operations of the Company, at and for the periods indicated.

       

Name: Stuart Miller

Title: Chief Executive Officer

  

Name: Bruce Gross

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 24, 2018  

137

LENNAR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

STOCKHOLDER INFORMATION

Annual Meeting

The Annual Stockholders' Meeting will be

held at 11:00 a.m. on Wednesday, April 11, 2018

at Lennar Corporation,

700 Northwest 107th Avenue, Second Floor

Miami, Florida 33172

Registrar and Transfer Agent
Computershare Investor Services

P.O. Box 30170

College Station, Texas 77842

Listing

New York Stock Exchange (LEN, LEN.B)

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Deloitte & Touche LLP

333 SE 2nd Avenue, Suite 3600

Miami, FL 33131

