LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION

ANNUAL REPORT 2017

February 22, 2018 
 
 

 Dear Fellow Shareholders, 

 
One year ago, we said 2016 brought clarity and optimism to the two of us and  
for Leucadia.  This proved true in 2017, a year that met our expectations and 
hopefully sets the stage for at least several further years of solid returns for 
Leucadia National Corporation.   
 
Our two largest businesses, Jefferies and National Beef, each delivered record results, generating $528 million in 
pre-tax income and $512 million in EBITDA, respectively.  This is remarkable progress, given that only two 
short years ago, some were questioning the wisdom and value of both businesses.  Additionally, the vast bulk 
of our other portfolio companies performed well in 2017, either by generating a strong bottom line or, such 
as is the cases of HRG, Linkem and our energy holdings, by continuing along their paths towards enhanced 
value creation.  We are starting to reap the benefits we originally envisioned in the combination of Leucadia 
and Jefferies, and have established good momentum toward our long-term goals.   
 
2017 Results 
Leucadia generated $1 billion of pre-tax income in 2017, driven by the record earnings of Jefferies and 
National Beef, solid results at Berkadia, a pre-tax mark-to-market gain of $65 million in respect of our 
interest in HRG and a $178 million pre-tax gain on the first quarter sale of Conwed, offset by a non-cash 
$130 million markdown in the first quarter related to our FXCM investment.  Leucadia Asset 
Management, although still young, has moved past its initial development stage and made a positive 
contribution to pre-tax income.  
 
Leucadia’s 2017 net income would have been $618 million, but was reduced to $167 million by a fourth quarter 
non-cash charge of $415 million to revalue our deferred tax asset and a toll charge of about $35 million on the 
deemed repatriation of net unremitted foreign earnings relating to Jefferies and Linkem.  These non-cash 
charges are a result of the recently enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which lowers the U.S. corporate income tax 
rate from 35% to 21% starting in 2018.  As we said in last year’s letter, we welcome this lower future tax rate, 
which reduces the nominal value of our NOLs, but doesn’t change the $2.3 billion amount of future taxable 
income they will shield.  Going forward, more of our results will flow to the bottom line as a result of the 
reduced tax rate.  Moreover, corporate tax reduction is likely to be good for Leucadia’s and Jefferies’ 
businesses as it spurs increased economic and investment banking activity.    
 
Jefferies, led by investment banking, delivered record net revenues and net earnings in 2017.  We are 
optimistic we can build on this momentum, and the market share gains reflected in Jefferies’ results should 
be sustained and hopefully enhanced.  Our strategy of prioritizing expansion of the Jefferies investment 
banking footprint continues to succeed and should yield further growth over the next several years, 
assuming reasonable market conditions.  Jefferies’ established team has been supplemented with talented 
new hires, and we are optimistic that strong candidates will continue to be attracted to Jefferies’ unique and 
robust platform.  The competitive landscape continues to provide opportunities for Jefferies to develop 
further by leveraging the unique blend of its pure Wall Street (vs. bank holding company) business model, 
deep and broad sectoral expertise, flat operating structure and global geographic reach.   

 

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

1

Jefferies’ annual net revenues of $3.2 billion and pre-tax profit of $528 million are a direct result of the quality 
of its people, firm-wide client-focused culture and entrepreneurial spirit.  Jefferies’ capable leaders, Pete 
Forlenza (Equities), Fred Orlan (Fixed Income), Ben Lorello (Investment Banking), Peg Broadbent (CFO) and 
Mike Sharp (General Counsel of Leucadia and Jefferies), all credit our 3,450 employee-partners at Jefferies for 
these results, and so do we. 
 
National Beef experienced a second consecutive record breaking year.  The combination of a positive cattle 
supply environment, strong domestic and export demand, our value-added strategy, our focus on the highest 
quality cattle and flawless execution by our management team led by Tim Klein allowed National Beef to 
achieve $512 million in EBITDA in 2017.  This exceeds National Beef’s previous record, set just last year, by 
17%.  With these two strong consecutive operating years in the books, we now have recouped almost 70% of 
Leucadia’s original investment of $868 million made a little over six years ago.  The overall industry seems 
poised to continue to benefit from favorable supply and demand dynamics, with demand increasing with 
incomes locally and globally, and supply benefitting from the continued growth in cattle available for 
processing.  Longer term, we believe the opening to U.S. beef of the rapidly growing Chinese market for the 
first time in 13 years will further support demand for our high quality products. 
 
Berkadia, our 50/50 joint venture with Berkshire Hathaway, delivered another solid year in 2017.  We have 
seen annual originations grow from $10.4 billion in 2013 to $24.5 billion in 2017, and pre-tax income grew 
from $153 million to $194 million.  Cumulative cash distributions of $562 million on Leucadia’s December 
2009 investment of $217 million are a testament to Berkadia’s success.  We are optimistic the tireless 
efforts of Justin Wheeler and the entire Berkadia team to provide exceptional service to owners of middle 
market commercial real estate will drive the continued growth of this industry leader.   
 
We made significant progress at HRG in 2017, completing the sale of Fidelity & Guaranty Life at a good price, 
and are now focused on the further simplification of our investment.  HRG’s remaining subsidiary, Spectrum 
Brands, a global consumer products company, announced in January its agreement to sell its global battery and 
lighting business to Energizer Holdings, Inc., an important step in repositioning itself toward faster-growing and 
higher-margin brands.  We thank Leucadia’s co-founder and Chairman, Joe Steinberg, and our Vice Chairman, 
Andrew Whittaker, for their leadership at HRG, their wisdom and their friendship.  We also appreciate the 
exceptional and consistent efforts of Dave Maura, Executive Chairman, and Andreas Rouvé, CEO, in growing 
and driving Spectrum Brands.   
 
Leucadia Asset Management performed well and is positioned for additional growth.  Linkem continues to be 
the fastest growing broadband provider in Italy and closed the year with just over 500,000 subscribers, up 24% 
for the year. 
 
Transformation of Leucadia  
The various strategic transactions we have completed since mid-2012 and the strengthening of our 
operating results have transformed and clarified the business and prospects of Leucadia.  From a more 
random group of assets before the combination with Jefferies, Leucadia is well on its way to being a focused 
financial services holding company with relatively clear drive and direction.  The realization of the vision we 
had for a combined investment banking and merchant banking platform is now at hand.   
 
As we look forward, we see real opportunity for further value creation at Leucadia.  We expect our future 
growth will come from our existing businesses’ organic efforts and strategic drive, add-on and adjacent 
external opportunities, particularly at Leucadia Asset Management, and new merchant banking opportunities 
that will continue to come our way, primarily through the ever-increasing footprint of Jefferies.  Our overriding 
priorities in respect of our existing businesses are: 

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

2 

 

  drive continued development and success at Jefferies and explore additional opportunities for global 
partnerships (such as the recently announced strategic alliance with Bank of China International that 
allows Jefferies and BOCI to jointly provide investment banking advisory and capital markets services to 
clients globally, as well as to distribute co-branded equity research), 

  continue to enhance National Beef’s business, while being mindful and proactive regarding strategic 

opportunities, 

  achieve accelerating success at Linkem, while continuing to provide exceptional service, 

  rationalize our interest in HRG to eliminate the gap between its share price and the value of its assets,  

  partner with additional management teams at Leucadia Asset Management, and build further scale and 

performance,  

  realize the benefit of strengthening energy markets at our Vitesse and JETX operations and seek smart 

add-on deals that further leverage our operating capabilities,  

  deliver solid operating performance at the now completely restructured FXCM, and  

  continue to progress at Berkadia, HomeFed, Idaho Timber, Garcadia, Foursight and Golden Queen. 

We ended 2017 with about $1.5 billion in liquidity at our parent company, pro forma for the $200 million 
distribution Leucadia received from Jefferies in January 2018.  If things go as we expect, we will 
continue to generate good amounts of free cash from operations over the next several years.   
 
As indicated above, our plan is to continue to support the growth of our existing businesses and hunt for new 
opportunities to deploy capital smartly.  In a strong economy and with rising markets, this will be 
challenging.  We will be patient and, invariably, circumstances will arise and we will get the call on some 
attractive situations.  
   
We will also continue to return capital to shareholders through share buybacks, cash dividends and perhaps 
in-kind distributions, as appropriate.  We will, of course, never do anything that we believe jeopardizes 
any of the financial foundations of any of our operating businesses or our parent company.  In this 
connection, we are pleased Fitch recently upgraded both Leucadia and Jefferies to BBB, and Moody’s 
recently placed Leucadia’s ratings on review for upgrade. 
 
What Have We Learned?  
As one might expect, we have learned many lessons these past five years and, even though some were 
painfully drilled into our heads from experiences past, it never hurts to have them reinforced under new 
circumstances.  Here are some of the more important ones: 
1.  Environment.  The operating environment can make you feel smarter than you really are when currents 

are good and dumber than you really are when currents are bad.  We wrote last year about interest 
rates moving up naturally through the normal functioning of the markets, the perception of a pro-
business environment and what this means for businesses, and the prospect of a lower U.S. corporate 
tax rate.  As these elements begin to fall into place, we may finally again be working in a version of a 
normal business world.  That is the first reason 2017 was good, and a hopeful thought as to why 2018 
could be even better.  The return of volatility and higher interest rates may inflict some short-term pain 
in the transition, but are good long-term realities.  Indeed, when so many economic stars appear so 
aligned, prudence and caution are helpful guardians to have along for the ride.     

 

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

3

2.  Long-term Commitment.  Whether because of the environment, human intervention, market volatility, 
technological advances or overall execution risk, things always take longer and are more complicated 
than they seem in theory.  Reality intervenes in every well-intentioned plan.  Making the right strategic 
decisions is crucial, but having the conviction, time horizon and buy-in from all the important 
constituencies are vital to the prospects of every business.  Leucadia is 38 years old and Jefferies is 55.  
Special firms don’t just happen, they are built with sweat and tears by people who are committed and 
never give in or give up.  We succeeded in 2017 because our team invested years getting here.   

3.  Patience, perseverance and an open mind.  We have had the patience and perseverance to stay the course, 

while others have zigged, zagged and, in some cases, spun out of the game.  However, sometimes, the 
facts or circumstances change.  Regardless of how committed you are to staying the course, you may 
need to pivot, and indeed pivot quickly and efficiently.  This applies to people, products, processes, 
businesses and Leucadia as a whole.  The leaders of our operating businesses across Leucadia have 
proven incredibly adept at adapting, growing and changing. 

4.  Flat structure — no bureaucracy.  We pride ourselves on making decisions and moving forward, often in the 

face of uncertainty.  We try not to have process for process’ sake, and we know how to rally around 
opportunity.  Jefferies is generally a four-layer operation versus the seven to nine layers at our major 
competitors.  National Beef, Berkadia and our other businesses share the same model.  We prefer 
nimble cruisers to behemoth battleships.  They are also more fun.  

5.  Teamwork and collaboration.  Throughout Leucadia, we encourage everyone to use all the resources of our 
broad and deep group of businesses, be it relationships, skills, capital or geographic presence.  Similarly, 
in each of our businesses, we are prioritizing the theme of teamwork and collaboration, and investing in 
tools to drive effectiveness and efficiency.  Technology is a critical component of this and we will 
continue to invest in it heavily across all of our businesses to make our people more efficient and better 
serve our clients. 

6.  Ability.  The executives in our operating businesses and Leucadia holding company are really good at what 
they do.  Our National Beef team is considered among the best, if not the best, in the world.  Jefferies is 
increasingly recognized for its leadership across many products and sectors.  Berkadia is a distinct 
leader in its business.  Having the best athletes in the right spots makes winning easier. 

7.  Culture.  Culture is truly the most vital ingredient in business.  People are the most important asset in every 

business and the primary determinant of success or failure.  Leucadia and our business leaders care 
about our people, try to nurture their capabilities and encourage their health, happiness and success.  
They are also charitable and good people who prioritize their families, friends and local communities. 

8.  Capital and Liquidity.  We consistently manage our businesses to avoid a margin call or any form of a liquidity 

issue.  By operating on a firm foundation of capital and liquidity, it is possible to recover from any 
problem.  It also makes it easier to play offense when the world is defending itself from trouble.  That is 
often when opportunity knocks and you always want to be in a position to open the door. 

9.  Getting the Call.  If you want to find smart, strategic and attractive investment opportunities, you can never 
have enough relationships, idea flow, industry expertise, creativity or patience.  The best way we know 
to be the ones who “get the call” is to consistently live up to these points on a daily basis. 

10.  Trust.  Trust, honesty and ethics are keys to winning every time.  We are vigilant to assure we deliver what we 
promise, communicate in as straightforward a manner as possible and always live up to our principle of 
integrity.  All we have is our word. 

 

4 

 

 

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

Ian Cumming 
On February 2, 2018, we lost our founder, mentor and friend, Ian Cumming, at the age of 77.  Words cannot 
describe the leadership, brilliance, creativity, generosity, passion and good natured fun that Ian brought 
to life.  Our hearts are with the entire Cumming family and we are further sad for Joe, who has clearly 
lost a lifetime brother.  May Ian’s memory be for a blessing for his family and all who loved him. 
 
Annual Meeting and Investor Day 
As we have said before, we intend to continue to follow Leucadia’s historic practice of letting our actions and 
results be our primary voice, but remind you that the two of us look forward to answering your questions at 
our upcoming Annual Meeting on May 23, 2018.  We also will hold our annual Leucadia Investor Day on 
October 4, 2018, at which time you will have the opportunity to hear directly from the senior leaders of 
the major Leucadia businesses, including Jefferies.  
 
We thank all of you—our clients and customers, employees-partners, fellow shareholders, bondholders, 
vendors and all others associated with Leucadia, Jefferies and all our businesses—for your continued support.   
 
Sincerely,  
 

Richard B. Handler 
 
Chief Executive Officer   
 
 
 

Brian P. Friedman 
President  

 

 

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

5

ADDITIONAL BUSINESS REVIEW: 

Berkadia  
Berkadia, our 50/50 joint venture with Berkshire Hathaway, delivered another solid year in 2017.  Strong debt 
production buoyed our $206 billion commercial mortgage servicing portfolio and enabled Berkadia to 
deliver $194 million of pre-tax income and $164 million of cash earnings.  In addition to these strong overall 
results, we are happy to report that Berkadia has been able to steadily grow core earnings over the last 
several years, which excludes earnings outside of management control such as the performance of non-core 
investments and any impairments (or reversals) of the mortgage servicing portfolio.  Core earnings have 
grown from $113 million in 2015 to $155 million in 2017. 
 
Continued low interest rates and a significant volume of debt maturities created a strong environment for 
Berkadia in 2017.  During the year, Berkadia placed $24.5 billion of debt for its clients, up over 26% compared 
to 2016.  Berkadia retained its ranking as the #1 HUD and #2 Freddie Mac lender, and improved to the #2 
Fannie Mae lender.  In addition to the agency lending business, Berkadia also continued to expand the breadth 
of its product offerings to better serve its clients by developing additional lending relationships with insurance 
companies and banks. In investment sales, overall volume was tempered by a slow start to the year, as the 
market adjusted expectations and valuations with an eye towards tax reform.  This resulted in volume that was 
flat at $7.8 billion.  That said, investment sales continued to be a growing source of volume for Berkadia’s 
lending business, with 33% of investment sales volume resulting in a debt placement for Berkadia.   
 
Leucadia Asset Management 
Results and fundraising efforts were generally positive across our managers at Leucadia Asset Management.  We 
successfully launched comingled funds for Lake Hill, our options market making platform, and Tenacis, our 
systematic macro team, in addition to growing our existing funds and adding new managed accounts, particularly 
in quantitative strategies.  Folger Hill accelerated the expansion of it Asia-focused effort and stabilized 
performance in the U.S. after a difficult 2016.  We continue to add to the team, with a focus on growing our 
quantitative and business development efforts, and expect to launch additional products in the coming months. 
 
FXCM 
While our $300 million rescue of FXCM has so far generated $353 million of principal, interest, and fees back to 
Leucadia, FXCM had a challenging 2017.  In addition to unusually low volatility throughout the year which 
adversely impacted revenues, in February, FXCM completed regulatory settlements with the National Futures 
Association and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission that involved FXCM agreeing to withdraw from 
its unprofitable U.S. business and pay a fine.  A number of officers of FXCM, including its CEO, stepped down and 
FXCM restructured its operations to realize significant cost savings.  Led by Brendan Callan, previously the head 
of FXCM’s European businesses, FXCM closed the year with most of its troubles behind it, streamlined and well 
positioned to take advantage of rising interest rates and the inevitable return of volatility to the FX and equities 
markets. FXCM paid off $93 million of Leucadia’s senior secured loan in 2017, with $70 million remaining 
outstanding, and Leucadia will receive up to 75% of future cash distributions after the loan is fully repaid. 
 
Foursight  
Foursight experienced more modest growth in 2017, with originations only up 15% to $287 million and the 
portfolio ending the year at $537 million.  This volume was tempered as Foursight continued tightening 
credit standards throughout the year in response to underperformance in the 2015 and 2016 vintages.  
Thanks to these efforts, Foursight improved credit characteristics in the 2017 vintages and was also able to 
boost average contract rates to further enhance expected spreads.  Foursight also made progress during the 
year by achieving its first AAA rated class on its asset-backed security deal (FCRT 2017-1).   

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

6 

 

HRG Group 
HRG Group (NYSE:HRG) appreciated by 9% in 2017 to $16.95 per share at year-end.  Leucadia and 
HRG have worked together to liquidate the bulk of HRG’s other assets.  Following the November 30, 2017 
sale of HRG’s 80% stake in Fidelity & Guaranty Life (NYSE:FGL) to CF Corporation, HRG’s value is now 
essentially its 59% ownership of Spectrum Brands (NYSE:SPB).  Spectrum Brands is a publicly traded 
global consumer products company offering a portfolio of leading brands to customers all over the 
world. In 2017, Spectrum reported an eighth consecutive year of record adjusted EBITDA ($956 
million), and adjusted EBITDA margin (19.1%).  In January 2018, Spectrum agreed to sell its Global 
Battery (Rayovac) and Lighting business to Energizer for $2 billion in cash.  Leucadia continues to 
support HRG’s efforts to work towards a rationalization of value that further reduces or eliminates the 
gap between HRG’s share price and the underlying value of its net assets. 
 
Garcadia 
Garcadia, our approximately 75% owned auto retail joint venture, fell short of expectations in 2017.  
Although cash distributions from Garcadia were $45 million and represented a 24% cash return on 
beginning equity, both we and the management team expected to do better.  While Iowa continued to 
produce solid results, our other markets were impacted by volume declines at Chrysler (down 8% 
nationally) and some turnover at the general manager level as management continues to implement new 
operational practices that will better serve our customers (such as more seamless sales and service 
experiences).  Additionally, our California results were impacted by Nissan’s weak performance in 
California (Nissan was down 18% in our market, versus up 2% nationally).  Garcadia performed better in 
the fourth quarter and management believes this momentum will translate into a rebound in 2018.  Thank 
you to John Garff, Brett Hopkins and the rest of the Garcadia team for their partnership and efforts.   
 
Linkem 
Linkem continues to be the fastest growing broadband provider in Italy and closed the year with just over 
500,000 subscribers.  Linkem’s fixed wireless model is now widely recognized as an excellent fit for Italy and 
we are building on our leadership position.  Linkem signed a licensing agreement with a major Italian telecom 
operator, whereby the partner will wholesale Linkem’s services to its customers, and is evaluating other 
partnership opportunities.  Linkem’s 3.5GHz frequency has received a lot of attention since it was designated a 
key 5G frequency by the European Commission and many other nations, which is driving significant investment 
by operators and equipment providers into the ecosystem and is positive for Linkem.  Linkem completed its 
migration to LTE and shut down its WiMax platform, announced its first 5G trial, and raised €100 million of 
preferred equity in January 2017 from BlackRock and existing investors at a post-money valuation of €800 million.  
Davide Rota and the entire Linkem team are doing a fantastic job and have planned another ambitious year. 
 
Energy 
Vitesse Energy owns and manages non-operated oil and gas assets in the core of the Bakken Field in North 
Dakota and Montana and the Denver-Julesburg basin in Wyoming.  Vitesse participates with its operating 
partners in the drilling and completion of lower risk new horizontal wells on our leasehold acreage, which 
converts our leaseholds into cash flowing producing oil wells. Vitesse has acquired approximately 20,600 net 
acres of Bakken leasehold and has an interest in 1,572 producing wells (42 net wells) and 467 gross wells (13 
net wells) that are currently drilling, completing or permitted for drilling.  Vitesse’s drilling opportunities are 
leveraged to growing projected reserve recoveries stemming from continuous improvement in frac & 
completion technologies.  In 2017, the average estimated ultimate recoveries (“EUR”) of a new Bakken 
horizontal well is 850,000 boe/well, up nearly 50% from 575,000 boe/well in 2014.  The larger EUR for new 
wells has increased profit returns on new well drilling, which is higher today at $55/bbl oil than in 2014 when 
the price of oil was much higher.  Vitesse has an inventory of 180 net undeveloped wells to be completed, 

 

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

7

which represents $1.2 billion of capital expenditures that Vitesse can elect to make at its sole discretion.  
Nearly all future capex is expected to be funded by free cash flow over time from Vitesse’s operations.  
Around 90% of Vitesse’s recoverable reserves remain to be developed in the future at what we expect will 
be improving economics as the price of oil improves.  Oil prices recovered to $60/bbl at the end of 2017 and 
the global overhang of oil appears to be subsiding, which gives us cautious optimism that oil will continue to 
hover in the $50-60/bbl range for 2018.  Vitesse has hedged 60% of its current 2018 production and 40% of 
its current 2019 production with collars, swaps and puts at floor prices above $50/bbl. The collars allow 
Vitesse to participate in oil price increases up to $73/bbl. With the improved oil prices, Vitesse expects to 
add additional oil hedges to protect additional flowing barrels. Bob Gerrity, Brian Cree and the Vitesse team 
continue to be wonderful and committed partners.   
 
JETX (formerly, Juneau Energy) transitioned from an operated to a non-operating strategy under the 
management of the Vitesse team.  JETX partners with operators who have expertise in new well 
development and operations in areas adjacent to JETX’s leaseholds.  JETX’s principal asset is 10,000+ 
net acres in the East Eagle Ford (“EEF”) field in Brazos, Burleson and Grimes Counties, Texas.  JETX 
partnered with Lonestar Resources US Inc. (NASDAQ:LONE) (“Lonestar”), a capable Eagle Ford 
operator who has operations close to JETX’s.  As part of the joint venture, Lonestar agreed to pool its 
nearby acreage with JETX’s and is pursuing development of the pooled acreage.  In May 2017, Lonestar 
successfully drilled and completed one of the better wells in the Eastern Eagle Ford when the Wildcat 
B1H well was brought on line with estimated reserves approaching 1 million boe.  JETX has a 50% 
interest in the well and in the eight drillable locations in the Wildcat unit and also owns additional 
development locations on JETX’s adjacent acreage, which JETX expects to develop later in 2018.  
 
HomeFed 
HomeFed took some major steps in 2017 towards generating cash for its shareholders.  The Village of 
Escaya, the first stage of the Otay Land project to be developed, hosted its grand opening in June.  By 
year end, over 200 of the 992 planned homes were under contract and home closings have started.  The 
Otay Land project in San Diego county is entitled for approximately 13,050 residential units and 1.85 
million square feet of commercial space, and Paul Borden and the HomeFed team are focused on 
expediting its development. At Renaissance Plaza in Brooklyn, NY, two sizeable tenants renewed their 
office lease clearing the way for refinancing opportunities.  HomeFed’s unique assets in attractive 
markets are well positioned for additional value creation and we remain excited by its prospects. 
 
Idaho Timber 
Idaho Timber experienced substantial growth despite a volatile and uncertain environment caused by the 
expiration of the U.S.-Canada softwoods lumber agreement, ongoing and prolonged trade negotiations and 
the eventual imposition of duties on imports from Canada.  Thanks to the company’s disciplined purchasing, 
long-term customer and supplier relationships and focus on margin, EBITDA increased 40% in 2017 versus 
2016.  CEO Ted Ellis and his team thrive in markets where others may become timid and have driven the 
company to significant profitability even with a lukewarm market for new housing construction. 
 
Golden Queen 
In its first full year of operations, Golden Queen sold 46,000 and 237,000 ounces of gold and silver, 
respectively.  For most of 2017, the mining team encountered lower ore grades than expected in an 
area of the project known as the Northwest Pit. In the fourth quarter the team moved the bulk of its 
activity to a new pit where they are experiencing significantly better ore grades.  Robert Walish, the 
project CEO, and the entire team have done an excellent job navigating a challenging 2017, and we 
believe the project is well positioned to capitalize in the future as grades improve.   

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

8 

 

 

Appendix 
The following tables reconcile financial results reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles (“GAAP”) to non-GAAP financial results.  The shareholders’ letter contains non-GAAP financial 
information to aid investors in viewing our businesses and investments through the eyes of management while 
facilitating a comparison across historical periods.  However, these non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed 
in addition to, and not as a substitute for, reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 

 
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements 

This letter contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include statements about our 
future and statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are usually preceded by the words “should,” 
“expect,” “intend,” “may,” “will,” or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may contain expectations regarding revenues, 
earnings, operations, and other results, and may include statements of future performance, plans, and objectives. Forward-looking 
statements also include statements pertaining to our strategies for future development of our businesses and products. Forward-
looking statements represent only our belief regarding future events, many of which by their nature are inherently uncertain. It is 
possible that the actual results may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking 
statements. Information regarding important factors, including Risk Factors that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps 
materially, from those in our forward-looking statements is contained in reports we file with the SEC. You should read and interpret 
any forward-looking statement together with reports we file with the SEC. 
 
Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk. Therefore, it 
should not be assumed that future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy will be profitable or equal the 
corresponding indicated performance level(s). 

 

Leucadia National Corporation     Annual Report 2017 

9

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
_______________________

FORM 10-K

嘺 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

□ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017

or

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________

Commission file number: 1-5721

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
13-2615557

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

New York

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization)

520 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

(212) 460-1900

No □

No 嘺

No □

No □

Yes 嘺

Yes □

Yes 嘺

Yes 嘺

(Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class
________________

Common Shares, par value $1 per share

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None.

(Title of Class)

Name of Each Exchange 
_______________________

on Which Registered

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  嘺
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller
reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
                               Large accelerated filer 嘺            Accelerated filer □          Non-accelerated filer □
                                                                                                                                 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
                               Smaller reporting company □    Emerging growth company □
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   □
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes □ 

No 嘺

Aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2017 (computed
by reference to the last reported closing sale price of the Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange on such date):
$8,673,116,957.
On February 15, 2018, the registrant had outstanding 356,252,768 Common Shares.

Certain portions of the registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 in connection with the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

The index of exhibits is contained in Part IV on page 69.

LOCATION OF EXHIBIT INDEX

PART I

Item 1. Business.

Overview

Leucadia National Corporation (“Leucadia” or the “Company”) is a diversified holding company focused on long-
term value creation to maximize shareholder value. Our financial services businesses and investments include Jefferies
(investment banking and capital markets), Leucadia Asset Management (asset management), Berkadia (commercial
mortgage banking, investment sales and servicing), HomeFed (real estate company), FXCM (provider of online foreign
exchange trading services) and Foursight Capital (vehicle finance). We also own and have investments in a diverse
array of other businesses, including National Beef (beef processing), HRG Group (consumer products), Garcadia
(automobile dealerships), Linkem (fixed wireless broadband services in Italy), Vitesse Energy and JETX Energy (oil
and gas production and development), Idaho Timber (manufacturing) and Golden Queen (gold and silver mining
project). The structure of each of our investments was tailored to the unique opportunity each transaction presented. Our
investments may be reflected in our consolidated results as consolidated subsidiaries, equity investments, securities or
in other ways, depending on the structure of our specific holdings.

We continuously review acquisitions of businesses, securities and assets that have the potential for significant long-
term value creation, invest in a broad array of businesses, and periodically evaluate the retention and disposition of
one or more of our existing businesses and investments. Changes in the mix of our businesses and investments should
be expected.

At December 31, 2017, we and our investee companies had approximately 36,700 full-time employees, of which
approximately 12,700 were full-time employees of Leucadia and our consolidated subsidiaries.

Our executive offices are located at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, as is the global headquarters of
Jefferies, our largest subsidiary in terms of invested capital. Our primary telephone number is (212) 460-1900 and our
website address is www.leucadia.com.

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors presented in Item 1A of Part I and the
Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking Information and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations set forth in Item 7 of Part II.

Recent Events

In  January  2017,  we  sold  100%  of  Conwed  Plastics  (“Conwed”)  to  Schweitzer-Mauduit  International,  Inc.,
(NYSE:SWM) for $295 million in cash plus potential earn-out payments in 2019, 2020 and 2021 totaling up to $40
million in cash to the extent the results of Conwed’s subsidiary, Filtrexx International, exceed certain performance
thresholds. We recognized a pre-tax gain of $178 million (net of working capital adjustments) on the sale of Conwed
during 2017.

Also in January 2017, we participated in a preferred equity financing for Linkem. Existing shareholders, along with
funds managed by BlackRock, invested €100 million in cash in exchange for shares of Linkem to fund future expansion
plans, of which Leucadia’s share was €30 million. The financing was based on a pre-money valuation of €700 million
(post-money valuation of €800 million) and our fully-diluted ownership post-transaction is 53%.

Financial Services Businesses

The following provides more information about each of our financial services businesses and investments and our
ownership percentages:

Jefferies, 100% (investment banking & capital markets);

•
• Leucadia Asset Management, various (asset management);

1

• Berkadia, 50% (commercial mortgage banking, investment sales and servicing);
• HomeFed, 70% (45% voting) (real estate);
• FXCM, up to 75% (50% voting) (online foreign exchange trading); and
• Foursight Capital, 100% (vehicle finance).

Jefferies

Jefferies is the largest independent U.S. headquartered global full-service, integrated securities and investment banking
firm. Jefferies largest subsidiary, Jefferies LLC, was founded in the U.S. in 1962 and its first international operating
subsidiary, Jefferies International Limited, was established in the U.K. in 1986. On March 1, 2013, Jefferies Group,
Inc. converted into a limited liability company (renamed Jefferies Group LLC) and became an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Leucadia. Following the merger, Jefferies Group LLC retains a credit rating separate from Leucadia and
remains an SEC reporting company, filing annual, quarterly and periodic financial reports. As of November 30, 2017,
Jefferies had 3,450 employees in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. The net book value (assets less
liabilities and noncontrolling interests) of our investment in Jefferies was $5.6 billion at December 31, 2017.

Investment Banking

Jefferies provides its clients around the world with a full range of equity capital markets, debt capital markets and
financial advisory services. Jefferies services are enhanced by its deep industry expertise, its global distribution
capabilities and its senior level commitment to its clients.

Approximately 800 investment banking professionals operate in the Americas, Europe and Asia, and are organized into
industry, product and geographic coverage groups. Jefferies industry coverage groups include Consumer and Retail;
Energy; Financial Institutions; Healthcare; Industrials; Real Estate; Gaming and Lodging; Technology; Media and
Telecommunications; Financial Sponsors; and Public Finance. Jefferies product coverage groups include equity capital
markets; debt capital markets; and advisory, which includes both mergers and acquisitions and restructuring and
recapitalization expertise. Jefferies geographic coverage groups include teams based in major cities in the U.S., Toronto,
London, Frankfurt, Paris, Milan, Amsterdam, Stockholm, Mumbai, Hong Kong, Singapore, Tokyo, Zurich and Dubai.

Equity Capital Markets

Jefferies provides a broad range of equity financing capabilities to companies and financial sponsors. These capabilities
include private equity placements, initial public offerings, follow-on offerings, block trades and equity-linked convertible
securities transactions.

Debt Capital Markets

Jefferies provides a wide range of debt and acquisition financing capabilities for companies, financial sponsors and
government entities. Jefferies focuses on structuring, underwriting and distributing public and private debt, including
investment grade debt, high yield bonds, leveraged loans, municipal debt, mortgage- and other asset-backed securities,
and liability management solutions.

Advisory Services

Jefferies provides mergers and acquisition and restructuring and recapitalization services to companies, financial
sponsors and government entities. In the mergers and acquisition area, Jefferies advises sellers and buyers on corporate
sales and divestitures, acquisitions, mergers, tender offers, spinoffs, joint ventures, strategic alliances and takeover and
proxy fight defense. In the restructuring and recapitalization area, Jefferies provides to companies, bondholders and
lenders a full range of restructuring advisory capabilities as well as expertise in the structuring, valuation and placement
of securities issued in recapitalizations.

2

Equities

Equities Research, Sales and Trading

Jefferies provides its clients full-service equities research, sales and trading capabilities across global securities markets.
Jefferies earns commissions or spread revenue by executing, settling and clearing transactions for clients across these
markets in equity and equity-related products, including common stock, American depository receipts, global depository
receipts, exchange-traded funds, exchange-traded and over-the-counter (“OTC”) equity derivatives, convertible and
other equity-linked products and closed-end funds. Jefferies equity research, sales and trading efforts are organized
across three geographical regions: the Americas; Europe and the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”); and Asia Pacific.
Jefferies clients are primarily institutional market participants such as mutual funds, hedge funds, investment advisors,
pension and profit sharing plans, and insurance companies. Through its global research team and sales force, Jefferies
maintains relationships with its clients, distributes investment research and strategy, trading ideas, market information
and analyses across a range of industries and receives and executes client orders. Jefferies equity research covers over
2,000 companies around the world and more than 800 additional companies are covered by nine leading local firms in
Asia Pacific with whom Jefferies maintains alliances.

Equity Finance

Jefferies Equity Finance business provides financing, securities lending and other prime brokerage services. Jefferies
offers prime brokerage services in the U.S. that provide hedge funds, money managers and registered investment
advisors with execution, financing, clearing, reporting and administrative services. Jefferies finances its clients’
securities positions through margin loans that are collateralized by securities, cash or other acceptable liquid collateral.
Jefferies earns an interest spread equal to the difference between the amount Jefferies pays for funds and the amount
Jefferies receives from its clients. Jefferies also operates a matched book in equity and corporate bond securities,
whereby Jefferies borrows and lends securities versus cash or liquid collateral and earns a net interest spread. Jefferies
offers selected prime brokerage clients the option of custodying their assets at an unaffiliated U.S. broker-dealer that
is a subsidiary of a bank holding company. Under this arrangement, Jefferies directly provides its clients with all
customary prime brokerage services.

Wealth Management

Jefferies provides tailored wealth management services designed to meet the needs of high net worth individuals, their
families and their businesses, private equity and venture funds and small institutions. Jefferies advisors provide access
to all of its institutional execution capabilities and delivers other financial services. Jefferies open architecture platform
affords clients access to products and services from both its firm and from a variety of other major financial services
institutions.

Fixed Income

Fixed Income Sales and Trading

Jefferies provides its clients with sales and trading of investment grade corporate bonds, U.S. and European government
and agency securities, municipal bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, leveraged loans, consumer loans, high
yield and distressed securities, emerging markets debt, interest rate derivative products, as well as foreign exchange
trade execution and securitization capabilities. Jefferies is designated as a Primary Dealer by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York and Jefferies International Limited is designated in similar capacities for several countries in Europe.
Additionally, through the use of repurchase agreements, Jefferies acts as an intermediary between borrowers and lenders
of short-term funds and obtains funding for various of its inventory positions. Jefferies trades and makes markets
globally in cleared and uncleared swaps and forwards referencing, among other things, interest rates, investment grade
and non-investment grade corporate credits, credit indexes and asset-backed security indexes.

3

Jefferies strategists and economists provide ongoing commentary and analysis of the global fixed income markets. In
addition, Jefferies fixed income desk strategists provide ideas and analysis to clients across a variety of fixed income
products.

Asset Management

Jefferies manages and provides services to a diverse group of alternative asset management platforms across a spectrum
of investment strategies and asset classes. Jefferies is supporting and developing focused strategies managed by distinct
management teams. These services are often provided in conjunction with the Leucadia Asset Management (“LAM”)
platform.  Products  currently  offered  to  pension  funds,  insurance  companies,  sovereign  wealth  funds,  and  other
institutional investors through these platforms include systematic quantitative and global equity event-driven strategies.
Jefferies also provides back office, accounting, legal, risk and compliance via service level agreements for certain
LAM entities. LAM provides general oversight and marketing services to Jefferies asset management entities.

Competition

All aspects of Jefferies business are intensely competitive. Jefferies competes primarily with large global bank holding
companies that engage in capital markets activities, but also with other broker-dealers, asset managers and investment
banking firms. The large global bank holding companies have substantially greater capital and resources than Jefferies
does. Jefferies believes that the principal factors affecting its competitive standing include the quality, experience and
skills of its professionals, the depth of its relationships, the breadth of its service offerings, its ability to deliver
consistently its integrated capabilities, and its culture, tenacity and commitment to serve its clients.

Regulation

Regulation in the United States. The financial services industry in which Jefferies operates is subject to extensive
regulation. In the U.S., the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) is the federal agency responsible for the
administration of federal securities laws, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) is the federal
agency responsible for the administration of laws relating to commodity interests (including futures and swaps). In
addition, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and the National Futures Association (“NFA”) are
self-regulatory organizations that are actively involved in the regulation of financial services businesses. The SEC,
CFTC, FINRA and the NFA conduct periodic examinations of broker-dealers, investment advisors, futures commission
merchants (“FCMs”) and swap dealers. The designated examining authority for Jefferies activities as a broker-dealer
is FINRA, and the designated self-regulatory organization for Jefferies FCM activities is the NFA. Financial services
businesses are also subject to regulation by state securities commissions and attorneys general in those states in which
they do business.

Broker-dealers are subject to SEC and FINRA regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including
sales and trading methods, trade practices among broker-dealers, use and safekeeping of customers’ funds and securities,
capital structure of securities firms, anti-money laundering efforts, recordkeeping and the conduct of directors, officers
and employees. Registered advisors are subject to, among other requirements, SEC regulations concerning marketing,
transactions with affiliates, disclosure to clients, and recordkeeping; and advisors that are also registered as commodity
trading advisors or commodity pool operators are also subject to regulation by the CFTC and the NFA. FCMs,
introducing brokers and swap dealers that engage in commodities, futures or swap transactions are subject to regulation
by the CFTC and the NFA. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC, CFTC, FINRA or NFA,
or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or rules may directly affect the operations and
profitability of broker-dealers, investment advisors, FCMs and swap dealers. The SEC, CFTC, FINRA, NFA, state
securities commissions and state attorneys general may conduct administrative proceedings or initiate civil litigation
that can result in adverse consequences for Jefferies and its officers and employees (including, without limitation,
injunctions, censures, fines, suspensions, membership expulsions, or revocations of licenses and registrations). In
addition, broker-dealers, investment advisors, FCMs and swap dealers must also comply with the rules and regulation
of clearing houses, exchanges and trading platforms of which they are a member.

4

Regulatory Capital Requirements. Several Jefferies entities are subject to financial capital requirements that are set by
regulation. Jefferies is a dually-registered broker-dealer and FCM and is required to maintain net capital in excess of the
greater of the SEC or CFTC minimum financial requirements. As a broker-dealer, Jefferies is subject to the SEC’s
Uniform Net Capital Rule (the “Net Capital Rule”). Jefferies has elected to compute its minimum net capital requirement
in accordance with the “Alternative Net Capital Requirement” as permitted by the Net Capital Rule, which provides that
a broker-dealer shall not permit its net capital, as defined, to be less than the greater of 2% of its aggregate debit balances
(primarily customer-related receivables) or $250,000 ($1.5 million for prime brokers). Compliance with the Net Capital
Rule could limit Jefferies operations, such as underwriting and trading activities, that could require the use of significant
amounts of capital, and may also restrict its ability to make loans, advances, dividends and other payments.

As a non-clearing FCM, Jefferies is required to maintain minimum adjusted net capital of $1.0 million.

Jefferies subsidiaries that are provisionally registered swap dealers will become subject to capital requirements under
the Dodd-Frank Act once the relevant rules become final. For additional information see Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Jefferies Group LLC is not subject to any regulatory capital rules.

See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 25 to
our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of net capital calculations.

Regulation outside the United States. Jefferies is an active participant in the international capital markets and provides
investment banking services internationally, primarily in Europe and Asia. As is true in the U.S., Jefferies international
subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulations proposed, promulgated and enforced by, among other regulatory bodies,
the European Commission and European Supervisory Authorities (including the European Banking Authority and
European Securities and Market Authority), U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission, the Japan Financial Services Agency and the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Every country in which
Jefferies does business imposes upon it laws, rules and regulations similar to those in the U.S., including with respect
to some form of capital adequacy rules, customer protection rules, data protection regulations, anti-money laundering
and anti-bribery rules, compliance with other applicable trading and investment banking regulations and similar
regulatory reform. For additional information see Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Leucadia Asset Management

During 2013, we formed LAM, a registered investment advisor, through which we are developing and investing in
focused alternative asset management businesses. As the advisor and/or general partner to various private investment
funds or other types of investment vehicles, LAM provides advisory, portfolio management and operational services
to accredited investors and/or qualified purchasers. Once an investment platform is formed, it is typical that LAM or
Jefferies will be an initial or major investor. LAM’s revenues derive from management fees and/or performance fees
based on investment returns generated for the investors, as well as the return on our invested capital. Our strategy is to
grow third party assets under management, while earning management fees and a reasonable return on our capital until
the capital is returned to us. Our LAM and other asset management strategies primarily include Folger Hill Asset
Management LLC (“Folger Hill”), a multi-manager discretionary long/short equity hedge fund platform; Topwater
Capital (“Topwater”), a first-loss product; CoreCommodity Management LLC, an asset manager that focuses on
commodities strategies; Tenacis Capital, a systematic macro investment platform; Lake Hill, an electronic trader in
listed options and futures across asset classes; as well as several other smaller businesses. In addition, several investment
management businesses, including Jefferies Strategic Investments Division, operate under Jefferies and are included
under the marketing umbrella of the LAM platform.

Berkadia

Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC, and its associated entities, is a joint venture formed in 2009 with Berkshire
Hathaway that provides capital solutions, investment sales advisory and mortgage servicing for multifamily and
commercial properties. We and Berkshire Hathaway each have a 50% equity interest in Berkadia.

5

Berkadia originates commercial real estate loans, primarily in respect of multifamily housing units, for Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and the FHA using their underwriting guidelines, and will typically sell the loan to such entities shortly
after it is funded. Provided Berkadia adheres to their guidelines, these government-related entities must purchase the
loan at the face amount plus accrued interest with Berkadia retaining the mortgage servicing rights. In addition, as a
condition to Fannie Mae’s delegation of responsibility for underwriting, originating and servicing of loans, Berkadia
assumes a shared loss position throughout the term of each loan sold to Fannie Mae, with a maximum loss percentage
of approximately one-third of the original principal balance. During 2017, Berkadia originated $16.7 billion in Fannie
Mae, Freddie Mac and FHA loans. Berkadia also originates and brokers commercial/multifamily mortgage loans which
are not part of the government agency programs. During 2017, Berkadia closed $7.2 billion of loans in this capacity
for life companies, conduits and other third-parties.

In addition, Berkadia originates loans for its own balance sheet. These loans provide interim financing to borrowers
who intend to refinance the loan with longer-term loans from an eligible government agency or other third party
(“Bridge loans”). Bridge loans are typically floating rate loans with 1 to 3 year maturities. During 2017, Berkadia
originated  $587.3  million  of  such  loans.  Berkadia  held  $672.0  million  of  Bridge  loans  on  its  balance  sheet  at
December 31, 2017.

Berkadia also provides services related to the acquisition and disposition of multifamily real estate projects, including
brokerage services, asset review, market research, financial analysis and due diligence support. During 2017, Berkadia
closed over $7.8 billion in sales transactions.

Berkadia is a servicer of U.S. commercial real estate loans, performing primary, master and special servicing functions
for  U.S.  government  agency  programs,  commercial  mortgage-backed  securities  transactions,  banks,  insurance
companies and other financial institutions. Berkadia is an approved servicer of loans for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and
the FHA. As of December 31, 2017, Berkadia serviced approximately 17,000 loans with an unpaid principal balance
of $205.9 billion.

As a servicer, Berkadia is frequently responsible for managing, on behalf of its investors and borrowers, the balances
that are maintained in custodial accounts for the purposes of collecting and distributing principal and interest, and for
managing and disbursing various reserve accounts related to the mortgaged properties among other things. Berkadia
derives certain economic benefits from administering these custodial accounts. Such balances totaled in excess of $4.5
billion as of December 31, 2017.

Our only capital contribution to Berkadia, in the amount of $217.2 million, was made at the time Berkadia was formed
in  2009.  Through  December 31,  2017  we  have  received  cumulative  cash  distributions  of  $562.0  million. At
December 31, 2017, the net book value of our investment in Berkadia was $210.6 million, and we report Berkadia as
an equity investment in our financial statements. Berkadia’s strategic priorities include continued value creation by
growing origination and sales advisory volumes, expanding servicing engagements with third parties, and leveraging
data and technology to deliver proprietary solutions to clients.

Berkadia is required under its servicing agreements to maintain certain minimum servicer ratings or qualifications
from the rating agencies. A downgrade below a certain level may give rise to the right of a customer or trustee of a
securitized transaction to terminate Berkadia as servicer. Berkadia currently maintains approvals or ratings from
Moody’s Investors Service, Fitch Ratings, Standard & Poor’s, Morningstar Credit Ratings and Dominion Bond Rating
Services. These ratings currently exceed the minimum ratings required by the related servicing agreements. Ratings
issued by the rating agencies can be withdrawn or lowered at any time. In addition, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac retain
broad discretion to terminate Berkadia as a seller/servicer without cause.

HomeFed Corporation

HomeFed is a developer and owner of residential and mixed-use real estate properties in California, New York, Florida,
Virginia, South Carolina and Maine. After many years in the entitlement process, the majority of HomeFed’s assets are
now either operating real estate or entitled land ready for sale. HomeFed is a public company traded on the NASD
OTC Bulletin Board (Symbol: HOFD). We own 70% of HomeFed’s common stock; however, our voting rights are
limited  such  that  we  are  not  able  to  vote  more  than  45%  of  HomeFed’s  total  voting  securities  voting  on  any

6

matter. Resulting from a 1998 distribution to all of our shareholders, about 4.8% of HomeFed is beneficially owned
by our Chairman at December 31, 2017. Three of our executives serve on the board of directors of HomeFed, including
our Chairman who serves as HomeFed’s Chairman, and our President.

At December 31, 2017, our investment had a net book value of $310.3 million and we report HomeFed as an equity
investment in our financial statements. HomeFed’s strategic priorities vary by project, ranging from pursuing further
planning, entitlement and approval, to beginning construction, commencing sales, oversight and management of
operating assets, and taking other steps to maximize profits. HomeFed also continues to look for new opportunities
both within, and outside of, the areas where it currently has projects under development.

FXCM

FXCM Group, LLC (“FXCM”) is a provider of online foreign exchange trading, contract for difference trading, spread
betting and related services. Its mission is to provide global traders with access to the world’s largest and most liquid
market by offering innovative trading tools, hiring excellent trading educators, meeting strict financial standards and
striving for the best online trading experience in the market.

During 2015, we invested $279.0 million in FXCM through a combination of a term loan and rights to certain future
distributions. Amendments during 2016 and 2017 extended the repayment date of the remaining loan balance to January
2019 and exchanged our rights for a 50% voting interest in FXCM and up to 75% of all distributions. Through these
amendments, we also gained the right to appoint three of the six board members of FXCM and, with these board seats,
now have significant influence over the operating and financial policies of FXCM. We have the right, as does Global
Brokerage Holdings, LLC (“Global Brokerage Holdings”), the owner of the remaining 50% voting interest of FXCM
that is not held by Leucadia, to require a sale of FXCM beginning in January 2018. Distributions to Leucadia under
the amended agreements are currently: 100% until amounts due under the loan are repaid; 50% of the next $350
million; then 90% of the next $600 million; and 60% of all amounts thereafter.

During February 2017, Global Brokerage Holdings and FXCM’s U.S. subsidiary, Forex Capital Markets LLC (“FXCM
U.S.”) settled complaints filed by the NFA and the CFTC against FXCM U.S. and certain of its principals relating to
matters that occurred between 2010 and 2014. As part of the settlements, FXCM U.S. withdrew from business and
sold FXCM U.S.’s customer accounts. FXCM also implemented a restructuring plan that included the termination of
approximately 22% of its global workforce. The proceeds from the sale of the U.S. accounts, net of closure and severance
costs, as well as regulatory capital released after the sale, has been used to pay down the Leucadia term loan.

Through December 31, 2017, we have received cumulatively $331.6 million of principal, interest and fees from our
initial $279.0 million investment in FXCM. At December 31, 2017, the remaining principal due under the term loan
was $69.9 million and the interest rate is 20.5%. We include this loan receivable in our Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition in Trading assets at its fair value of $72.8 million. Our 50% voting interest and share of distributions
are reflected as an equity method investment and classified as Loans to and investments in associated companies,
utilizing a one month lag. At December 31, 2017, our equity method investment is recorded at $158.9 million, and the
total amount of both our term loan and equity method investment is $231.7 million.

Foursight Capital

In 2012, we partnered with an experienced management team in the indirect auto finance market to start Foursight
Capital, of which we own 100%. Foursight Capital purchases automobile installment contracts originated by franchised
and independent dealerships in conjunction with the sale of new and used automobiles and services these loans
throughout the life cycle. In 2017, Foursight originated $286.5 million in auto loans, up from $250.0 million in 2016.
Additionally, Foursight Capital is managing the wind down of the Chrome Capital portfolio. The net book value of our
investment in Foursight Capital was $81.8 million at December 31, 2017.

7

The following provides more information about certain of our other subsidiaries and investments and our ownership
percentages, including:

Merchant Banking

• National Beef, 79% (beef processing);
• HRG, 23% (consumer products);
• Garcadia, about 75% (50% voting) (automobile dealerships);
• Linkem, 53% fully-diluted (48% voting) (fixed wireless broadband services);
• Vitesse Energy, 96% (oil and gas production and development);
•
•
• Golden Queen, 35% (a gold and silver mining project).

JETX Energy, 98% (oil and gas production and development);
Idaho Timber, 100% (manufacturing); and

National Beef

National Beef is one of the largest beef processing companies in the U.S., accounting for approximately 12.5% of the
fed cattle slaughter market. National Beef processes and markets fresh and chilled boxed beef, ground beef, beef by-
products, consumer-ready beef and pork, and wet blue leather for domestic and international markets. Based in Kansas
City, Missouri, National Beef had approximately 8,200 employees at December 31, 2017 and generated total revenues
of $7.4 billion in 2017. We purchased National Beef in 2011 and own 78.9%.

The largest share of National Beef’s revenue, about 92.7%, is generated from the sale of boxed beef and beef by-
products. National Beef also generates revenues through value-added production with its consumer-ready products. In
addition, National Beef operates one of the largest wet blue tanning facilities in the world (wet blue tanning refers to
the first step in processing raw and brine-cured hides into tanned leather), selling processed hides to tanners that produce
finished leather for the automotive, luxury goods, apparel and furniture industries. Other streams of revenue include
sales through its subsidiary, Kansas City Steak Company, LLC, which sells portioned beef and other products directly
to consumers through internet, direct mail and direct response television, and service revenues generated by National
Carriers, Inc., a wholly owned transportation and logistics company that is one of the largest refrigerated and livestock
carrier operations in the U.S. and transports products for National Beef and a variety of other customers. National
Beef’s profitability typically fluctuates seasonally as well as cyclically, based on the availability of fed cattle.

The net book value of our investment in National Beef was $517.1 million at December 31, 2017.

Sales and Marketing

National Beef markets its products to national and regional retailers, including supermarket chains, independent grocers,
club stores, wholesalers and distributors, food service providers and further processors. In addition, National Beef sells
beef by-products to the medical, feed processing, fertilizer and pet food industries. National Beef exports products to
more than 20 countries; in 2017, export sales represented approximately 11.2% of revenues. The demand for beef is
generally strongest in the spring and summer months and generally decreases during the winter months.

National Beef emphasizes the sale of higher-margin, value-added products, which include branded boxed beef,
consumer-ready beef and pork, portion control beef and wet blue hides. National Beef believes its value-added products
can command higher prices than commodity products because of National Beef’s ability to consistently meet product
specifications, based on quality, trim, weight, size, breed or other factors, tailored to the needs of its customers. In
addition to the value-added brands that National Beef owns, National Beef licenses the use of Certified Angus Beef®,
a registered trademark of Certified Angus Beef LLC, and Certified Hereford Beef®, a registered trademark of Certified
Hereford Beef LLC.

8

Raw Materials and Procurement

The primary raw material for the beef processing plants is live cattle. Live cattle prices change daily based on supply
and demand for beef and other proteins, cattle inventory levels, weather and other factors.

National Beef has entered into a cattle supply agreement with U.S. Premium Beef, LLC (“USPB”), the current owner
of a 15.1% interest in National Beef, which sold a substantial portion of its ownership interest to us. USPB has agreed
to supply, and National Beef has agreed to purchase through USPB from the members of USPB, 735,385 head of cattle
per year (subject to adjustment), based on pricing grids furnished by National Beef to USPB. National Beef believes
the pricing grids are based on terms that could be obtained from an unaffiliated party. During 2017, National Beef
purchased approximately 24.2% of the total cattle it processed from USPB members pursuant to the cattle supply
agreement. National Beef also purchased additional cattle from certain USPB members outside of the cattle supply
agreement as well as from hundreds of other cattle suppliers.

Processing Facilities

National Beef owns two beef processing facilities located in Liberal and Dodge City, Kansas, which can each process
approximately 6,000 cattle per day. National Beef’s three consumer-ready processing facilities are in Hummels Wharf,
Pennsylvania, Moultrie, Georgia and Kansas City, Kansas. National Beef’s wet blue tanning facility is in St. Joseph,
Missouri.

Competition

Competitive conditions exist both in the purchase of live cattle, as well as in the sale of beef products. Beef products
compete with other protein sources, including pork and poultry, but National Beef’s principal competition comes from
other beef processors. National Beef believes the principal competitive factors in the beef processing industry are price,
quality, food safety, customer service, product distribution, technological innovations (such as food safety interventions
and packaging technologies) and brand loyalty. Some of National Beef’s competitors have substantially larger beef
operations, greater financial and other resources and wider brand recognition for their products.

Regulation and Environmental

National Beef’s operations are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”)
including its Food Safety and Inspection Service (“FSIS”), its Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (“APHIS”)
and its Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration (“GIPSA”), the Food and Drug Administration
(“FDA”), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) and other federal, state, local and foreign authorities
regarding the processing, packaging, storage, safety, distribution, advertising and labeling of its products.

National Beef is subject to the Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921 (“PSA”). Among other things, this statute generally
requires National Beef to make full payment for livestock purchases not later than the close of business the day after
the purchase and transfer of possession or determination of the purchase price. Under the PSA, National Beef must
hold in trust for the benefit of unpaid cash livestock suppliers all receivables, inventory and proceeds derived from
National Beef’s sale of such cattle until the sellers have received full payment. In addition, pursuant to PSA rules, at
December 31, 2017, National Beef has obtained from an insurance company a surety bond in the amount of $50.4
million as a measure of protection for livestock sellers.

The Dodge City and Liberal facilities are subject to Title V permitting pursuant to the Federal Clean Air Act and the
Kansas Air Quality Act. The St. Joseph facility is subject to a secondary air permit which is in place. The Dodge City,
Liberal, Hummels Wharf and Moultrie facilities are subject to Clean Air Act Risk Management Plan requirements
relating to the use of ammonia as a refrigerant.

All of National Beef’s plants are indirect dischargers of wastewater to publicly owned treatment works and are subject
to requirements under the federal Clean Water Act, state and municipal laws, as well as agreements or permits with
municipal or county authorities. Upon renewal of these agreements and permits, National Beef is from time to time

9

required to make capital expenditures to upgrade or expand wastewater treatment facilities to address new and more
stringent discharge requirements imposed at the time of renewal. Storm water discharges from National Beef’s plants
are also regulated by state and local authorities.

All of National Beef’s facilities generate solid waste streams including small quantities of hazardous wastes. National
Beef is subject to laws that provide for strict, and in certain circumstances, joint and several liability for remediation
of hazardous substances at contaminated sites; however, National Beef has not received any demands that it has any
liability at sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“Superfund”) or
state counterparts. All plants are subject to community right to know reporting requirements under the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, which requires yearly filings as to the substances used on facility
premises.

Employees

Of  National  Beef’s  8,200  employees,  approximately  5,200  are  represented  by  collective  bargaining
agreements. Approximately 2,500 employees at the Liberal plant are represented by the United Food and Commercial
Workers  International  Union  under  a  collective  bargaining  agreement  scheduled  to  expire  in  December  2022,
approximately 2,500 employees at the Dodge City plant are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers
International Union under a collective bargaining agreement scheduled to expire in December 2021, and another
approximately  200  employees  at  the  St.  Joseph  plant  are  represented  by  the  United  Cereal  Workers
(R.W.D.S.U./U.F.C.W.) under a collective bargaining agreement scheduled to expire in June 2019.

HRG Group

HRG Group, Inc. (“HRG”) is a publicly traded (NYSE: HRG) holding company that primarily owns approximately
59%  of  Spectrum  Brands,  a  publicly  traded  (NYSE:  SPB)  global  consumer  products  company.  HRG  sold  its
approximate 80% interest in Fidelity & Guaranty Life, a life insurance and annuity products company and 100% interest
in Front Street, a long-term reinsurance company, to CF Corporation in the fourth quarter of 2017. HRG continues to
streamline its business and simplify its holding company structure and has announced that they are exploring strategic
alternatives  to  maximize  shareholder  value. These  strategic  alternatives  may  include  a  merger,  sale  or  business
combination involving HRG and Spectrum Brands.

As of December 31, 2017, we own 46.6 million common shares of HRG, representing about 23% of its outstanding
common shares, which we reflect in our financial results at fair value. In addition, we currently have two directors on
HRG’s board, including our Chairman who serves as HRG’s Chairman and CEO. At December 31, 2017, the book
value of our holdings in HRG is $789.9 million and our cost was $475.6 million.

Garcadia

Garcadia is a joint venture between us and Garff Enterprises, Inc. (“Garff ”), which is owned by members of a family
that has operated car dealerships for over 85 years. Garcadia owns and operates 28 domestic and foreign automobile
dealerships in California, Iowa, Texas and Michigan. We and Garff have equal board representation and equal votes on
all matters affecting Garcadia, and all operating cash flows from Garcadia are allocated 65% to us and 35% to Garff,
with the exception of one dealership from which we receive 83% of all operating cash flows and four other dealerships
from which we receive 71% of all operating cash flows. Garcadia’s strategy is to own and operate automobile dealerships
in  primary  or  secondary  market  locations  meeting  its  specified  return  criteria. During  2017,  we  received  cash
distributions from Garcadia’s dealerships of $45.3 million.

In addition, we own parcels of land that are leased to certain dealerships. During 2017, we received rent payments
related to these leases of $9.5 million. At December 31, 2017, the net book value of our investment in Garcadia was
$179.1 million and our net investment in the parcels of land leased to the dealerships was $20.4 million, net of $53.4
million in mortgage debt.

10

Linkem

Linkem S.p.A. is a fixed wireless broadband service provider in Italy. Unlike the U.S. and most of Western Europe,
Italy does not have a national cable television system; as a result, Italy’s broadband penetration rate is among the lowest
in Europe. Linkem offers residential broadband services using LTE technologies deployed over the 3.5 GHz spectrum
band.

Our initial investment in Linkem was made in July 2011. Since that time, we have funded much of Linkem’s growth
and become its largest shareholder. We own approximately 42% of the common shares of Linkem, as well as convertible
preferred shares which, if converted, would increase our ownership to approximately 53% of Linkem’s common equity
at December 31, 2017. We have approximately 48% of the total voting securities of Linkem.

Linkem owns or has exclusive rights to spectrum holdings of 84MHz covering over 80% of the population of Italy and
at least 42MHz covering all of Italy. At December 31, 2017, Linkem’s network includes base stations deployed on
2,339  wireless  towers  that  can  reach  65%  of  Italian  households. Linkem  has  over  500,000  subscribers  for  its
services. Linkem’s base stations are now all LTE-enabled. LTE provides subscribers with faster download speeds and
improved service compared to DSL, the most popular broadband alternative. Linkem plans to increase its network
coverage across Italy over the coming years as it adds subscribers and it is exploring wholesale arrangements with
existing operators who would white label Linkem’s services. Expansion and customer acquisition costs are expected
to result in operating losses over the next couple of years.

Through December 31, 2017, we had invested $323.9 million in Linkem and the net book value of our investment was
$192.1 million at December 31, 2017.

Oil and Gas

Vitesse Energy, LLC (“Vitesse”) is a non-operating owner of oil and gas properties in the core of the Bakken Shale oil
field in North Dakota and Montana and the Denver-Julesburg Basin in Wyoming. We own 96% of Vitesse, which
acquires producing and undeveloped leasehold properties. Vitesse participates with its operating partners in the drilling
and completion of lower risk new horizontal wells on our leaseholds acreage, which converts our leasehold into cash
flow producing assets. Vitesse has acquired approximately 20,600 net acres of Bakken leasehold and has an interest in
1,572 producing wells (42 net wells) and 467 gross wells (13 net wells) that are currently drilling, completing or
permitted for drilling. In 2016, Vitesse acquired interests in 31 wellbores, which were drilled but not yet completed, in
the Denver-Julesburg Basin. As of December 31, 2017, 26 of those wellbores have been completed. Our strategic
priorities for Vitesse are to selectively add to our core acreage, participate in future profitable horizontal wells, increase
aggregate cash flow, and profitably sell selective assets when appropriate.

We also own 98% of JETX Energy, LLC (“JETX”), formerly Juneau Energy, LLC, which currently has acreage and
producing wells primarily in Brazos and Grimes counties in East Texas. During 2016, the management of JETX was
transferred to the Vitesse team and the company is now pursuing a non-operating strategy, whereby JETX has partnered
with Lonestar Resources US Inc. (NASDAQ: LONE) (“Lonestar”), an accomplished Eagle Ford operator. In August
2016, JETX sold 50% of its interest in its two East Eagle Ford wells that JETX drilled and completed in late 2015 to
Lonestar for equity and interests in Lonestar’s nearby oil and gas properties. Lonestar also agreed to pool some of its
nearby acreage with JETX’s and will pursue development of the pooled acreage. In addition, JETX invested $25 million
in Lonestar in exchange for $25 million principal amount of secured second lien notes and warrants. In December
2016, Lonestar repurchased $21 million principal amount of these secured second lien notes and in January 2017,
JETX sold the remaining $4 million to a third party. Lonestar successfully drilled and completed one of the better wells
in the Eastern Eagle Ford when the Wildcat B1H well was brought on line in May 2017. JETX has a 50% interest in
the  well  and  the  undeveloped  drilling  locations  within  the  unit.  JETX’s  strategic  priorities  include  the  further
development of our acreage in the East Eagle Ford, partnering with additional proven operators in JETX’s leasehold
and selectively selling assets.

At December 31, 2017, we have made cumulative net cash investments of $564.5 million in Vitesse and JETX and the
net book value of our oil and gas investments is $416.6 million.

11

Idaho Timber

Idaho Timber manufactures and distributes an extensive range of quality wood products to markets across North
America. Its activities include remanufacturing dimension lumber; remanufacturing, bundling and bar coding of home
center boards for large retailers; and production of pine dimension lumber and 5/4” radius-edge, pine decking. In
addition to its headquarters in Meridian, Idaho, Idaho Timber has plants in Idaho, Arkansas, Florida, Louisiana, New
Mexico, North Carolina and Texas.

The net book value of our investment was $81.5 million at December 31, 2017.

Golden Queen Mining Company

Golden Queen is a joint venture between Golden Queen Mining Co., Ltd. (“GQM”) and Gauss LLC (“Gauss”). We
own 70% of Gauss, which in turn owns 50% of the joint venture, giving us an effective 35% interest in Golden Queen.
Golden Queen developed and operates the Soledad Mountain Project, an open pit, heap leach gold and silver mining
project located in Kern County, California. The project uses conventional open pit mining methods, cyanide heap leach
and Merrill-Crowe processes to recover gold and silver from crushed, agglomerated ore. Gold and silver mining
activities commenced in March 2016. GQM is a Canadian company that has been developing and exploring its mineral
properties at Soledad Mountain since 1985. GQM is publicly traded on both the Toronto Stock Exchange (“GQM”)
and on the OTCQX International (“GQMNF”) markets.

We  have  invested  $83.0  million  in  Golden  Queen. The  net  book  value  of  our  investment  was  $74.5  million  at
December 31, 2017.

Financial Information about Segments

Our operating segments consist of the consolidated businesses discussed above, which offer different products and
services and are managed separately. Our three reportable segments, based on both qualitative and quantitative
requirements, are Jefferies, National Beef, and Corporate and other. All other businesses and investments consist of
our other financial services businesses and investments and our other merchant banking businesses and investments. Our
other financial services businesses and investments include the Leucadia Asset Management platform, Foursight
Capital,  and  our  investments  in  Berkadia,  HomeFed  and  FXCM.  Our  other  merchant  banking  businesses  and
investments primarily include Vitesse, JETX, Idaho Timber, and our investments in HRG, Garcadia, Linkem and Golden
Queen. Our financial information regarding our reportable segments is contained in Note 29, in our consolidated
financial statements.

As discussed further in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, we sold 100% of Conwed in January 2017 for
$295 million in cash plus potential earnout payments.

Information about Leucadia on the Internet

The following documents and reports are available on or through our website (www.leucadia.com) as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish to, the SEC:

• Code of Business Practice;
• Reportable waivers, if any, from our Code of Business Practice by our executive officers;
• Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines;
• Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors;
• Charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors;
• Charter of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors;
• Annual reports on Form 10-K;
• Quarterly reports on Form 10-Q;

12

• Current reports on Form 8-K;
• Beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5; and
• Any amendments to the above-mentioned documents and reports.

Shareholders may also obtain a printed copy of any of these documents or reports free of charge by sending a request
to Leucadia National Corporation, Investor Relations, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022 or by calling (212)
460-1900.

Item 1A.  Risk Factors.

Our business is subject to a number of risks. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all
of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report, before you decide whether to purchase
our securities. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. In addition to the specific risks mentioned in this
report, we may also be affected by other factors that affect businesses generally such as global or regional changes in
economic, business or political conditions, acts of war, terrorism or natural disasters. If any of such risks occur, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading
price of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Future acquisitions and dispositions of our businesses and investments are possible, changing the components
of our assets and liabilities, and if unsuccessful or unfavorable, could reduce the value of our securities. Any
future acquisitions or dispositions may result in significant changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities, as
well as our business mix and prospects. Consequently, our financial condition, results of operations and the trading
price of our securities may be affected by factors different from those affecting our financial condition, results of
operations and trading price at the present time.

We face numerous risks and uncertainties as we expand our business. We expect the growth and development of
our  business  to  come  primarily  from  internal  expansion  and  through  acquisitions,  investments,  and  strategic
partnering. As we expand our business, there can be no assurance that financial controls, the level and knowledge of
personnel, operational abilities, legal and compliance controls and other corporate support systems will be adequate
to manage our business and growth. The ineffectiveness of any of these controls or systems could adversely affect our
business and prospects. In addition, if we acquire new businesses and introduce new products, we face numerous risks
and uncertainties integrating their controls and systems, including financial controls, accounting and data processing
systems, management controls and other operations. A failure to integrate these systems and controls, and even an
inefficient integration of these systems and controls, could adversely affect our business and prospects.

Certain business initiatives, including expansions of existing businesses, may bring us into contact directly or indirectly,
with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and may expose us to new
asset classes and new markets. These business activities expose us to new and enhanced risks, greater regulatory scrutiny
of these activities, increased credit-related, sovereign and operational risks, and reputational concerns regarding the
manner in which these assets are being operated or held.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are dependent upon those of our individual businesses,
and our aggregate investment in particular industries. We are a holding company with investments in businesses
and assets in a number of industries. Jefferies is our largest investment and we have significant additional investments
in the financial services industry. Our business, financial condition and results of operations are dependent upon our
various businesses and investments. Any material adverse change in one of our businesses or investments, or in a
particular industry in which we operate or invest, may cause material adverse changes to our business, financial
condition and results of operations. The more capital we devote to a particular investment or industry may increase the
risk that such investment could significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations, possibly in a
material adverse way.

Conditions in the financial markets and the economy may adversely impact our businesses and investments. These
include economic conditions that may be specific to the industries in which our businesses and investments operate,
as well as a general economic slowdown, prolonged recession or other market downturn or disruption. Adverse impacts
may include the following:

13

• A market downturn could lead to a decline in client and customer activity levels, and therefore a decline in
services provided, causing reduced revenues from fees, commissions, spreads and other forms of revenue.
• Adverse changes in the market could lead to decreases in the value of our holdings, both realized and unrealized.
• Adverse changes in the market could also lead to a reduction in revenues from asset management fees and
investment income from managed funds. The build out of our asset management business could also be
impacted as adverse conditions could lead to a decrease in new capital raised and may cause investors to
withdraw their investments and commitments. Even in the absence of a market downturn, below-market
investment performance by funds and portfolio managers could reduce asset management revenues and assets
under management and result in reputational damage that might make it more difficult to attract new investors.
• Limitations on the availability of credit, such as occurred during 2008, can affect the ability of our businesses
and investments to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may adversely affect liquidity and results of
operations. Global market and economic conditions have been particularly disrupted and volatile in the last
several years and may be in the future. Cost and availability of funding could be affected by illiquid credit
markets and wider credit spreads.

• Changes in tax law could impact our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets, decrease current and anticipated

cash flows, or prompt revisions to compensation arrangements.

• Should one or more of the competitors of our businesses or investments fail, business prospects and revenue
could be negatively impacted due to negative market sentiment causing customers to cease doing business with,
and lenders to cease extending credit to, our businesses and investments, which could adversely affect our
operations, funding and liquidity.

• Unfavorable economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the demand for new loans and the servicing
of loans originated by third parties, which would have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of
some of our financial services businesses and investments.

The United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union could adversely affect our businesses and investments.
The referendum held in the U.K. on June 23, 2016 resulted in a determination that the U.K. should exit the European
Union. In March 2017, the U.K. government initiated the exit process under Article 50 of the Treaty of the EU,
commencing a period of up to two years for the United Kingdom and the other EU member states to negotiate the
terms of the withdrawal. The uncertainty surrounding the timing, terms and consequences of the U.K.’s exit could
adversely impact customer and investor confidence, result in additional market volatility, and adversely affect Jefferies,
FXCM, as well as certain of HRG’s subsidiaries, particularly those with operations or customers in Europe.

Jefferies operates substantial parts of its EU businesses from entities based in the U.K. Upon the U.K. leaving the EU,
the regulatory and legal environment that would then exist, and to which its U.K. operations would then be subject,
will depend on, in certain respects, the nature of the arrangements the U.K. agreed with the EU and other trading
partners. It is highly likely that changes to its legal entity structure and operations in Europe will be required as a result
of these arrangements, which might result in a less efficient operating model across its European legal entities. Jefferies
is in the process of finalizing plans to ensure its continued ability to operate in the U.K. and the EU beyond the expected
exit date.

Damage to our reputation could damage our business. Maintaining our reputation is critical to our attracting and
maintaining customers, investors and employees. If we fail to deal with, or appear to fail to deal with, various issues
that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. These issues include, but
are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this Item 1A, appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest,
legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money-laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, record keeping, sales
and trading practices, failure to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels, and the proper
identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity and market risks inherent in our products. A failure to deliver
appropriate standards of service and quality, or a failure or perceived failure to treat customers and clients fairly, can
result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue,
higher operating costs and harm to our reputation. Further, negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may
also result in harm to our prospects. Our operations in the past have been impacted as some clients either ceased doing
business or temporarily slowed down the level of business they do, thereby decreasing our revenue. There is no assurance
that we will be able to successfully reverse the negative impact of allegations and rumors in the future and our potential
failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and liquidity.

14

Jefferies and LAM may incur losses if their risk management is not effective. Jefferies and LAM seek to monitor
and control their risk exposure. Their risk management processes and procedures are designed to limit their exposure
to acceptable levels as they conduct their businesses. Jefferies applies a comprehensive framework of limits on a variety
of key metrics to constrain the risk profile of its business activities. The size of the limit reflects Jefferies’ risk tolerance
for a certain activity. The framework includes inventory position and exposure limits on a gross and net basis, scenario
analysis and stress tests, value-at-risk, sensitivities, exposure concentrations, aged inventory, amount of Level 3 assets,
counterparty exposure, leverage, cash capital, and performance analysis. While Jefferies and LAM employ various
risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application,
including risk tolerance determinations, cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and
timing of such outcomes. As a result, Jefferies and LAM may incur losses notwithstanding their risk management
processes and procedures.

Recent legislation and new and pending regulation may significantly affect Jefferies or our other businesses and
investments. In recent years, there has been significant legislation and increased regulation affecting the financial
services industry. In addition, there has also been recent discussions of proposed legislative and regulatory changes
that would also affect the financial services industry. These legislative and regulatory initiatives affect not only Jefferies,
LAM, FXCM, and Berkadia, but also their competitors and certain of their clients and customers. These changes could
have an effect on our revenue and profitability, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, impact the
value of assets that we hold, require us to change certain business practices, impose additional costs on us and otherwise
adversely affect our business. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that legislation and regulation will not
eventually have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Extensive regulation of Jefferies and LAM business limits their activities, and, if Jefferies or LAM violates these
regulations, they may be subject to significant penalties. The financial services industry is subject to extensive laws,
rules and regulations in every country in which Jefferies and LAM operates. Firms that engage in securities and
derivatives trading, wealth and asset management and investment banking must comply with the laws, rules and
regulations imposed by national and state governments and regulatory and self-regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over
such activities. Such laws, rules and regulations cover all aspects of the financial services business, including, but not
limited to, sales and trading methods, trade practices, use and safekeeping of customers’ funds and securities, capital
structure, anti-money laundering and anti-bribery and corruption efforts, recordkeeping and the conduct of directors,
officers and employees.

Each of Jefferies and LAM regulators supervises their business activities to monitor compliance with such laws, rules
and regulations in the relevant jurisdiction. In addition, if there are instances in which Jefferies or LAM regulators
question their compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, they may investigate the facts and circumstances to
determine whether Jefferies or LAM have complied. At any moment in time, Jefferies or LAM may be subject to one
or more such investigation or similar reviews. At this time, all such investigations and similar reviews are insignificant
in scope and immaterial to Jefferies and LAM. However, there can be no assurance that, in the future, the operations
of Jefferies or LAM businesses will not violate such laws, rules, or regulations and such investigations and similar
reviews will not result in adverse regulatory requirements, regulatory enforcement actions and/or fines.

Any violation of these laws, rules and regulations could subject Jefferies or LAM to one or more of the following
events: civil and criminal liability; sanctions, which could include the revocation of its subsidiaries’ registrations as
registered investment advisors or broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of its financial advisors; censures; fines;
or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. The occurrence of any of these events could
have a material adverse effect on Jefferies or LAM business, financial condition and prospects.

Certain of Jefferies’ subsidiaries are subject to regulatory financial capital holding requirements, such as the Net Capital
Rule, that could impact various capital allocation decisions or limit the operations of its broker-dealers. In particular,
compliance with the Net Capital Rule may restrict its broker-dealers’ ability to engage in capital-intensive activities
such as underwriting and trading, and may also limit their ability to make loans, advances, dividends and other payments.

Additional legislation, changes in rules, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, conflicts
and inconsistencies among rules and regulations, or the entering into businesses that subject Jefferies or LAM to new
rules and regulations may directly affect their business, results of operations and financial condition. Jefferies and
LAM continue to monitor the impact of new U.S. and international regulation on their businesses.

15

A credit rating agency downgrade could significantly impact our businesses. We and Jefferies have credit ratings
issued by various credit rating agencies. Maintaining our credit ratings is important to our and Jefferies business and
financial condition. We advised certain credit rating agencies that we would target specific concentration, leverage and
liquidity  principles,  expressed  in  the  form  of  certain  ratios  and  percentages. A  failure  to  meet  these  ratios  and
percentages could trigger a ratings downgrade. We and Jefferies intend to access capital markets and issue debt securities
from time to time, and a ratings downgrade may decrease demand for such offered security. A decrease in demand
would not only make a successful financing more difficult, but also increase our respective capital costs. Similarly,
our and Jefferies access to other forms of credit may be limited and our respective borrowing costs may increase if our
or Jefferies credit ratings are downgraded. A downgrade could also negatively impact our and Jefferies outstanding
debt prices and our stock price. In addition, in connection with certain over-the-counter derivative contract arrangements
and certain other trading arrangements, a ratings downgrade could cause us or Jefferies to provide additional collateral
to counterparties, exchanges and clearing organizations which would negatively impact our and Jefferies liquidity and
financial condition. There can be no assurance that our or Jefferies credit ratings will not be downgraded.

In addition, if Berkadia does not maintain specified servicer ratings from the credit rating agencies, customers would
have the right to terminate their mortgage servicing agreements. If mortgage servicing agreements were terminated as
a result of a servicer ratings downgrade, we could lose a significant portion of the value of our equity investment.

Jefferies principal trading and investments expose us to risk of loss. A considerable portion of Jefferies revenues
is derived from trading in which Jefferies acts as principal. Jefferies may incur trading losses relating to the purchase,
sale or short sale of fixed income, high yield, international, convertible, and equity securities, loans and futures and
commodities for its own account. In any period, Jefferies may experience losses on its inventory positions as a result
of price fluctuations, lack of trading volume, and illiquidity. From time to time, Jefferies may engage in a large block
trade in a single security or maintain large position concentrations in a single security, securities of a single issuer,
securities of issuers engaged in a specific industry, or securities from issuers located in a particular country or region. In
general, because Jefferies inventory is marked to market on a daily basis, any adverse price movement in these securities
could result in a reduction of Jefferies revenues and profits. In addition, Jefferies may engage in hedging transactions
that if not successful, could result in losses.

We are exposed to market risk. We are, directly and indirectly, affected by changes in market conditions. Market risk
generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in
market conditions. For example, changes in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest spread, the difference
between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for sources of funding, which, in turn, impacts our
net interest revenue and earnings. Changes in interest rates could affect the interest earned on assets differently than
interest paid on liabilities. In our brokerage operations, a rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning
a larger net interest spread. Conversely, in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our
earning a smaller net interest spread. If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest
rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.

Market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including trading
account assets and liabilities, loans, securities, short-term borrowings, corporate debt, and derivatives. Market conditions
that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices,
relative exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit
quality of an issuer.

In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell,
syndicate, or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. The inability to reduce
our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions,
but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing capital requirements, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Increased competition may adversely affect Jefferies revenues and profitability. All aspects of Jefferies business
are intensely competitive. Jefferies competes directly with a number of bank holding companies and commercial banks,
other brokers and dealers, investment banking firms and other financial institutions. In addition to competition from
firms currently in the securities business, there has been increasing competition from others offering financial services,
including automated trading and other services based on technological innovations. Jefferies believes that the principal

16

factors affecting competition involve market focus, reputation, the abilities of professional personnel, the ability to
execute the transaction, relative price of the service and products being offered, bundling of products and services and
the quality of products and service. Increased competition or an adverse change in Jefferies competitive position could
lead to a reduction of business and therefore a reduction of revenues and profits.

The ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled and productive employees is critical to the success of our
business. Our ability to develop and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, business generation
capabilities and skills of our professionals. To compete effectively, we must attract, retain and motivate qualified
professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers
and other revenue producing or specialized personnel. Competitive pressures we experience with respect to employees
could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Turnover in the financial services industry is high. The cost of retaining skilled professionals in the financial services
industry has escalated considerably. Financial industry employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront
payments, and increased compensation. These can be important factors in a current employee’s decision to leave us as
well as in a prospective employee’s decision to join us. As competition for skilled professionals in the industry remains
intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attracting and retaining qualified personnel.

If we were to lose the services of certain of our professionals, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and
some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. If we are unable to retain
our professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial
condition will be adversely affected. Further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses
frequently require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues.

Moreover, companies in our industries whose employees accept positions with competitors often claim that those
competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. We may be subject to such claims in the future as we seek to hire
qualified personnel who have worked for our competitors. Some of these claims may result in material litigation. We
could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. Such claims could also
discourage potential employees who work for our competitors from joining us.

Operational risks may disrupt Jefferies business, result in regulatory action against Jefferies or limit Jefferies
growth. Jefferies businesses are highly dependent on its ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of
transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies, and the transactions Jefferies processes have
become increasingly complex. If any of Jefferies financial, accounting or other data processing systems do not operate
properly or are disabled or if there are other shortcomings or failures in Jefferies internal processes, people or systems,
Jefferies could suffer an impairment to its liquidity, financial loss, a disruption of its businesses, liability to clients,
regulatory intervention or reputational damage. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a
result  of  events  that  are  wholly  or  partially  beyond  Jefferies  control,  including  a  disruption  of  electrical  or
communications services or Jefferies inability to occupy one or more of its buildings. The inability of Jefferies systems
to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions could also constrain its ability to expand its businesses.

Certain of Jefferies financial and other data processing systems rely on access to and the functionality of operating
systems maintained by third parties. If the accounting, trading or other data processing systems on which Jefferies is
dependent are unable to meet increasingly demanding standards for processing and security or, if they fail or have
other significant shortcomings, Jefferies could be adversely affected. Such consequences may include Jefferies inability
to effect transactions and manage Jefferies exposure to risk.

In addition, despite the contingency plans Jefferies has in place, Jefferies ability to conduct business may be adversely
impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities in which they are
located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation or other services used by
Jefferies or third parties with which Jefferies conducts business.

Jefferies information and technology systems are critical components of its business and operations, and a failure
of those systems or other aspects of its operations infrastructure may disrupt its business, cause financial loss,
increase its legal liability and constrain its growth. Jefferies operations rely extensively on the secure processing,
storage and transmission of confidential and other information in Jefferies computer systems and networks. Although

17

Jefferies takes protective measures and devotes significant resources to maintaining and upgrading its systems and
networks with measures such as intrusion and detection prevention systems, monitoring firewall to safeguard critical
business applications and supervising third party providers that have access to its systems, Jefferies computer systems,
software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code, and other
events that could have a security impact. Additionally, if a client’s computer system, network or other technology is
compromised by unauthorized access, Jefferies may face losses or other adverse consequences by unknowingly entering
into unauthorized transactions. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize Jefferies or its
clients’ or counterparties’ confidential and other information processed and stored in and transmitted through our
computer systems and networks. Furthermore, such events may cause interruptions or malfunctions in Jefferies, its
clients’, its counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, including the transmission and execution of unauthorized
transactions. Jefferies may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or
to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and Jefferies may be subject to litigation and financial
losses that are either not covered or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by Jefferies. The increased use
of smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices as well as cloud computing may also heighten these and other
operational risks. Similar to other firms, Jefferies and its third party providers continue to be the subject of attempted
unauthorized access, computer viruses and malware, and cyber attacks designed to disrupt or degrade service or cause
other damage and denial of service. Additional challenges are posed by external parties, including foreign state actors.
There can be no assurance that such unauthorized access or cyber incidents will not occur in the future, and they could
occur more frequently and on a larger scale.

Jefferies is also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of its clients, employees or
others, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose Jefferies to liability and/or reputational damage.
In addition, Jefferies’ businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption
and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require
Jefferies to change its policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things,
make Jefferies more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology.

Jefferies business is subject to significant credit risk. In the normal course of Jefferies businesses, Jefferies is involved
in the execution, settlement and financing of various customer and principal securities and derivative transactions. These
activities are transacted on a cash, margin or delivery-versus-payment basis and are subject to the risk of counterparty
or customer nonperformance. Although transactions are generally collateralized by the underlying security or other
securities, Jefferies still faces the risks associated with changes in the market value of the collateral through settlement
date or during the time when margin is extended and collateral has not been secured or the counterparty defaults before
collateral or margin can be adjusted. Jefferies may also incur credit risk in its derivative transactions to the extent such
transactions result in uncollateralized credit exposure to counterparties.

Jefferies seeks to control the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits and
by monitoring collateral and transaction levels daily. Jefferies may require counterparties to deposit additional collateral
or return collateral pledged. In certain circumstances, Jefferies may, under industry regulations, purchase the underlying
securities in the market and seek reimbursement for any losses from the counterparty. However, there can be no
assurances that Jefferies risk controls will be successful.

The prices and availability of key raw materials affects the profitability of our beef processing and manufacturing
operations. The supply and market price of cattle purchased by National Beef are dependent upon a variety of factors
over which National Beef has no control, including fluctuations in the size of herds maintained by producers, the
relative cost of feed and energy, weather and livestock diseases. The cost of raw materials used by our manufacturing
businesses have fluctuated over time as a result of a variety of factors. Although our manufacturing businesses are not
currently experiencing any shortage of raw materials, if such shortages occur, revenues and profitability could decline.

Outbreaks of disease affecting livestock can adversely affect the supply of cattle and the demand for National
Beef’s products. National Beef is subject to risks relating to animal health and disease control. An outbreak of disease
affecting livestock (such as foot-and-mouth disease or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (“BSE”), commonly referred
to as mad cow disease) could result in restrictions on sales of products, restrictions on purchases of livestock from
suppliers or widespread destruction of cattle. The discovery of BSE in the past caused certain countries to restrict or
prohibit the importation of beef products. Outbreaks of diseases, or the perception by the public that an outbreak has
occurred, or other concerns regarding diseases, can lead to inadequate supply, cancellation of orders by customers and

18

create adverse publicity, any of which can have a significant negative impact on consumer demand and, as a result, on
our consolidated financial position, cash flows and results of operations.

If National Beef’s products or products made by others using its products become contaminated or are alleged
to be contaminated, National Beef may be subject to product liability claims that could adversely affect its
business. National Beef may be subject to significant liability in excess of insurance policy limits if its products or
products made by others using its products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, National Beef could recall or be
required to recall products that are, or are alleged to be, contaminated, spoiled or inappropriately labeled. Organisms
producing food borne illnesses (such as E. coli) could be present in National Beef’s products and result in illness or
death if they are not eliminated through further processing or cooking. Contamination of National Beef’s or its
competitors’ products may create adverse publicity or cause consumers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of
beef products. Allegations of product contamination may also be harmful even if they are untrue or result from third-
party tampering. Any of these events may increase costs or decrease demand for beef products, any of which could
have a significant adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

National Beef generally does not enter into long-term contracts with customers; as a result, the volumes and
prices at which beef products are sold are subject to market forces. National Beef’s customers generally place
orders for products on an as-needed basis and, as a result, their order levels have varied from period to period in the
past and may vary significantly in the future. The loss of one or more significant customers, a significant decline in
the volume of orders from customers or a significant decrease in beef product prices for a sustained period of time
could negatively impact cash flows and results of operations.

National Beef’s exports expose it to political and economic risks in the U.S. and foreign countries, as well as to
risks related to currency fluctuations. Approximately 11.2% of National Beef’s annual sales are export sales,
primarily to Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Italy and Canada, and on average these sales
have a higher margin than domestic sales of similar products. A reduction in international sales could adversely affect
revenues and margins. Risks associated with international activities include inflation or deflation and changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, including changes in currency exchange rates of other countries that may export beef products
in competition with National Beef; the closing of borders by foreign countries to product imports due to disease or
other perceived health or food safety issues; exchange controls; changes in tariffs; changes in political or economic
conditions; trade restrictions and changes in regulatory requirements. The occurrence of any of these events could
increase costs, lower demand for products or limit operations, which could have a significant adverse effect on cash
flows, results of operations and future prospects.

National Beef incurs substantial costs to comply with environmental regulations and could incur additional
costs as a result of new regulations or compliance failures that result in civil or criminal penalties, liability for
damages and negative publicity. National Beef’s operations are subject to extensive and stringent environmental
regulations administered by the EPA and state, local and other authorities with regards to water usage, wastewater and
storm water discharge, air emissions and odor, and waste management and disposal. Failure to comply with these laws
and regulations could have serious consequences, including criminal, civil and administrative penalties and negative
publicity. In addition, National Beef incurs and will continue to incur significant capital and operating expenditures to
comply with existing and new or more stringent regulations and requirements. All of National Beef’s processing
facilities procure wastewater treatment services from municipal or other regional governmental agencies that are in
turn subject to environmental laws and permit limits regarding their water discharges. As permit limits are becoming
more stringent, upgrades and capital improvements to these municipal treatment facilities are likely. In locations where
National Beef is a significant volume discharger, it could be asked to contribute toward the costs of such upgrades or
to pay significantly increased water or sewer charges to recoup such upgrade costs. National Beef may also be required
to undertake upgrades and make capital improvements to its own wastewater pretreatment facilities, the cost of which
could be significant. Compliance with environmental regulations has had and will continue to have a significant impact
on  National  Beef’s  cash  flows  and  profitability. In  addition,  under  most  environmental  laws,  most  notably  the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) and analogous state laws,
National Beef could be held liable for the cost to investigate or remediate any contamination at properties it owns or
operates, or as to which it arranges for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, as such liability is imposed
without regard to fault.

19

National Beef is subject to extensive governmental regulation and noncompliance with or changes in applicable
requirements could adversely affect its business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. National
Beef’s operations are subject to extensive regulation and oversight by the USDA, including its FSIS, APHIS and GIPSA
agencies, the FDA, and other federal, state, local and foreign authorities regarding the procurement of cattle and the
processing, packaging, storage, safety, distribution, advertising and labeling of its products. Recently, food safety
practices and procedures in the meat processing industry have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight by
the USDA. National Beef is also subject to a variety of immigration, labor and worker safety laws and regulations,
including those relating to the hiring and retention of employees. Failure to comply with existing or new laws and
regulations could result in administrative penalties and injunctive relief, civil remedies, fines, interruption of operations,
recalls of products or seizures of properties, potential criminal sanctions and personal injury or other damage claims.
These remedies, changes in the applicable laws and regulations or discovery of currently unknown conditions could
increase costs, limit business operations and reduce profitability.

National Beef’s performance depends on favorable labor relations with its employees, in particular employees
represented by collective bargaining agreements. A substantial number of National Beef’s employees are covered
by collective bargaining agreements. A labor-related work stoppage by unionized employees, or employees who become
unionized in the future, could limit National Beef’s ability to process and ship products or could increase costs. Any
significant increase in labor costs, deterioration of employee relations, slowdowns or work stoppages at any of National
Beef’s locations, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Uncertainties inherent in HRG’s business and operations could impact the realizability of the full value of our
investment. As a holding company, HRG is subject to risks and uncertainties across the industries in which it invests. It
is also subject to risks associated with its holding company structure, which include potential difficulties or limitations
in receiving distributions from its subsidiaries, and the risk that acquisitions, dispositions or integrations of subsidiaries
may not be successful. The overall profitability of HRG is directly contingent on the profitability of its subsidiaries,
which are subject to a number of specific risks, including substantial indebtedness and restrictive covenants within
Spectrum Brands. We hold about 23% of the common shares of HRG and we record our investment at fair value. As
we do not control HRG, its management may make decisions that are not in our best interest. HRG could decide to
issue additional common shares, which would dilute our current ownership. Additionally, changes in the market price
of HRG shares may lead to volatility in our results of operations. For additional risk factors concerning HRG, see its
SEC filings.

Uncertainties relating to the results of FXCM could impact the value of our investment in FXCM. FXCM’s
revenue and operating results may vary significantly from period to period due to movements and trends in the world’s
currency markets and to fluctuations in trading levels. In addition, attrition of customer accounts, which are primarily
comprised of individual retail customers, and failure to attract new accounts could impact revenue and profitability.
FXCM is also subject to regulatory risks, as well as risks such as those relating to government actions like the
unexpected actions of the Swiss National Bank on January 15, 2015, which resulted in the historic movement in the
Swiss Franc.

The performance of our oil and gas production and development investments, JETX and Vitesse, is impacted
by uncertainties specific to the oil and gas industry which we cannot control. The oil and gas industry, by its nature,
involves a high degree of risk. The value of these investments may be impacted by changes in the prices of oil, gas and
natural gas liquids, which are affected by local, regional and global events or conditions that affect supply and demand
and which have a history of significant price volatility. These investments are also exposed to changes in regulations
affecting the industry, which could increase our cost of compliance, increase taxes or reduce or delay business
opportunities. In addition, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in the estimation of future oil and gas production
and future income streams associated with production. As a result, actual results could materially differ from those we
currently anticipate and our ability to profitably grow these investments could be adversely affected.

Declines in the U.S. housing market may reduce revenues of Idaho Timber. Idaho Timber generates significant
revenues when the U.S. housing market is strong. If the U.S. housing market were to decline, Idaho Timber’s revenues
and profitability would be adversely impacted.

20

We may not be able to insure certain risks economically. We cannot be certain that we will be able to insure all risks
that we desire to insure economically or that all of our insurers or reinsurers will be financially viable if we make a
claim. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits should occur, or if we are required to pay a deductible
for an insured loss, results of operations could be adversely affected.

When Berkadia originates loans for Fannie Mae, it is normally required to share in the losses on such loans,
which could be in excess of reserved amounts. Berkadia carries a reserve on its balance sheet for contingent losses
on loans originated for Fannie Mae that have loss sharing requirements. If actual losses exceed amounts reserved,
Berkadia’s profitability and cash flows will be reduced.

The loss of or changes in Berkadia’s relationships with U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises and federal
agencies would have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s business. Berkadia’s failure to comply with U.S. Government-
Sponsored Enterprise or federal agency requirements may result in its termination as an approved seller/servicer,
mortgagee or issuer. The loss of any such status could have a significant adverse impact on Berkadia’s results of
operations, could result in a loss of similar approvals from other U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises or federal
agencies and could have other adverse consequences to the business. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac retain broad
discretion to terminate Berkadia as a seller/servicer without cause upon notice.

Changes in existing government-sponsored and federal mortgage programs could negatively affect Berkadia’s
business. Berkadia’s ability to generate income through mortgage sales to institutional investors depends in part on
programs sponsored by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the FHA, which purchase such loans from Berkadia and/or
facilitate the issuance of mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market. Any discontinuation of, or significant
reduction or change in, the operation of those programs would have an adverse effect on Berkadia’s loan origination
and servicing business and results of operations.

Berkadia’s fee-for-service businesses may be terminated on short notice. Some of Berkadia’s fee-for-service
customers are permitted to terminate Berkadia on short notice, usually 30 days. If Berkadia loses fee-for-service
customers, it would negatively impact Berkadia’s results of operations and cash flows.

Certain loan programs expose Berkadia to credit and interest rate risk that it is not subject to with its U.S.
Government-Sponsored Enterprise and federal agency lending programs. Unlike its U.S. Government-Sponsored
Enterprise and federal agency lending programs, Berkadia makes certain floating rate bridge loans which are held on
Berkadia’s balance sheet and not intended for sale. If for any reason a borrower is unable to pay off or refinance a
bridge loan, Berkadia may be forced to foreclose on defaulted loans and suffer a loss, or to sell loans to a third party
at a discount, either of which would reduce Berkadia’s profitability and cash flows. As of December 31, 2017, the
aggregate amount of bridge loans on Berkadia’s balance sheet was $672.0 million.

If Berkadia suffered significant losses and was unable to repay its commercial paper borrowings, we would be
exposed to loss pursuant to a reimbursement obligation to Berkshire Hathaway. Berkadia obtains funds generated
by commercial paper sales of an affiliate of Berkadia. All of the proceeds from the commercial paper sales are used
by Berkadia to fund new mortgage loans, servicer advances, investments and other working capital requirements.
Repayment of the commercial paper is supported by a $1.5 billion surety policy issued by a Berkshire Hathaway
insurance subsidiary and a Berkshire Hathaway corporate guaranty, and we have agreed to reimburse Berkshire
Hathaway for one-half of any losses incurred thereunder. If Berkadia suffers significant losses and is unable to repay
its commercial paper borrowings, we would suffer losses to the extent of our reimbursement obligation to Berkshire
Hathaway. As of December 31, 2017, the aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding was $1.47 billion.

Garcadia’s business is dependent, in part, upon revenue from new and used car sales at its dealerships, and
declines in revenues due to industry or other factors could result in reduced profitability, reduced cash flows
and/or impairment charges. Garcadia has recorded impairment charges in the past, principally for goodwill and other
intangible assets, and if the automobile industry experiences a downturn in the future, additional impairment charges
are likely, reducing our profitability.

From time to time we may invest in illiquid securities that are subject to standstill agreements or are otherwise
restricted. From time to time we may invest in securities that are subject to restrictions which prohibit us from selling
the subject securities for a period of time. Such agreements may limit our ability to generate liquidity quickly through
the disposition of the underlying investment while the agreement is effective.

21

We could experience significant increases in operating costs and reduced profitability due to competition for
skilled management and staff employees in our operating businesses. We compete with many other entities for
skilled management and staff employees, including entities that operate in different market sectors than us. Costs to
recruit and retain adequate personnel could adversely affect results of operations.

Extreme weather, loss of electrical power or other forces beyond our control could negatively impact our
business. Natural disasters, fire, terrorism, pandemic or extreme weather, including droughts, floods, excessive cold
or heat, hurricanes or other storms, could interfere with our operating businesses due to power outages, fuel shortages,
water shortages, damage to facilities or disruption of transportation channels, among other things. Any of these factors,
as well as disruptions to information systems, could have an adverse effect on financial results.

We rely on the security of our information technology systems and those of our third party providers to protect
our proprietary information and information of our customers. Some of our businesses involve the storage and
transmission of customers’ personal information, consumer preferences and credit card information. While we believe
that we have implemented protective measures to effectively secure information and prevent security breaches, and we
continue to assess and improve these measures, our information technology systems have been and may continue to
be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer hacking, computer viruses or other unauthorized attempts by third
parties to access the proprietary information of our customers. Information technology breaches and failures could
disrupt our ability to function in the normal course of business resulting in lost revenue, the disclosure or modification
of sensitive or confidential information and the incurrence of remediation and notification costs, resulting in legal and
financial exposure. Moreover, loss of confidential customer identification information could harm our reputation and
subject us to liability under laws that protect confidential personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues.

Legal liability may harm our business. Many aspects of our businesses involve substantial risks of liability, and in
the normal course of business, we have been named as a defendant or codefendant in lawsuits involving primarily
claims for damages. The risks associated with potential legal liabilities often may be difficult to assess or quantify and
their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The expansion of our businesses,
including expansions into new products or markets, impose greater risks of liability. In addition, unauthorized or illegal
acts of our employees could result in substantial liability. Substantial legal liability could have a material adverse
financial effect or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our businesses and our
prospects. Although our current assessment is that, other than as disclosed in this report, there is no pending litigation
that could have a significant adverse impact, if our assessment proves to be in error, then the outcome of litigation
could have a significant impact on our financial statements.

Recent U.S. tax legislation may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. Recently enacted U.S. tax legislation has made significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code,
including the taxation of U.S. corporations by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, limiting deductibility
of certain executive compensation, reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, disallowing certain deductions that
had previously been allowed, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a territorial tax
system, assessing a repatriation tax or “transition tax” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S. owned foreign
corporations, and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions. The legislation is highly complex and unclear in
certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the Internal Revenue Service and
state tax authorities. Additionally, the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections,
any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. Thus, the impact of certain aspects of
the legislation on us is currently unclear and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

We may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to fully realize our deferred tax asset. At December 31,
2017, we have recognized net deferred tax assets of $743.8 million. If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable
income, we will not be able to fully realize the recorded amount of the net deferred tax asset. If we are unable to
generate sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of our federal income tax net operating loss carryforwards
(“NOLs”), all or a portion of the NOLs would expire unused. Our projections of future taxable income required to
fully realize the recorded amount of the net deferred tax asset reflect numerous assumptions about our operating
businesses and investments, and are subject to change as conditions change specific to our business units, investments
or general economic conditions. Changes that are adverse to us could result in the need to increase the deferred tax
asset valuation allowance resulting in a charge to results of operations and a decrease to total stockholders’ equity.

22

If our tax filing positions were to be challenged by federal, state and local or foreign tax jurisdictions, we may
not be wholly successful in defending our tax filing positions. We record reserves for unrecognized tax benefits
based on our assessment of the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions. Management exercises
significant judgment when assessing the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions, and in determining
whether a contingent tax liability should be recorded and, if so, estimating the amount. If our tax filing positions are
successfully challenged, payments could be required that are in excess of reserved amounts or we may be required to
reduce the carrying amount of our net deferred tax asset, either of which result could be significant to our financial
condition or results of operations.

We have indicated our intention to pay quarterly dividends at the annual rate of $0.40 per common share. The
payment of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon general
business conditions, legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and other factors that the Board of
Directors may deem to be relevant.

Our common shares are subject to transfer restrictions. We and certain of our subsidiaries have significant NOLs
and other tax attributes, the amount and availability of which are subject to certain qualifications, limitations and
uncertainties. In order to reduce the possibility that certain changes in ownership could result in limitations on the use
of the tax attributes, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that generally restrict the ability of a person
or entity from acquiring ownership (including through attribution under the tax law) of 5% or more of our common
shares and the ability of persons or entities now owning 5% or more of our common shares from acquiring additional
common shares. The restriction will remain until the earliest of (a) December 31, 2024, (b) the repeal of Section 382
of the Internal Revenue Code (or any comparable successor provision) and (c) the beginning of a taxable year to which
these tax benefits may no longer be carried forward. The restriction may be waived by our Board of Directors on a
case by case basis. Shareholders are advised to carefully monitor their ownership of our common shares and consult
their own legal advisors and/or us to determine whether their ownership of our common shares approaches the
proscribed level.

Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not applicable.

Item 2. Properties.

Our and Jefferies global executive offices and principal administrative offices are located at 520 Madison Avenue,
New York, New York under an operating lease arrangement.

Jefferies maintains additional offices in over 30 cities throughout the world including its European headquarters in
London and its Asian headquarters in Hong Kong. In addition, Jefferies maintains backup data center facilities with
redundant technologies for each of its three main data center hubs in Jersey City, London and Hong Kong. Jefferies
leases all of its office space, or contract via service arrangement, which management believes is adequate for its
business.

National Beef’s processing facilities, which are the principal properties used in its business, are described in Item 1 of
this report. National Beef also leases corporate office space in Kansas City, Missouri for its headquarters facility and
space in Chicago, Kansas City (Kansas), Tokyo, Seoul and Hong Kong.

Idaho Timber’s plants, which are the principal properties used in its business, are described in Item 1 of this report.

Our businesses lease numerous other manufacturing, warehousing, office and headquarters facilities. The facilities
vary in size and have leases expiring at various times, subject, in certain instances, to renewal options. See Note 24 to
our consolidated financial statements.

23

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

The information required by this Item 3 is incorporated by reference from the “Contingencies” section in Note 24 in
the Notes to consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of this report, which is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

24

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities.

Our common shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol LUK. The following table sets forth, for the calendar
periods indicated, the high and low sales price per common share on the consolidated transaction reporting system, as
reported by the Bloomberg Professional Service provided by Bloomberg L.P.

                                                                                                                                                                                     Common Share
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ______________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                                High                  Low
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________                        _____________

2016____
First Quarter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $17.39          $14.27
Second Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            18.22            15.32
Third Quarter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            19.49            16.53
Fourth Quarter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            24.17            17.87

2017____
First Quarter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $27.34          $22.69
Second Quarter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            26.78            23.81
Third Quarter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            27.21            22.23
Fourth Quarter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            27.09            24.92

2018____
First Quarter (through February 15, 2018)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $28.30          $23.46

As of February 15, 2018, there were approximately 1,544 record holders of the common shares.

We paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.10 per share for the each of the last two quarters of 2017 and $0.0625 per share
for each of the first two quarters of 2017 and each quarter of 2016 and 2015. We have indicated our intention to pay
quarterly dividends currently at the annual rate of $0.40 per common share. The payment of dividends in the future is
subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon general business conditions, legal and
contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem to be
relevant.

Certain of our subsidiaries have significant NOLs and other tax attributes, the amount and availability of which are
subject to certain qualifications, limitations and uncertainties. In order to reduce the possibility that certain changes in
ownership could result in limitations on the use of our tax attributes, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions
which generally restrict the ability of a person or entity from acquiring ownership (including through attribution under
the tax law) of 5% or more of the common shares and the ability of persons or entities now owning 5% or more of the
common shares from acquiring additional common shares. The restrictions will remain in effect until the earliest of
(a) December 31, 2024, (b) the repeal of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any comparable successor
provision) or (c) the beginning of a taxable year to which these tax benefits may no longer be carried forward.

In November 2012, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may, from
time to time, purchase up to an aggregate of 25,000,000 of our common shares, inclusive of prior authorizations. During
2017, we repurchased a total of 3,661,588 shares in the open market pursuant to this program. Separately, during the
year  ended  December 31,  2017,  we  repurchased  an  aggregate  of  362,138  shares  in  connection  with  our  share
compensation plans which allow participants to use shares to satisfy certain tax liabilities arising from the vesting of
restricted shares and the distribution of restricted share units. The total number of shares purchased does not include
unvested shares forfeited back to us pursuant to the terms of our share compensation plans.

There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report.

25

The following table presents information on our purchases of our common shares during the three months ended
December 31, 2017:
                                                                                                                             Total Number of
                                                                   Total                                              Shares Purchased as            Maximum Number
                                                               Number of                 Average                Part of Publicly             of Shares that May Yet
                                                                  Shares                   Price Paid             Announced Plans          Be Purchased Under the
                                                            Purchased (1)             per Share                 or Programs                   Plans or Programs
                                                            ____________           _________          ________________       ____________________
October 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          53,519                      $25.32                           –                                 12,500,000
November 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          34,454                      $25.39                           –                                 12,500,000
December 2017  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          53,015                      $25.75                           –                                 12,500,000
        
    Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        140,988                                                            –
        
        

        ____________                                                        _______
        ____________                                                        _______

        ____________                                                        _______

(1)   Includes an aggregate 140,988 shares repurchased other than as part of our publicly announced Board authorized
repurchase program. We repurchased these securities in connection with our share compensation plans which
allow participants to use shares to satisfy certain tax liabilities arising from the vesting of restricted shares and
the distribution of restricted share units. The total number of shares purchased does not include unvested shares
forfeited back to us pursuant to the terms of our share compensation plans.

Stockholder Return Performance Graph

Set forth below is a graph comparing the cumulative total stockholder return on our common shares against the
cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Financials Index for
the period commencing December 31, 2012 to December 31, 2017. Index data was furnished by Standard & Poor’s
Capital IQ. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on December 31, 2012 in each of our common stock, the S&P
500 Index and the S&P 500 Financials Index and that all dividends were reinvested.

Comparison of Cumulative Five Year Total Return

$250

$200

$150

$100

$50

$0

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Leucadia National Corporation              

S&P 500 Index

S&P 500 Financials

26

Item 6. Selected Financial Data.

The following selected financial data have been summarized from our consolidated financial statements. They should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report.
                                                                                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                     2017                2016                2015                2014                2013
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ________                                 ________                                ________                                ________                                 ________
                                                                                                                                        (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Corporation common shareholders  . . . . . . . . . .           167,351        125,938        279,587        204,306        369,240

SELECTED INCOME STATEMENT DATA: (a)
    Net revenues (b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $11,436,393 $10,062,617 $10,886,458 $11,486,485 $10,425,746
    Expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10,347,678     9,900,785   10,640,203   11,243,790     9,999,202
    Income (loss) related to associated companies  . . . . . . .            (74,901)       154,598        110,281        138,527        119,041
    Income from continuing operations before 
        income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        1,013,814        316,430        356,536        381,222        545,585
    Income tax provision  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           760,967        122,109        109,947        165,971        136,481
    Income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           252,847        194,321        246,589        215,251        409,104
    Income (loss) from discontinued operations, including 
        gain (loss) on disposal, net of taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              –                     –                   5,522         (16,226)        (46,911)
    Net (income) loss attributable to the redeemable 
         noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            (84,576)        (65,746)         26,543            8,616            9,282
         Net income attributable to Leucadia National 
        
    Per share:
    Basic earnings (loss) per common share attributable to 
        Leucadia National Corporation common shareholders:
        Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . .               $0.45            $0.34            $0.73            $ 0.58            $ 1.20
        Income (loss) from discontinued operations, 
        
        
        
        
        
    Diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable 
        to Leucadia National Corporation common 
        shareholders:
        Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . .               $0.45            $0.34            $0.73            $ 0.58            $ 1.20
        Income (loss) from discontinued operations, 
        
        
        
        
        

including gain (loss) on disposal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   –                    –                 0.01             (0.04)            (0.14)
            _____                _____                _____               ______               ______
Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               $0.45            $0.34            $0.74            $ 0.54            $ 1.06
            _____                _____                _____               ______               ______
            _____                _____                _____               ______               ______

including gain (loss) on disposal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   –                    –                 0.01             (0.04)            (0.13)
            _____                _____                _____               ______               ______
Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               $0.45            $0.34            $0.74            $ 0.54            $ 1.07
            _____                _____                _____               ______               ______
            _____                _____                _____               ______               ______

                                                                                                                                                           At December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                     2017                2016                2015                2014                2013
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ________                                 ________                                ________                                ________                                 ________
                                                                                                                                        (In thousands, except per share amounts)
SELECTED BALANCE SHEET DATA: (a)
    Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $47,169,108 $45,071,307 $46,331,184 $52,614,324 $47,858,780
    Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        7,885,783     7,380,443     7,400,582     8,519,584     8,172,864
    Mezzanine equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           551,593        461,809        316,633        311,686        366,075
    Shareholders’ equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10,105,957   10,128,100   10,401,211   10,302,158   10,102,462
    Book value per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             $28.37          $28.18          $28.68          $28.03          $27.71
    Cash dividends per common share  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             $0.325            $0.25            $0.25            $0.25            $0.25

(a)   Subsidiaries are reflected above as consolidated entities from the date of acquisition. Jefferies was acquired on

March 1, 2013.

(b)   Includes net realized securities gains of $23.0 million, $29.5 million, $63.0 million, $30.4 million and $244.0

million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

27

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The purpose of this section is to discuss and analyze our consolidated financial condition, liquidity and capital resources
and results of operations. This analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
related footnote disclosures contained in this report and the following “Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking
Information.”

Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking Information

Statements included in this report may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements may relate, but are not
limited, to projections of revenues, income or loss, development expenditures, plans for growth and future operations,
competition and regulation, as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. Such forward-looking statements are
made pursuant to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted or
quantified. When used in this report, the words “will,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “plans,”
“intends” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Future events and actual results could differ materially from those set forth in,
contemplated by or underlying the forward-looking statements.

Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any results projected, forecasted, estimated or budgeted
or may materially and adversely affect our actual results include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Item 1A. Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this report and in our other public filings with the SEC.

Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which are applicable only as of the date
hereof. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

Results of Operations

We focus on long-term value creation and invest in a broad variety of businesses. The mix of our business and
investments change from time to time. Our investments may be reflected in our consolidated results as consolidated
subsidiaries, equity investments, securities or in other ways, depending on the structure of our specific holdings. Further,
as our investments span a number of industries, each may be impacted by different factors. For these reasons, our pre-
tax income is not predictable or necessarily comparable from period to period.

Income from continuing operations before income taxes was $1,013.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.
This compares to $316.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase of $697.4 million reflects
improved performance across many of Leucadia’s businesses. Jefferies pre-tax income increased $484.3 million due
to record investment banking and equities revenues. National Beef’s pre-tax income grew by $78.3 million, as increased
cattle availability and strong demand for beef continued to support strong margins. Other Financial Services Businesses
and Investments pre-tax income increased by $39.2 million, as Berkadia continued its strong performance and Leucadia
Asset Management made a positive contribution, offset by an impairment charge of $130.2 million early in the year to
revalue our equity method investment in FXCM. Other Merchant Banking Businesses and Investments pre-tax income
was higher than the previous year by $193.0 million, primarily related to the gain on the sale of Conwed. Pre-tax income
of our Corporate and Other segment was lower by $97.3 million due primarily to an increase in the fair value of a
trading asset during 2016.

28

A summary of results of continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 is as follows (in thousands):

                                                                           Other              Other
                                                                        Financial       Merchant
                                                                         Services          Banking
                                                                       Businesses      Businesses                                 Parent
                                               National               and                 and             Corporate     Company
                       Jefferies             Beef            Investments   Investments      and Other       Interest           Total
                                           _________________              _________________               ____________________       ____________________            __________________          _________________          _________________
Net revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $3,207,097   $7,358,948      $191,810      $615,691       $ 62,847     $    –       $11,436,393
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                  _______________             ________________          _____________________
Expenses:

Cost of sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –             6,764,055              –             280,952               –                  –           7,045,007
Compensation and benefits . .      1,830,469          39,884          41,484          17,024          64,915             –            1,993,776
Floor brokerage and 

clearing fees . . . . . . . . . . . .         174,506            –                     –                    –                    –                  –               174,506
Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                   6,657          38,517            3,742               –             58,943          107,859
Depreciation and 

amortization . . . . . . . . . . . .           62,668          98,515            9,484          33,065            5,178              –              208,910

Selling, general and other 

expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         611,650          42,525          54,984          38,096          70,365              –              817,620
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                  _______________             ________________          _____________________
Total expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . .      2,679,293     6,951,636        144,469        372,879        140,458         58,943     10,347,678
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                  _______________             ________________          _____________________

Income (loss) from continuing 

operations before income 
taxes and income (loss) related 
to associated companies . . . . .         527,804        407,312          47,341        242,812         (77,611)      (58,943)      1,088,715

Income (loss) related to 

associated companies . . . . . . .             –                   –                (81,490)           7,904           (1,315)             –              (74,901)
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                  _______________             ________________          _____________________

Income (loss) from continuing 

operations before income 
taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $ 527,804   $ 407,312     $ (34,149)     $250,716       $(78,926)    $(58,943)  $  1,013,814
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                  _______________             ________________          _____________________
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                  _______________             ________________          _____________________

A summary of results of continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 is as follows (in thousands):

                                                                            Other               Other
                                                                         Financial         Merchant
                                                                         Services          Banking
                                                                       Businesses      Businesses                                  Parent
                                               National                and                  and              Corporate       Company
                        Jefferies              Beef             Investments     Investments        and Other         Interest            Total
                                           _________________              _________________               ____________________       ____________________            __________________          _________________          _________________
–       $10,062,617
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                    ______________             ________________          _____________________

Net revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $2,421,055   $7,027,243     $ (46,028)     $571,757        $88,590     $
Expenses:

Cost of sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –             6,513,768               –             337,039               –                  –           6,850,807
Compensation and benefits . .      1,568,824          39,271          53,569          30,923          37,998             –           1,730,585
Floor brokerage and 

clearing fees . . . . . . . . . . . .         167,205            –                     –                    –                    –                  –              167,205
Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                 12,946          33,771            3,105               –             58,881          108,703
Depreciation and 

amortization . . . . . . . . . . . .           60,206          94,482          13,697          39,589            3,619              –              211,593

Selling, general and other 

expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         581,312          37,754          50,782        129,808          32,236              –              831,892
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                    ______________             ________________          _____________________
Total expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . .      2,377,547     6,698,221        151,819        540,464          73,853         58,881       9,900,785
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                    ______________             ________________          _____________________

Income (loss) from continuing 

operations before income 
taxes and income related to 
associated companies . . . . . . .           43,508        329,022       (197,847)         31,293          14,737       (58,881)         161,832

Income related to associated 

companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                   –               124,508          26,441            3,649              –              154,598
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                    ______________             ________________          _____________________

Income (loss) from continuing 

operations before income 
taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $ 

316,430
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                    ______________             ________________          _____________________
                                                                                                             ___________________         ___________________             __________________                ________________                    ______________             ________________          _____________________

43,508   $ 329,022     $  (73,339)     $  57,734        $18,386     $(58,881)  $

29

A summary of results of continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows (in thousands):

                                                        Other              Other
                                                     Financial        Merchant
                                                     Services          Banking
                                                   Businesses      Businesses                               Parent            Inter-
                               National             and                  and            Corporate       Company       company
         Jefferies            Beef         Investments    Investments     and Other        Interest      Eliminations          Total
             _________________          _________________        ____________________      ____________________       __________________         _________________      ____________________            _________________
Net revenues. . . . . . . . . .  $2,476,133  $7,402,419    $524,053      $426,731     $  78,122      $    –         $(21,000)    $10,886,458
          ___________________       ___________________          ________________              ________________             ________________               _______________           _______________             ______________________
Expenses:

Cost of sales . . . . . . . .            –          7,347,874            –             329,359              –                  –                –               7,677,233
Compensation and 

benefits . . . . . . . . . .    1,467,752         34,781        35,054          24,657       103,221              –                –               1,665,465

Floor brokerage and 

clearing fees . . . . . .       199,780            –                 –                   –                   –                  –                –                  199,780
Interest . . . . . . . . . . . .            –               16,633          9,404            2,586              –              87,181           –                  115,804
Depreciation and 

amortization . . . . . .         92,165         89,317          8,176          30,731           3,744              –                –                  224,133

Selling, general and 

other expenses. . . . .       597,271         37,729        48,279          79,421         16,088              –           (21,000)           757,788
          ___________________       ___________________          ________________              ________________             ________________               _______________           _______________             ______________________
Total expenses . . . . . .    2,356,968    7,526,334      100,913        466,754       123,053         87,181      (21,000)      10,640,203
          ___________________       ___________________          ________________              ________________             ________________               _______________           _______________             ______________________

Income (loss) from 

continuing operations 
before income taxes 
and income related to 
associated companies. .       119,165      (123,915)     423,140        (40,023)      (44,931)       (87,181)          –                  246,255

Income related to 

associated companies. .            –                  –              81,688          27,957              636              –                –                  110,281
          ___________________       ___________________          ________________              ________________             ________________               _______________           _______________             ______________________

Income (loss) from 

continuing operations 
before income taxes . .  $ 119,165  $ (123,915)   $504,828     $ (12,066)   $ (44,295)     $(87,181)   $  –           $

356,536
          ___________________       ___________________          ________________              ________________             ________________               _______________           _______________             ______________________
          ___________________       ___________________          ________________              ________________             ________________               _______________           _______________             ______________________

Jefferies

Jefferies was acquired on March 1, 2013 and is reflected in our consolidated financial statements utilizing a one month
lag; Jefferies fiscal year ends on November 30th and its fiscal quarters end one month prior to our reporting periods. A
summary of results of operations for Jefferies included in the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as
follows (in thousands):

2017
____

2016
____

2015
____

       Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $3,207,097           $2,421,055           $2,476,133
                                                                                                   _________________             _________________            _________________
       Expenses:
           Compensation and benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        1,830,469             1,568,824             1,467,752
           Floor brokerage and clearing fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           174,506                167,205                199,780
           Depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             62,668                  60,206                  92,165
           Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . .           611,650                581,312                597,271
                                                                                                   _________________             _________________            _________________
                Total expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        2,679,293             2,377,547             2,356,968
                                                                                                   _________________             _________________            _________________
                Income before income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $ 527,804           $ 
43,508           $ 119,165
                                                                                                   _________________             _________________            _________________
                                                                                                   _________________             _________________            _________________

Jefferies comprises many business units, with many interactions and much integration among them. Business activities
include the sales, trading, origination and advisory effort for various equity, fixed income, commodities, foreign
exchange and advisory services. Jefferies business, by its nature, does not produce predictable or necessarily recurring
revenues or earnings. Jefferies results in any given period can be materially affected by conditions in global financial
markets, economic conditions generally, and its own activities and positions.

30

On April 9, 2015, Jefferies entered into an agreement to transfer certain of the client activities of its Jefferies Bache
business to Société Générale S.A. During the second quarter of 2016, Jefferies completed the exit of the Futures
business. Net revenues globally from this business activity, which are included within Jefferies fixed income results,
and expenses directly related to the Bache business, which are included within non-interest expenses, were $80.2
million and $214.8 million, respectively, in 2015. There were no meaningful revenues or expenses from the Bache
business for 2016. Total expenses for 2015 include costs of $73.1 million, on a pre-tax basis, related to the exit of the
Bache business. These costs consist primarily of severance, retention and benefit payments for employees, incremental
amortization of outstanding restricted stock and cash awards, contract termination costs and incremental amortization
expense of capitalized software expected to no longer be used subsequent to the wind-down of the business. For further
information, refer to Note 30 in our consolidated financial statements.

The discussion below is presented on a detailed product and expense basis. Net revenues presented for equity and fixed
income businesses include allocations of interest income and interest expense as Jefferies assesses the profitability of
these businesses inclusive of the net interest revenue or expense associated with the respective sales and trading activities,
which is a function of the mix of each business’s associated assets and liabilities and the related funding costs.

The following provides a summary of net revenues by source included in the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015 (in thousands):

2017
____

2016
____

2015
____

       Equities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $ 804,635           $ 553,169           $ 757,764
       Fixed income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           621,738                642,982                271,947
                                                                                                   ________________             _________________            _________________
           Total sales and trading  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        1,426,373             1,196,151             1,029,711
                                                                                                   ________________             _________________            _________________
       Investment banking:
           Capital markets:
                Equities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           344,973                235,207                408,474
                Debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           649,220                304,576                397,979
           Advisory  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           770,092                654,190                632,354
                                                                                                   ________________             _________________            _________________
                Total investment banking  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        1,764,285             1,193,973             1,438,807
                                                                                                   ________________             _________________            _________________
           Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             16,439                  30,931                    7,615
                                                                                                   ________________             _________________            _________________
                Total net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $3,207,097           $2,421,055           $2,476,133
                                                                                                   ________________             _________________            _________________
                                                                                                   ________________             _________________            _________________

Net Revenues

Net revenues for 2017 were an annual record and reflect record investment banking revenues and record equities net
revenues, partially offset by lower fixed income net revenues. The record investment banking revenues reflect record
debt capital markets revenues, record advisory revenues and significantly higher equity capital markets revenues, as a
result of higher transaction volumes and values throughout 2017, driven in part by Jefferies effort to continue to expand
its investment banking team through promotions and new hires. The increase in equities revenues was primarily
attributable to a net gain of $117.3 million recognized during 2017 from Jefferies investment in two equity positions,
including KCG Holdings, Inc. (“KCG”), compared with a net loss of $17.9 million during 2016 from these two equity
positions. KCG was sold for $20.00 per share in cash on July 20, 2017. The increase in equities net revenues was also
due to net revenues of $90.8 million from Jefferies share of its Jefferies Finance, LLC (“Jefferies Finance”) joint venture
during 2017, compared with a net loss of $9.3 million during 2016. The decrease in fixed income net revenues is
primarily due to lower volumes and volatility, which negatively impacted Jefferies client flow oriented fixed income
businesses in the last nine months of 2017. Net revenues for 2017 included investment losses from managed funds of
$4.0 million, compared with investment income from managed funds of $4.7 million during 2016.

Net revenues for 2016 were impacted by an extremely volatile bear market environment during the first three months
of the year, with meaningful improvement over the rest of the year. Net revenues for the first quarter of 2016 declined
$292.7 million or 49.5% in comparison to the first quarter of 2015. The decrease in total net revenues for 2016 primarily
reflects lower net revenues in investment banking and equities, partially offset by increased revenues in fixed income.
Net revenues for 2016 included investment income from managed funds of $4.7 million, compared with investment

31

losses from managed funds of $23.8 million in 2015, primarily due to lower valuations in the energy and shipping
sectors in 2015.

Net revenues for 2015 reflect the impact of challenging market conditions throughout the year on Jefferies fixed income
business, partially offset by increased revenues in Jefferies equities business. Almost all of Jefferies fixed income credit
businesses were impacted by lower levels of liquidity due to the expectations of interest rate increases by the Federal
Reserve and deterioration in the global energy and distressed markets.

Equities Net Revenues

Equities net revenues include equity commissions, equity security principal trading and investments (including Jefferies
investments in KCG and from time to time, other blocks of equity securities) and net interest revenue generated by its
equities sales and trading, prime services and wealth management business relating to cash equities, electronic trading,
equity derivatives, convertible securities, prime brokerage, securities finance and alternative investment strategies.
KCG was sold on July 20, 2017. Jefferies recognized a $93.4 million gain from its holdings of KCG in 2017 and an
aggregate gain of $347.7 million over the five year life of this investment. Equities net revenues also include Jefferies
share of the net earnings of its joint venture investments in Jefferies Finance and Jefferies LoanCore, LLC (“Jefferies
LoanCore”), which are accounted for under the equity method. On October 31, 2017, Jefferies sold all of its membership
interests in Jefferies LoanCore for approximately $173.1 million, the estimated book value at October 31, 2017. In
addition, Jefferies may be entitled to additional cash consideration over the next five years in the event Jefferies
LoanCore’s yearly return on equity exceeds certain thresholds.

Equities net revenues were $804.6 million for 2017 compared with $553.2 million in 2016. Equities revenue for 2017
include a net gain of $117.3 million from Jefferies investment in two equity positions, including KCG, compared with
a net loss of $17.9 million in 2016 from these two equity positions.

Equities net revenues related to the core equities businesses during 2017 increased with higher revenues in Jefferies
electronic trading, prime services, and Asia Pacific cash equities businesses primarily due to increased customer activity
and increased trading volumes. The increase was partially offset by lower revenues in its equity options and Europe
cash equities businesses, primarily due to reduced market making activities and lower equity volatility. In addition,
2016 included certain strategic investment gains from exposures to energy, volatility, financial and currency markets.

Equities commission revenues declined in Jefferies equity derivative and U.S. cash equities businesses due to reduced
trading volumes and lower levels of volatility, partially offset by higher revenues in its electronic trading and Asia
Pacific cash equities businesses due to increased trading volumes.

Equities net revenues during 2017 include net revenues of $90.8 million from Jefferies share of Jefferies Finance,
primarily due to an increase in loan syndication activity, compared with a net loss of $9.3 million in the prior year,
primarily due to the mark down of certain loans held for sale. Net revenues from Jefferies share of Jefferies LoanCore
increased slightly during 2017 as compared to 2016 due to an increase in loan closings and syndications. On October 31,
2017, Jefferies sold all of its membership interests in Jefferies LoanCore for approximately $173.1 million, the
estimated book value at October 31, 2017.

Total equities net revenues were $553.2 million for 2016 compared with $757.8 million in 2015. Results for 2016
includes a net loss of $17.9 million from Jefferies investment in two equity positions, including KCG, as compared to
gains of $49.1 million in 2015 from these two equity positions. In addition, equities net revenues for 2015 included
significant gains on additional securities positions, which were not repeated during 2016. Equities commission revenues
gained slightly with improved market share across various product and client segments. Commissions in Jefferies U.S.
cash equities and equity derivatives businesses held firm, while global electronic trading commissions gained from
increased volumes and client market share. In Jefferies global electronic trading business, Jefferies has market leading
customized algorithms in over 40 countries. European equities commissions increased due to improved market share,
while  commissions  in  Jefferies  Asia  Pacific  cash  equities  business  declined  because  of  a  challenging  market
environment. Jefferies global cash businesses were among the highest market share gainers compared with Jefferies
peers and, in the U.S. and U.K., Jefferies platform remains in the top 10.

32

Equities trading revenues were solid across most of Jefferies equities sales and trading businesses in 2016. Trading
revenues  from  client  market  making  improved  in  Jefferies  U.S.  and  European  cash  equities  businesses.  Equity
derivatives trading revenues declined due to a difficult volatility trading climate and convertibles trading revenues
declined driven by weakness in the energy sector during 2016. In addition, certain strategic investments gained from
exposures to energy, volatility, financial and currency markets.

Equities net revenues during 2016 included a net loss of $9.3 million from Jefferies share of Jefferies Finance, primarily
due to the mark down of certain loans held for sale during the first part of 2016, compared with net revenues of $41.4
million in 2015. Net revenues from Jefferies share of Jefferies LoanCore also decreased during 2016 as compared to
2015 due to a decrease in loan closings and syndications.

Fixed Income Net Revenues

Fixed income net revenues include commissions, principal transactions and net interest revenue generated by Jefferies
fixed income sales and trading businesses from investment grade corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed
securities, government and agency securities, high yield and distressed securities, bank loans, municipal bonds,
emerging markets debt, foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives.

Fixed income net revenues for 2017 decreased $21.2 million as compared to 2016, primarily due to a more challenging
trading environment across most products, including most credit and rates businesses. In 2017, volatility was dampened
as quantitative easing continued across most markets Jefferies transacts in. This was partially offset by better risk
management, addition of staff in certain businesses, and refreshed strategies in some businesses.

Net revenues in Jefferies leveraged credit business in 2017 were higher due to increased trading activities in high yield
and distressed products as a result of additions to staff and repositioned risk. This was compared to relatively significant
mark-to-market losses recognized in the early part of 2016. Higher revenues in its European credit and international
securitized markets group businesses were due to repositioned strategies taking advantage of trading opportunities in
certain industry sectors. This is compared to volatile oil prices and uncertainty as to bank liquidity in 2016, which
negatively impacted revenues in this business in the prior year.

Jefferies municipal securities business performed extremely well for the greater part of the year, driven by increased
client activity as new team members were added and market share expanded. Performance for the municipal securities
business was partially dampened at the end of the 2017 fiscal year as the municipal bond market dislocated over
concerns around the potential impacts of pending U.S. tax reform on both municipal bond issuers and investors.

Revenues in Jefferies corporates and emerging markets business declined in a maturing credit cycle as volatility and
transaction spreads decreased from prior year levels, while demand for new issuances and higher yielding investments
and higher levels of volatility were prevalent in 2016. Lower revenues in its global rates and U.S. securitized markets
group business were due to lower levels of volatility resulting in lower transaction based revenues. In the U.S. securitized
markets businesses this was partially offset by increased activity in origination businesses including collateralized loan
obligations (“CLOs”).

Jefferies recorded higher revenues in 2016 as compared with 2015 due to improved trading conditions across most
core businesses, partially offset by lower revenues in its international rates business due to lower trading volumes. 2015
included $80.2 million of net revenues globally from the Bache business activity. There were no meaningful revenues
from the Bache business during 2016, as Jefferies completed the exit of the Bache business during the second quarter
of 2016. Excluding revenues from the Bache business activity, revenues increased $451.2 million.

Revenues in Jefferies leveraged credit business were strong on increased trading volumes within high yield and distressed
products, as a result of an improved credit environment, as well as strategic growth in the business, compared with mark-
to-market write-downs in 2015. Results in Jefferies emerging markets business during 2016 were higher as compared
to 2015 due to an upgraded sales and trading team and increased levels of volatility and improved market conditions.
Revenues in 2016 from Jefferies corporates businesses increased as compared to 2015 due to increased client activity
and higher demand for new issuances and higher yielding investments. Jefferies securitized markets businesses were
positively impacted by increased demand for spread products compared with the negative impact of market volatility as

33

credit spreads tightened for these asset classes and expectations of future rate increases in 2015. The municipal securities
business performed well during 2016 as improved trading activity was driven by market technicals compared with net
outflows in 2015. Volatility during 2016 due to fluctuating expectations as to future Federal Reserve interest rate increases
contributed to increased revenues in Jefferies U.S. rates business as compared to the prior year.

Investment Banking Revenues

Jefferies provides a full range of capital markets and financial advisory services to its clients across most industry
sectors in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Capital markets revenues include underwriting and placement revenues
related to corporate debt, municipal bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities and equity and equity-linked
securities. Advisory revenues consist primarily of advisory and transaction fees generated in connection with merger,
acquisition and restructuring transactions.

Total investment banking revenues were $1,764.3 million for 2017, 47.8% higher than 2016. This increase was due to
strong performance across Jefferies debt capital markets, equity capital markets and advisory businesses, supported
by a strong overall capital raising and merger and acquisition environment. In 2016, new issue equity and leveraged
finance capital markets were virtually closed throughout January and February and remained slow throughout 2016.
Capital markets revenues for 2017 increased 84.2% from 2016. Advisory revenues for 2017 increased 17.7% compared
to the prior year.

From equity and debt capital raising activities, Jefferies generated $345.0 million and $649.2 million in revenues,
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2017. During 2017, Jefferies completed 1,121 public and private debt
financings that raised $292.1 billion in aggregate and Jefferies completed 173 public and private equity and convertible
offerings that raised $59.7 billion (164 of which Jefferies acted as sole or joint bookrunner). Financial advisory revenues
totaled $770.1 million, including revenues from 171 merger and acquisition transactions and 10 restructuring and
recapitalization transactions with an aggregate transaction value of $180.6 billion.

Total investment banking revenues were $1,194.0 million for 2016, 17.0% lower than 2015. Lower investment banking
results were attributable to lower new issue equity and leveraged finance capital markets revenues. This was primarily
as a result of the capital markets slowdown, which began in the second half of 2015 and continued for much of 2016.
From equity and debt capital raising activities, Jefferies generated $235.2 million and $304.6 million in revenues,
respectively, for 2016, a decrease of 42.4% and 23.5%, respectively, from 2015.

Jefferies reduced capital markets activity for 2016 was partially offset by increased advisory revenues. Specifically,
Jefferies advisory revenues for 2016 increased 3.5% compared to 2015, primarily through an increase in the number
of merger, acquisition and restructuring transactions, including closing a record number of merger and acquisition
transactions in excess of $1 billion. Jefferies investment banking results benefited both from a record fourth quarter of
advisory fees in 2016, with Jefferies merger, acquisition and restructuring and recapitalization businesses showing
continued momentum, and from improvement in capital markets activity, which began in the late summer of 2016,
leading to an increase in new issue transaction volume.

During 2016, Jefferies completed 892 public and private debt financings that raised $188.6 billion in aggregate and
Jefferies completed 129 public and private equity and convertible offerings that raised $24.4 billion (125 of which
Jefferies acted as sole or joint bookrunner). Financial advisory revenues totaled $654.2 million, including revenues
from 161 merger and acquisition transactions and 18 restructuring and recapitalization transactions with an aggregate
transaction value of $135.2 billion.

During 2015, Jefferies generated $1,438.8 million in investment banking revenues. From equity and debt capital raising
activities, Jefferies generated $408.5 million and $398.0 million in revenues, respectively, in 2015. Advisory revenues
of $632.4 million for 2015 were primarily due to higher transaction volume. During 2015, Jefferies completed 1,003
public and private debt financings that raised $199.8 billion in aggregate and Jefferies completed 203 public and private
equity and convertible offerings that raised $56.6 billion (183 of which Jefferies acted as sole or joint bookrunner).
Financial advisory revenues totaled $632.4 million, including revenues from 158 merger and acquisition transactions
and 13 restructuring and recapitalization transactions with an aggregate transaction value of $141.1 billion.

34

Compensation and Benefits

Compensation  and  benefits  expense  consists  of  salaries,  benefits,  cash  bonuses,  commissions,  annual  cash
compensation awards, and the amortization of certain non-annual share-based and cash compensation awards to
employees. Cash and historical share-based awards and a portion of cash awards granted to employees as part of year
end compensation generally contain provisions such that employees who terminate their employment or are terminated
without cause may continue to vest in their awards, so long as those awards are not forfeited as a result of other forfeiture
provisions (primarily non-compete clauses) of those awards. Accordingly, the compensation expense for a portion of
awards granted at year end as part of annual compensation is recorded in the year of the award.

Included in Compensation and benefits expense is share-based amortization expense for senior executive awards granted
in  September  2012,  February  2016  and  January  2017,  non-annual  share-based  and  cash-based  awards  to  other
employees and certain year end awards that contain future service requirements for vesting, all of which are being
amortized over their respective future service periods. In addition, the senior executive awards contain market and
performance conditions. Compensation expense related to the amortization of share-based and cash-based awards
amounted to $278.2 million, $287.3 million and $307.7 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Compensation
and benefits as a percentage of Net revenues was 57.1%, 64.8% and 59.3% for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Compensation and benefits expense directly related to Jefferies Bache business was $87.7 million for 2015 and was
not meaningful for 2016. Included within Compensation and benefits expense for the Bache business for 2015 are
severance, retention and related benefits costs of $38.2 million, incurred as part of decisions surrounding the exit of
this business.

Non-Compensation Expenses

Non-compensation expenses include floor brokerage and clearing fees, technology and communications expense,
occupancy and equipment rental expense, business development, professional services, bad debt provision, impairment
charges, depreciation and amortization expense and other costs. All of these expenses, other than floor brokerage and
clearing fees and depreciation and amortization expense, are included in Selling, general and other expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations.

In 2017, non-compensation expenses increased 5.0% compared to 2016. The increase in non-compensation expenses
during 2017 was consistent with the increased activity associated with higher net revenues, as well as increased spending
on technology. At the same time, non-compensation expenses as a percentage of Net revenues declined from 33.4% to
26.5% again demonstrating strategically the operating leverage inherent in Jefferies business. The increase in non-
compensation expenses was primarily due to an increase in Floor brokerage and clearing expenses due to the mix of
costs across certain equities and fixed income businesses, technology and communications expenses due to costs
associated with the development of the various trading systems and projects associated with corporate support and
core business infrastructures, and an increase in certain other expenses.

In 2016, non-compensation expenses decreased 9.1% compared to 2015. The decrease in 2016 was due to the exiting
of the Bache business, which in 2015 generated $127.2 million of non-compensation expenses, including accelerated
amortization expense of $19.7 million related to capitalized software, $11.2 million in contract termination costs and
professional services costs of approximately $2.5 million in connection with Jefferies actions in exiting the Bache
business. There were no meaningful non-compensation expenses related to the Bache business in 2016. This reduction
in 2016 was partially offset by higher technology and communications expenses, excluding the Bache business, and
higher professional services expenses, excluding the Bache business. Technology and communications expenses,
excluding the Bache business, increased due to higher costs associated with the development of the various trading
systems and projects associated with corporate support infrastructure. In both years, Jefferies continued to incur legal
and consulting fees as part of implementing various regulatory requirements. During 2015, Jefferies also released
$4.4 million in reserves related to the resolution of bankruptcy claims against Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.

35

National Beef

A summary of results of operations for National Beef for the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 is as
follows (in thousands):

2017
_____

2016
_____

2015
_____

       Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $7,358,948    $7,027,243      $7,402,419
            
        _________________     _________________                _________________
       Expenses:
           Cost of sales  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           6,764,055      6,513,768        7,347,874
           Compensation and benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                39,884           39,271             34,781
           Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  6,657           12,946             16,633
           Depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                98,515           94,482             89,317
           Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                42,525           37,754             37,729
            
        _________________     _________________                _________________
                Total expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           6,951,636      6,698,221        7,526,334
            
        _________________     _________________                _________________
                Income (loss) before income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $ 407,312    $ 329,022      $  (123,915)
        _________________     _________________                _________________
            
            
        _________________     _________________                _________________

National Beef’s profitability is dependent, in large part, on the spread between its cost for live cattle, the primary raw
material for its business, and the value received from selling boxed beef and other products coupled with its overall
volume. National Beef operates in a large and liquid commodity market and it does not have much influence over the
price it pays for cattle or the selling price it receives for the products it produces. National Beef’s profitability typically
fluctuates seasonally with relatively higher margins in the spring and summer months and during times of ample cattle
availability. National Beef’s fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the last Saturday in December. National
Beef’s fiscal years 2017 and 2015 consisted of 52 weeks each and its fiscal 2016 consisted of 53 weeks.

Revenues in 2017 increased 5% in comparison to 2016, primarily due to an increase in the number of cattle processed.
Cost of sales increased by 4% in 2017 as compared to 2016. The increase is also due to an increase in the number of
cattle processed. The combined effects of increased margin per head and an increase in volume led to higher profitability
in 2017 as compared to 2016.

Revenues in 2016 decreased about 5% in comparison to 2015, due to lower average selling prices for beef and beef by-
products, partially offset by an increase in the number of cattle processed. Additionally, during 2015, decreases to
revenues of $52.9 million were recorded as a result of National Beef’s use of derivatives in its hedging activity. For
2016, cost of sales declined 11% as compared to 2015, due to a decrease in the price of fed cattle, partially offset by
an increase in volume. For 2016, the combined effects of increased margin per head and an increase in volume led to
higher profitability as compared to 2015.

Lower average debt balances in 2017 and 2016 led to a 49% decline in interest expense in 2017 as compared to 2016
and a 22% decline in interest expense in 2016 as compared to 2015.

36

Corporate and Other Results

A summary of results of operations for corporate and other for the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017
is as follows (in thousands):

2017
_____

2016
_____

2015
_____

       Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $  62,847         $88,590         $  78,122
            
           ______________          ____________                       ______________
       Expenses:
           Compensation and benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                61,958           35,009             52,385
           WilTel pension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  2,957             2,989             50,836
           Depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  5,178             3,619               3,744
           Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                70,365           32,236             16,088
            
           ______________          ____________                       ______________
                Total expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              140,458           73,853           123,053
            
           ______________          ____________                       ______________
                Income (loss) before income taxes and income (loss) 
related to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              (77,611)          14,737            (44,931)
                
       Income (loss) related to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . .                (1,315)            3,649                  636
            
           ______________          ____________                       ______________
                Income (loss) from continuing operations before 
                
            
            

income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $ (78,926)        $18,386         $ (44,295)
           ______________          ____________                       ______________
           ______________          ____________                       ______________

Net revenues of corporate and other primarily include realized and unrealized securities gains and interest income for
investments held at the holding company. Net revenues for 2017 and 2016, respectively, include a $6.1 million and
$65.6 million increase in a trading asset which is held at fair value. Net revenues for 2017 also include a $19.7 million
realized security gain from an investment in a non-public security. Net revenues for 2015 include a realized security
gain related to a recovery of $35.0 million of an investment in a non-public security that was sold and had been written
off in prior years.

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, corporate compensation and benefits includes incentive bonus
expense of $10.1 million, $7.6 million and $17.4 million, respectively. Share-based compensation expense was $20.9
million, $9.7 million and $14.6 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Compensation and benefits also increased
in 2017 compared to 2016 as a result of the growth of our other investments.

Pursuant to the agreement to sell one of our former subsidiaries, WilTel Communications Group, LLC, the responsibility
for WilTel’s defined benefit pension plan was retained by us. WilTel pension expense in 2015 includes a non-cash
pension settlement charge of $40.7 million related to a voluntary lump sum offer to participants of the legacy plan.
See Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.

Selling, general and other expenses for 2017 reflects the write-down of a note receivable of $20.0 million related to the
prior sale of a subsidiary. Selling, general and other expenses also increased in 2017 compared to 2016 as a result of
the growth of our other investments. Selling, general and other expenses for 2015 reflects the recovery of $20.1 million
in insurance payments in respect of previously expensed legal fees.

37

Other Financial Services Businesses and Investments

A summary of results of operations for other financial services businesses and investments for the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2017 is as follows (in thousands):

2017
_____

2016
_____

2015
_____

       Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $191,810      $  (46,028)        $524,053
            
           ______________       ________________                         ______________
       Expenses:
           Compensation and benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                41,484           53,569             35,054
           Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                38,517           33,771               9,404
           Depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  9,484           13,697               8,176
           Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                54,984           50,782             48,279
            
           ______________       ________________                         ______________
                Total expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              144,469         151,819           100,913
            
           ______________       ________________                         ______________
                Income (loss) before income taxes and income (loss) 
related to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                47,341        (197,847)          423,140
                
       Income (loss) related to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . .              (81,490)        124,508             81,688
            
           ______________       ________________                         ______________
                Income (loss) from continuing operations before 
                
            
            

income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $ (34,149)     $  (73,339)        $504,828
           ______________       ________________                         ______________
           ______________       ________________                         ______________

Our other financial services businesses and investments include the consolidated results of Leucadia Asset Management
fund managers, the returns on our investments in these funds, the consolidated results of Foursight Capital and Chrome
Capital (vehicle finance), our share of the income of Berkadia, the results of our investment in FXCM and our share
of the income of HomeFed.

Excluding the FXCM revenues discussed below, the net revenues in other financial services businesses and investments
reflect revenues of $168.7 million, $8.6 million and $32.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The year-over-year increase in 2017 revenues as compared to 2016 primarily reflects greater returns
on investments related to the Leucadia Asset Management businesses and at our 54 Madison real estate fund. The year-
over-year decrease in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily reflects losses on investments recorded at market value related
to the Leucadia Asset Management businesses partially offset by growth in our vehicle finance businesses and at our
54 Madison real estate fund.

All expense categories were impacted by the growth of our Leucadia Asset Management businesses and vehicle finance
businesses in 2017 and 2016 as compared to the prior years. Selling, general and other expenses for 2015 also include
$21.0 million of investment banking and advisory fees paid to Jefferies in connection with our entering into the
agreement with FXCM, and which Jefferies recognized in net revenues. These intercompany fees have been eliminated
in our consolidated results. Income (losses) from continuing operations before income taxes related to our Leucadia
Asset Management businesses totaled $27.0 million, $(109.9) million and $(32.6) million for 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Income (losses) from continuing operations before income taxes at our Leucadia Asset Management
businesses primarily reflect the continued build out of the businesses, as well as returns on investments recorded at
market value.

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, income related to associated companies attributable to Berkadia
was $93.8 million, $94.2 million and $78.1 million, respectively. Berkadia’s results were impacted by reversals of
mortgage service rights impairments of $35.9 million in 2016, and investment gains of $15.4 million in 2015, of which
we then recorded our applicable share. As our share of profits from Berkadia are primarily taxed at the Leucadia level,
the income discussed above is pre-tax. Income related to associated companies attributable to HomeFed was $7.7
million, $23.9 million and $3.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
increase in 2016 primarily reflects a reversal of HomeFed’s deferred tax valuation allowance in 2016 as HomeFed
concluded that it was more likely than not that they would have future taxable income sufficient to realize their net
deferred tax asset.

As more fully discussed in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements, on September 1, 2016, we amended the
terms of our loan and associated rights. Among other changes, the amendments gave Leucadia a 50% voting interest
in FXCM and we gained the ability to significantly influence FXCM through our seats on the board. As a result of the

38

amendment, we have accounted for our equity interest in FXCM under the equity method of accounting since September
1, 2016. Net revenues include gains (losses) of $23.2 million during 2017 from our FXCM term loan and $(54.6)
million and $491.3 million, respectively, during 2016 and 2015 from our FXCM term loan and related rights. This
includes the component related to interest income, which is recorded within Principal transactions revenues. We also
recorded income (losses), before impairment charges, related to our equity method investment in FXCM of $(47.4)
million and $1.9 million during 2017 and 2016, respectively.

During February 2017, Global Brokerage Holdings and FXCM’s U.S. subsidiary, FXCM U.S. settled complaints filed
by the NFA and the CFTC against FXCM U.S. and certain of its principals relating to matters that occurred between
2010 and 2014. As part of the settlements, FXCM U.S. withdrew from business and sold FXCM U.S.’s customer
accounts. FXCM also implemented a restructuring plan that included the termination of approximately 22% of its
global workforce.

Based on the above February 2017 actions, we evaluated in the first quarter of 2017 whether our equity method
investment was fully recoverable. We engaged an independent valuation firm to assist management in estimating the
fair value of FXCM. Our estimate of fair value was based on a discounted cash flow and comparable public company
analysis. The result of our analysis indicated that the estimated fair value of our equity interest in FXCM was lower
than our carrying value by $130.2 million. We concluded based on the above regulatory actions, FXCM’s restructuring
plan, investor perception and declines in the trading price of Global Brokerage, Inc.’s (“Global Brokerage”) common
shares and convertible debt, that the decline in fair value of our equity interest was other than temporary. As such, we
impaired our equity investment in FXCM in the first quarter of 2017 by $130.2 million.

Other Merchant Banking Businesses and Investments

A summary of results for other merchant banking businesses and investments for the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2017 is as follows (in thousands):

2017
_____

2016
_____

2015
_____

       Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $615,691       $571,757         $426,731
            
           ______________        _______________                       _______________
       Expenses:
           Cost of sales  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              280,952         337,039           329,359
           Compensation and benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                17,024           30,923             24,657
           Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  3,742             3,105               2,586
           Depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                33,065           39,589             30,731
           Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                38,096         129,808             79,421
            
           ______________        _______________                       _______________
                Total expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              372,879         540,464           466,754
            
           ______________        _______________                       _______________
                Income (loss) before income taxes and income related 
to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              242,812           31,293            (40,023)
                
       Income related to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  7,904           26,441             27,957
            
           ______________        _______________                       _______________
                Income (loss) from continuing operations before 
                
            
            

income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $250,716       $  57,734         $ (12,066)
           ______________        _______________                       _______________
           ______________        _______________                       _______________

Our other merchant banking operations include our ownership of HRG shares, which is accounted for at fair value and
impacts our results through its mark-to-market adjustments reflected in net revenues, and the consolidated results of
Vitesse  and  JETX  (oil  and  gas  production  and  development)  and  Conwed  and  Idaho  Timber  (manufacturing
companies). It also includes our equity investments in Garcadia (automobile dealerships), Linkem (fixed wireless
broadband services in Italy) and Golden Queen (a gold and silver mining project).

Net revenues include principal transactions related to unrealized gains (losses) of $64.8 million, $93.2 million and
$(28.0) million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, from the change in value of our
investment in HRG. We classify HRG as a trading asset for which the fair value option was elected and we reflect
mark-to-market adjustments through Principal transactions revenues.

39

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, net revenues for manufacturing were $504.5 million (including
the gain on the sale of Conwed of $178.2 million, net of working capital adjustments), $415.8 million and $392.1
million, respectively.

Net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 for our oil and gas production and development
businesses were $45.2 million, $53.5 million and $54.1 million, respectively. As discussed further in Note 4 to our
consolidated financial statements, Vitesse uses swaps and call and put options in order to reduce exposure to future oil
price fluctuations. Net unrealized gains (losses) of $1.8 million, $(11.8) million and $7.4 million were recorded related
to these derivatives in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. JETX revenues during 2017 and 2016 were impacted by
$(20.1) million and $9.6 million, respectively, of unrealized gains (losses) on a trading asset which is held at fair value.

The decrease in cost of sales for 2017 as compared to 2016 is primarily due to the sale of Conwed in the first quarter
of 2017.

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, Selling, general and other expenses for manufacturing were
$2.8 million, $9.2 million and $8.6 million, respectively. Selling, general and other expenses for our oil and gas
production and development businesses were $35.3 million, $109.1 million and $49.8 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Total selling, general and other expenses decreased $91.7 million in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily
reflecting lower costs for our oil and gas production and development businesses and the sale of Conwed in early 2017.
Selling, general and other expenses for our oil and gas production and development businesses include impairment
charges of $10.1 million, $63.8 million and $20.3 million recorded by JETX in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The 2017 impairment charge related to the write-off of the remaining Houston County acreage due to the decision
made in 2017 to focus on JETX’s other higher returning acreage. The 2016 impairment charge primarily related to
decisions made by JETX in the third quarter to curtail development of both its southern acreage in the East Eagle Ford
and its Houston County acreage. A $55.0 million impairment charge was then recorded for the difference between the
carrying value of that acreage and the estimated net realizable value. The 2016 impairment also included the write-
down of certain JETX leases that would not benefit its business going forward. The 2015 impairment charge related
to the write-down of JETX oil field assets in Houston County to fair value.

Depreciation and amortization for the oil and gas production and development businesses were $29.9 million, $30.4
million and $25.1 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The significant increase in 2017 and 2016 is due to
increased production and additional wells compared to 2015.

Income related to associated companies primarily relates to our investments in Garcadia and Linkem. For the years
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, income related to Garcadia was $48.2 million, $52.3 million and $53.2
million, respectively, and losses related to Linkem were $32.6 million, $22.9 million and $15.6 million, respectively.

Pre-tax income for 2017 includes $208.0 million from manufacturing, including the gain on the sale of Conwed of
$178.2 million (including working capital adjustments), $7.9 million of income related to associated companies and
$64.8 million related to our investment in HRG, offset partially by pre-tax losses from the oil and gas production and
development businesses of $26.0 million. Pre-tax income for 2016 includes $93.2 million related to our investment in
HRG, $39.8 million from manufacturing and $26.4 million of income related to associated companies, offset by pre-
tax losses for the oil and gas production and development businesses of $90.8 million. Pre-tax losses for 2015 includes
losses of $28.0 million related to our investment in HRG and pre-tax losses for the oil and gas production and
development businesses of $31.9 million, partially offset by $31.1 million of income from manufacturing and $28.0
million of income related to associated companies.

Parent Company Interest

Parent company interest totaled $58.9 million, $58.9 million and $87.2 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The decline in interest expense in 2016 as compared to 2015 is primarily due to the repayment of our 8.125% Senior
Notes in September 2015.

40

Income Taxes

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”) was enacted. The Tax Act is one of the most
comprehensive changes in the U.S. corporate income tax since 1986 and certain provisions are complex in their
application. The Tax Act revises the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering the corporate income
tax rate from 35% to 21%, adopting a territorial income tax system, and imposing a transition tax on unremitted
earnings of foreign subsidiaries. In connection with our initial analysis, we have recorded a discrete tax expense of
$450.5 million as a provisional estimate of the impact of the Tax Act during 2017. This provisional estimate primarily
consists of a $415.0 million expense related to the revaluation of our deferred tax asset and a $35.5 million expense
related to the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings.

For the year ended December 31, 2017, our provision for income taxes was $761.0 million, representing an effective
tax rate of about 75%. Our 2017 provision was impacted by a non-cash $450.5 million charge related to the impact of
tax reform. This charge increased our effective rate by 44%. Additionally, our 2017 provision was reduced by a $31.9
million benefit resulting from the repatriation of Jefferies earnings from certain of its foreign subsidiaries, along with
their associated foreign tax credits. This benefit reduced our effective tax rate for 2017 by approximately 3%.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, our provision for income taxes was $122.1 million, representing an effective
tax rate of about 39%. Our 2016 provision was increased by a $24.9 million charge related to previously issued stock
awards, which increased our effective rate by 8%. The majority of the awards expired unexercised during the first
quarter of 2016. The tax deductions associated with the remainder of the awards was less than the compensation cost
recognized for financial reporting purposes.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, our provision for income taxes was $109.9 million, representing an effective
tax rate of about 31%. Our 2015 provision was reduced by $10.7 million, lowering our effective rate by 3%, related to
benefits recorded for certain state and local net operating loss carryforwards, which are more likely than not to be
realized in the future.

Discontinued Operations

Our gain on disposal from discontinued operations, net of tax totaled $5.1 million in 2015. This gain primarily relates
to additional consideration received related to the 2012 sale of our small Caribbean-based telecommunications provider
and a reversal of a legal reserve.

For further information, see Note 28 to our consolidated financial statements.

Selected Balance Sheet Data

In addition to preparing our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), we also review the tangible capital associated with each
of our businesses and investments, which is a non-GAAP presentation and may not be comparable to similar non-
GAAP presentations used by other companies. We believe that this information is useful to investors as it allows them
to view our businesses and investments through the eyes of management while facilitating a comparison across historical
periods. We define tangible capital as Total Leucadia National Corporation shareholders’ equity less Intangible assets,
net and goodwill.

41

The tables below reconcile tangible capital to our GAAP balance sheet (in thousands):

_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

December 31, 2017

Jefferies

_____________________

Investments
_____________________ ___________________ ____________________

Investments

Beef

National

Inter-

Corporate
liabilities Eliminations
_________________ _____________________

company

Total

________________

Other

Financial
Services
Businesses

and

Other

Merchant
Banking
Businesses

and

Corporate
liquidity and
other assets, 

net of 

18,516      $ 

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents  . . . .            $  5,164,492        $ 
Cash and securities segregated 
and on deposit for regulatory 
purposes or deposited with 
clearing and depository 
organizations  . . . . . . . . . . . .                   578,014                –                      –                      –                      –                      –                   578,014
Financial instruments owned  . .              13,998,125                 2,880           454,846           805,926           967,514               –              16,229,291
Investments in managed funds  .                   195,227                –                   324,460               –                     50,259               –                   569,946
Loans to and investments in 

–            $  5,275,480

49,182        $

13,681      $ 

29,609      $ 

associated companies  . . . . .                   682,790                –                   715,892           476,284           191,863               –                2,066,829
Securities borrowed  . . . . . . . . .                7,721,803                –                      –                      –                      –                      –                7,721,803
Securities purchased under 

agreements to resell . . . . . . .                3,689,559                –                      –                      –                      –                      –                3,689,559
Receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                4,459,827             201,675           677,211             47,979             32,323               –                5,419,015
Property, equipment and 

leasehold improvements, 
net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   297,750             401,148               2,681             18,771             30,053               –                   750,403

Intangible assets, net and 

goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                1,899,093             554,541               1,561               –                       7,985               –                2,463,180
Deferred tax asset, net  . . . . . . .                   212,954                –                      –                      –                   530,857               –                   743,811
Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   676,098             281,779             79,993           547,728           146,500          (70,321)        1,661,777
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
Total Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .              39,575,732          1,460,539        2,270,325        1,926,297        2,006,536          (70,321)      47,169,108
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Liabilities
Long-term debt (1) . . . . . . . . . .                6,416,844             199,221           187,478             93,219           989,021               –                7,885,783
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . .              27,514,235             332,111           656,996             34,710           125,022          (70,321)      28,592,753
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
Total liabilities  . . . . . . . . . .              33,931,079             531,332            844,474            127,929         1,114,043           (70,321)       36,478,536
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Redeemable noncontrolling 

interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      –                    412,128               –                     13,653                  812               –                   426,593

Mandatorily redeemable 
convertible preferred 
shares  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      –                        –                      –                      –                   125,000               –                   125,000
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . .                          737                –                       1,382             30,525                  378               –                     33,022
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
Total Leucadia National 

Corporation shareholders’ 
equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $  5,643,916        $ 517,079      $1,424,469      $1,754,190      $ 766,303        $  –            $10,105,957
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Reconciliation to Tangible 

Capital

Total Leucadia National 

Corporation shareholders’ 
equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $  5,643,916        $ 517,079      $1,424,469      $1,754,190      $ 766,303        $  –            $10,105,957

Less: Intangible assets, net and 

goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              (1,899,093)          (554,541)            (1,561)             –                     (7,985)             –              (2,463,180)
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Tangible Capital, a non-GAAP 

measure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $  3,744,823        $ (37,462)     $1,422,908      $1,754,190      $ 758,318        $  –            $  7,642,777
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

(1)   Long-term debt within Other financial services businesses and investments of $187.5 million at December 31,
2017, includes $170.5 million for Foursight Capital and $17.0 million for Chrome Capital. Long-term debt
within Other merchant banking businesses and investments of $93.2 million at December 31, 2017, includes
$53.4 million for our real estate associated with the Garcadia investment and $39.8 million for Vitesse.

42

_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

December 31, 2016

Other

Financial
Services
Businesses

and

Other

Merchant
Banking
Businesses

and

Corporate
liquidity and 
other assets, 

net of 

Inter-

Jefferies

_____________________

Investments
_____________________ ___________________ ____________________

Beef

(1)

National

Investments

Corporate
liabilities Eliminations
_________________ _____________________

company

Total

________________

37,702      $ 

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents  . . . .            $  3,529,457        $ 
Cash and securities segregated 
and on deposit for regulatory 
purposes or deposited with 
clearing and depository 
organizations  . . . . . . . . . . . .                   857,337                –                      –                      –                      –                      –                   857,337
Financial instruments owned  . .              13,809,512                 1,906           188,976           761,249           524,643               –              15,286,286
Investments in managed funds  .                   186,508                –                   301,171               –                     27,639               –                   515,318
Loans to and investments in 

45,151      $ 154,083         $    –            $  3,807,558

41,165      $ 

associated companies  . . . . .                   653,872                –                   985,780           451,117             34,329               –                2,125,098
Securities borrowed  . . . . . . . . .                7,743,562                –                      –                      –                      –                      –                7,743,562
Securities purchased under 

agreements to resell . . . . . . .                3,862,488                –                      –                      –                      –                      –                3,862,488
Receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                3,163,171             179,313           938,254             47,761             96,679               –                4,425,178
Property, equipment and 

leasehold improvements, 
net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   265,553             385,599               4,551             31,351             22,188               –                   709,242

Intangible assets, net and 

goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                1,903,335             599,794             10,549               –                      –                      –                2,513,678
Deferred tax asset, net  . . . . . . .                   337,580                –                      –                      –                1,124,235               –                1,461,815
Assets held for sale  . . . . . . . . .                      –                        –                      –                   128,083               –                      –                   128,083
Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   679,721             294,003           117,274           563,905             63,442          (82,681)        1,635,664
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
Total Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .              36,992,096          1,498,317        2,587,720        2,028,617        2,047,238          (82,681)      45,071,307
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Liabilities
Long-term debt (2) . . . . . . . . . .                5,483,331             276,341           545,528             87,352           987,891               –                7,380,443
Other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . .              26,090,308             270,184           351,505             64,315           231,775          (82,681)      26,925,406
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
Total liabilities  . . . . . . . . . .              31,573,639             546,525           897,033           151,667        1,219,666          (82,681)      34,305,849
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Redeemable noncontrolling 

interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      –                    321,962                  551             14,296               –                      –                   336,809

Mandatorily redeemable 
convertible preferred 
shares  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      –                        –                      –                      –                   125,000               –                   125,000
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . .                          651                –                   141,847             33,051               –                      –                   175,549
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
Total Leucadia National 

Corporation shareholders’ 
equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $  5,417,806        $ 629,830      $1,548,289      $1,829,603      $ 702,572         $    –            $10,128,100
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Reconciliation to Tangible 

Capital

Total Leucadia National 

Corporation shareholders’ 
equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $ 5,417,806        $ 629,830      $1,548,289      $1,829,603      $ 702,572         $    –            $10,128,100

Less: Intangible assets, net and 

goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              (1,903,335)          (599,794)          (10,549)             –                      –                      –              (2,513,678)
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

Tangible Capital, a non-GAAP 

measure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $  3,514,471        $ 

30,036      $1,537,740      $1,829,603      $ 702,572         $    –              $7,614,422
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________
                                                                                                           ____________________                 _________________              _________________              _________________              _________________                  ______________             ____________________

(1)   Other financial services businesses and investments excludes $89.1 million at December 31, 2016 of liquid
marketable securities that are available for sale immediately. These liquid marketable securities are included in
Corporate liquidity and other assets, net of Corporate liabilities.

(2)   Long-term debt within Other financial services businesses and investments of $545.5 million at December 31,
2016, includes $406.0 million for 54 Madison, $97.1 million for Foursight Capital and $42.4 million for Chrome
Capital.  Long-term  debt  within  Other  merchant  banking  businesses  and  investments  of  $87.4  million  at
December 31, 2016, includes $55.7 million for our real estate associated with the Garcadia investment and
$31.7 million for Vitesse.

43

The table below presents our tangible capital by significant business and investment (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                        Tangible Capital as of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                                 December 31,      December 31, 
                                                                                                                                                                                         2017                     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ___________________            _________________
Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $3,744,823     $3,514,471
National Beef . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (37,462)           30,036
Other Financial Services Businesses and Investments:
    Leucadia Asset Management (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          571,264          483,687
    Berkadia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          210,594          184,443
    HomeFed  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          310,264          269,421
    FXCM  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          231,656          500,758
    Foursight Capital and Chrome Capital  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            99,130          100,516
    Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –                   (1,085)
                              
            _________________              _________________
        Total Other Financial Services Businesses and Investments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,422,908       1,537,740
                              
            _________________              _________________
Other Merchant Banking Businesses and Investments:
    HRG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          789,870          725,096
    Garcadia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          199,541          206,760
    Linkem . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          192,136          154,000
    Vitesse  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          315,829          309,837
    JETX  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          100,792          159,182
    Idaho Timber  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            81,542            76,551
    Golden Queen  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            74,480            78,474
    Conwed  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –                100,649
    Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –                  19,054
                              
            _________________              _________________
        Total Other Merchant Banking Businesses and Investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,754,190       1,829,603
                              
            _________________              _________________
Corporate liquidity and other assets, net of Corporate liabilities 
    including long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          758,318          702,572
            _________________              _________________
                              
        Total Tangible Capital (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $7,642,777     $7,614,422
                              
            _________________              _________________
                              
            _________________              _________________

(1)   Leucadia Asset Management does not include $89.1 million at December 31, 2016 of liquid marketable securities
that are available for sale immediately. At December 31, 2016, these liquid marketable securities were included in
Corporate liquidity and other assets, net of Corporate liabilities including long-term debt.

(2)   Tangible Capital, a non-GAAP measure, is defined as Leucadia National Corporation shareholders’ equity less
Intangible assets, net and goodwill. See reconciliation of Tangible Capital to Leucadia National Corporation
shareholders’ equity in the tables above.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Corporate Liquidity

We are a holding company whose assets principally consist of the stock or membership interests of our subsidiary
businesses,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  other  noncontrolling  investments  in  debt  and  equity  securities. We
continuously evaluate the retention and disposition of our existing operations and investments and investigate possible
acquisitions of new businesses in order to maximize shareholder value. Accordingly, further acquisitions, divestitures,
investments and changes in capital structure are possible.

Our principal sources of funds are distributions from subsidiaries, proceeds from divestitures of existing businesses and
investments, repayment of subsidiary advances, available cash resources, liquid investments, funds distributed from
subsidiaries as tax sharing payments, public and private capital market transactions, and management and other fees.

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we received $553.0 million of distributions from our existing subsidiary
businesses, including $337.7 million from National Beef. We also received $463.7 million from divestitures and
repayments of advances, including $289.8 million from the sale of 100% of Conwed and $92.8 million of principal
repayments from FXCM.

44

Our available cash resources and investments that are easily convertible into cash within a relatively short period of
time total $1,325.4 million at December 31, 2017, and are primarily comprised of cash, short-term bonds and notes of
the U.S. Government and its agencies, and other publicly traded debt and equity securities. These are classified on our
balance sheet as cash and cash equivalents, trading assets, available for sale securities, receivables and investments in
managed funds.

Our short-term recurring cash requirements, which are principally the payment of interest on our debt, dividends and
corporate cash overhead expenses, totaled $247.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. Dividends paid during
2017 of $117.4 million include quarterly dividends of $0.0625 per share for each of the first two quarters and $0.10
per share for each of the last two quarters. The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors
and depends upon general business conditions, legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and other
factors that the Board of Directors may deem to be relevant. Our recurring cash requirements typically do not include
significant amounts for tax payments, as we have federal income tax net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) and
other tax attributes which offset federal tax liabilities. During 2017, we used about $700 million of our NOLs to offset
taxable income, and we have about $2.3 billion remaining NOLs as of December 31, 2017.

Our primary long-term cash requirement is to make principal payments on the parent company’s long-term debt ($1.0
billion principal outstanding as of December 31, 2017), of which $750.0 million is due in 2023 and $250.0 million in
2043.

We continue to use our available liquidity to make acquisitions of new businesses and other investments, additional
contributions to existing businesses, and from time to time, repurchases of our outstanding common shares. The timing
of these events is influenced by many factors and therefore cannot be predicted.

During 2017, we bought 797,897 additional common shares of HomeFed for $31.9 million in privately-negotiated
transactions, and participated in a preferred equity financing for Linkem, of which Leucadia’s share was $32.0 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2017, we purchased a total of 4,023,726 of our common shares for $100.5 million
at an average price per share of $24.97. The Board of Directors has authorized the purchase of up to 25,000,000 common
shares, which may be made from time to time in the open market, through block trades or otherwise. As of December 31,
2017, 12,500,000 common shares remain authorized for repurchase.

In February 2009, the Board of Directors authorized, from time to time, the purchase of our outstanding debt securities
through cash purchases in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases,
if any, depend upon prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and other factors; such purchases may be
commenced or suspended at any time without notice.

Looking forward to 2018, we anticipate an increase in our parent company liquidity. On January 11, 2018, the Board
of Directors of Jefferies approved both a distribution of $200 million to Leucadia, which was received on January 31,
2018, and a policy authorizing Jefferies to pay a quarterly distribution to Leucadia equal to 50% of its net earnings. In
addition to these distributions, we anticipate receiving payments under the tax sharing agreement between Jefferies
and Leucadia. Because of the inherent difficulty in estimating future earnings and future taxable income, it is difficult
to project the amounts we will ultimately receive.

Concentration, Liquidity and Leverage Targets

From time to time in the past, we have accessed public and private credit markets and raised capital in underwritten bond
financings. The funds raised have been used by us for general corporate purposes, including for our existing businesses
and new investment opportunities. In addition, the ratings of Leucadia are a factor considered by rating agencies that rate
the debt of our subsidiary companies, including Jefferies, whose access to external financing is important to its day to day
operations. Ratings issued by bond rating agencies, subject to change at any time, are as follows:

                                                                                                                     Rating                               Outlook
                                                                                                                  ________________                                                            ________________
Moody’s Investors Service  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              Ba1                  Rating Under Review
Standard and Poor’s  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            BBB-                             Stable
Fitch Ratings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             BBB                             Stable

45

We  target  specific  concentration,  leverage  and  liquidity  principles,  expressed  in  the  form  of  certain  ratios  and
percentages, although there is no legal requirement to do so.

Concentration Target: As a diversification measure, we limit cash investments such that our single largest investment
does not exceed 20% of equity excluding Jefferies, and that our next largest investment does not exceed 10% of equity
excluding Jefferies, in each case measured at the time the investment was made. National Beef is our largest investment
and HRG is our next largest investment. There were no investments made during the year that approached 10% of
equity excluding Jefferies.

Liquidity Target: We hold a liquidity reserve calculated as a minimum of twenty-four months of holding company
expenses (excluding non-cash components), parent company interest and dividends. Maturities of parent company
debt within the upcoming year are also included in the target; however, our next maturity is during 2023 so there is no
current inclusion.
                                                                                                                                                         December 31, 
                                                                                                                                                                2017
                                                                                                                                                                                               _______________
Liquidity reserve (in thousands):

Minimum reserve under liquidity target  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual liquidity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$
544,600
$  1,325,384

Leverage Target: We target a maximum parent debt to stressed equity ratio of .50, with stressed equity defined as equity
(excluding Jefferies) assuming the loss of our two largest investments.
                                                                                                                                                         December 31, 
                                                                                                                                                                2017
                                                                                                                                                                                               _______________
Leverage target (dollars in thousands):

Total Leucadia National Corporation shareholders’ equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less, investment in Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                                                                                      
Equity excluding Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Less, our two largest investments:

National Beef  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
HRG, at cost  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                                                                                      
Equity in a stressed scenario . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less, net deferred tax asset excluding Jefferies amount . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                                                                                      
Equity in a stressed scenario less net deferred tax asset . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Parent company debt (see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements)  . . . . . . . . .
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
Ratio of parent company debt to stressed equity:

Maximum  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual, equity in a stressed scenario . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual, equity in a stressed scenario excluding net deferred tax asset  . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$10,105,957
(5,643,916)
__________
4,462,041

(517,079)
(475,600)
__________
3,469,362
(530,857)
__________
$  2,938,505
__________
__________
$
989,021
__________
__________

0.50 x
0.29 x
0.34 x

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

As discussed above, we have historically relied on our available liquidity to meet short-term and long-term needs, and
to make acquisitions of new businesses and investments. Except as otherwise disclosed herein, our operating businesses
do not generally require significant funds to support their operating activities, and we do not depend on positive cash
flow from our operating segments to meet our liquidity needs. The mix of our operating businesses and investments
can change frequently as a result of acquisitions or divestitures, the timing of which is impossible to predict but which
often have a significant impact on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in any one period. Further, the timing
and amounts of distributions from investments in associated companies may be outside our control. As a result, reported
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities do not generally follow any particular pattern or trend,
and reported results in the most recent period should not be expected to recur in any subsequent period.

Net cash of $1,072.8 million and $608.8 million, respectively, was provided by operating activities in 2017 and 2016
and net cash of $761.8 million was used for operating activities in 2015.

46

•

Jefferies generated funds of $762.5 million during 2017 and used funds of $132.1 million and $294.5 million
during 2016 and 2015, respectively. Included in these amounts are distributions received from associated
companies of $21.0 million during 2017, $38.2 million during 2016 and $76.7 million during 2015.

• National Beef generated funds of $553.8 million, $484.8 million and $76.5 million during 2017, 2016 and

2015, respectively.

• Within our Other Financial Services Businesses and Investments, cash of $124.6 million, $50.0 million and
$325.0 million was used during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to make additional investments in the
Leucadia Asset Management platform. During 2016, cash of $257.0 million was generated from our trading
portfolio and $170.0 million from our investments in managed funds related to our Leucadia Asset Management
platform. We received distributions from Berkadia, an associated company, of $66.7 million during 2017, $99.9
million during 2016 and $89.4 million during 2015. Cash used for operating activities also includes net cash
used of $131.3 million in 2017, $119.8 million in 2016 and $140.2 million in 2015 relating to automobile
installment contracts, which is reflected in the net change in other receivables.

• Within our Other Merchant Banking Businesses and Investments, manufacturing generated funds of $15.7
million in 2017, $35.4 million in 2016 and $31.2 million in 2015. We received distributions from Garcadia, an
associated company, of $46.9 million during 2017, $51.4 million during 2016 and $57.3 million during 2015.
Net losses related to real estate, property and equipment, and other assets include impairment charges of $10.1
million in 2017, $65.7 million in 2016 and $27.7 million in 2015, primarily related to JETX.

• Within our Corporate and Other Businesses and Investments, cash of $47.6 million was used to make additional
investments in our trading portfolio and $50.0 million was used to make an additional investment in a managed
fund during 2017. Net losses related to real estate, property and equipment, and other assets include the write
down of a note receivable of $20.0 million related to the sale of a subsidiary in 2012.

• Our cash used for operating activities also reflects the use of $7.3 million during 2015 by our discontinued
operations. Additionally, during 2015, we paid $80.4 million in connection with legal settlements. The change
in operating cash flows also reflects greater interest payments during 2017 as compared to 2016 and lower
interest payments in 2016 as compared to 2015.

Net cash of $47.3 million and $639.7 million, respectively, was used for investing activities in 2017 and 2016 and net
cash of $781.2 million was provided by investing activities in 2015.

• Acquisitions of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, and other assets related to Jefferies include
$72.7 million in 2017, $103.3 million in 2016 and $68.8 million in 2015. Jefferies made loans to and investments
in associated companies of $3,161.6 million during 2017, $538.2 million during 2016 and $1,438.7 million
during 2015. Jefferies received capital distributions and loan repayments from its associated companies of
$3,069.0 million during 2017, $689.2 million during 2016 and $1,384.9 million during 2015. Additionally,
Jefferies received proceeds of $173.1 million during 2017 from the sale of its investment in Jefferies LoanCore.
• Acquisitions of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, and other assets related to National Beef

include $70.4 million in 2017, $62.0 million in 2016 and $48.6 million in 2015.

• Within our Other Financial Services Businesses and Investments, acquisitions of property, equipment and
leasehold improvements, and other assets were $1.2 million in 2017, $48.6 million in 2016 and $53.0 million
in 2015. Advances on notes, loans and other receivables during 2017 and 2016 primarily relate to real estate
projects in 54 Madison and during 2015 include the investment in FXCM ($279.0 million). Collections on
notes, loans and other receivables during 2017 and 2016 include $139.1 million and $24.6 million, respectively,
related to real estate projects in 54 Madison and $114.9 million and $72.1 million, respectively, related to
FXCM. Collections on notes, loans and other receivables during 2015 primarily relate to FXCM. Loans to and
investments in associated companies include $31.9 million in HomeFed during 2017, and $62.8 million and
$153.5 million, respectively, in 54 Madison during 2017 and 2016, of which $35.9 million and $90.7 million,
respectively, of that was contributed by noncontrolling interests. Capital distributions include $25.6 million
during 2017 related to 54 Madison.

• Within our Other Merchant Banking Businesses and Investments, acquisitions of property, equipment and
leasehold  improvements,  and  other  assets  primarily  reflect  activity  in  our  oil  and  gas  production  and
development businesses. They totaled $47.5 million in 2017, $104.5 million in 2016 and $113.4 million in
2015. Proceeds from sale of subsidiary relates to the sale of Conwed. Collections on notes, loans and other

47

receivables during 2016 include $21.2 million related to our oil and gas production and development businesses.
Loans to and investments in associated companies include $32.0 million, $33.3 million and $21.2 million to
Linkem during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, $22.5 million to Garcadia in 2016 and $12.5 million,
including $0.4 million contributed from the noncontrolling interest, to Golden Queen in 2015. We also received
capital distributions and loan repayments from Garcadia of $7.9 million in 2017, $10.2 million in 2016 and
$2.8 million in 2015.

• Proceeds from disposal of discontinued operations, net of expenses and cash of operations sold in 2015 relates
to  additional  consideration  received  in  connection  with  the  2012  sale  of  our  small  Caribbean-based
telecommunications provider.

Net cash of $434.8 million and $230.9 million, respectively, was provided by financing activities in 2017 and 2016
and $652.0 million was used for financing activities in 2015.

•

•

Issuance of debt includes $1,335.4 million during 2017 and $299.8 million during 2016 related to Jefferies.
Repayment of debt includes $524.1 million during 2017, $373.2 million during 2016 and $670.0 million during
2015 related to Jefferies. Net change in bank overdrafts of $5.7 million in 2017 and $46.5 million in 2016
related to Jefferies. Net change in other secured financings include payments of $33.5 million and $7.3 million,
respectively, during 2017 and 2016 and proceeds of $157.1 million during 2015 related to Jefferies.
Issuance of debt for National Beef includes $474.9 million in 2017 of borrowings under its bank credit facility.
National Beef reflects repayments of debt of $552.8 million in 2017, $163.7 million in 2016 and $51.7 million
in 2015.

• Within our Other Financial Services Businesses and Investments, issuance of debt includes $277.5 million in
2017, $705.4 million in 2016 and $341.8 million in 2015. Their repayment of debt includes $322.0 million in
2017, $422.5 million in 2016 and $127.3 million in 2015. Net change in other secured financings include
proceeds of $34.7 million, $124.0 million and $48.1 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related
to Foursight Capital. Contributions from noncontrolling interests include $39.4 million during 2017 and $144.8
million during 2016 related to 54 Madison, and $13.9 million in 2015 related to Leucadia Asset Management.
Issuance of debt by our Other Merchant Banking Businesses and Investments includes $7.8 million in 2017,
$14.9 million in 2016 and $21.5 million in 2015. Their repayment of debt includes $8.8 million in 2015.

•

• At the holding company level, we include repayments of debt during 2015 of $458.6 million on the maturity
of our 8.125% Senior Notes. Purchases of common shares for treasury relate to shares purchased in the open
market and shares received from participants in our stock compensation plans.

As shown below, at December 31, 2017, our contractual obligations totaled $12,287.7 million.
                                                                                                             Expected Maturity Date (in millions)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                        2020             2022
                                                                                                                                                         and               and               After
Contractual Obligations                                                Total              2018              2019              2021             2023              2023
_________________________________________                                                                                                          ________                              _________                             _________                              _________                           _________                              _________
Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $7,765.3     $1,016.3    $ 777.7      $ 891.7     $1,585.4     $3,494.2
Estimated interest expense on debt  . . . .        3,405.1          392.8         354.4           576.5          436.6       1,644.8
Cattle commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           101.3          101.3            –                 –                –                 –
Operating leases, net of sublease 

income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           978.2            85.7           76.6           120.9          116.7          578.3
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             37.8            28.7             2.0               3.1              3.2              0.8
           ___________________              ________________           ________________                 ________________             ________________             ________________
Total Contractual Obligations  . . . . . .    $12,287.7     $1,624.8    $1,210.7      $1,592.2     $2,141.9     $5,718.1
           ___________________              ________________           ________________                 ________________             ________________             ________________
           ___________________              ________________           ________________                 ________________             ________________             ________________

Amounts related to our U.S. pension obligations ($60.5 million) are not included in the above table as the timing of
payments is uncertain; however, we do expect to make $8.9 million of contributions to these plans in 2018. For further
information, see Note 19 in our consolidated financial statements. In addition, the above amounts do not include
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits as the timing of payments, if any, is uncertain. Such amounts aggregated $226.4
million at December 31, 2017; for more information, see Note 20 in our consolidated financial statements.

Our U.S. pension obligations relate to frozen defined benefit pension plans, principally the defined benefit plan of
WilTel Communications Group, LLC, our former telecommunications subsidiary. When we sold WilTel in 2005, its

48

defined benefit pension plan was not transferred in connection with the sale. At December 31, 2017, we had recorded
a liability of $52.8 million in our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition for WilTel’s unfunded defined benefit
pension plan obligation. This amount represents the difference between the present value of amounts owed to former
employees of WilTel (referred to as the projected benefit obligation) and the market value of plan assets set aside in
segregated trust accounts. Since the benefits in this plan have been frozen, future changes to the unfunded benefit
obligation are expected to principally result from benefit payments, changes in the market value of plan assets,
differences between actuarial assumptions and actual experience and interest rates.

Calculations of pension expense and projected benefit obligations are prepared by actuaries based on assumptions
provided by management. These assumptions are reviewed on an annual basis, including assumptions about discount
rates, interest credit rates and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. The timing of expected future benefit
payments was used in conjunction with the Citigroup Pension Discount Curve to develop a discount rate for the WilTel
plan that is representative of the high quality corporate bond market. Holding all other assumptions constant, a 0.25%
change in the discount rate would affect pension expense in 2018 by $0.2 million and the benefit obligation by $6.0
million, of which $4.4 million relates to the WilTel plan.

The deferred losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) have not yet been recognized as components
of net periodic pension cost in the Consolidated Statements of Operations ($51.3 million at December 31, 2017). These
deferred amounts primarily result from differences between the actual and assumed return on plan assets and changes
in actuarial assumptions, including changes in discount rates and changes in interest credit rates. They are amortized
to expense if they exceed 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market value of plan assets as
of the beginning of the year. The estimated net loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) into pension expense in 2018 is $2.5 million.

The assumed long-term rates of return on plan assets are based on the investment objectives of the plans, which are
more fully discussed in Note 19 in our consolidated financial statements.

Jefferies Liquidity

General

The Chief Financial Officer and Global Treasurer of Jefferies are responsible for developing and implementing liquidity,
funding and capital management strategies for the Jefferies businesses. These policies are determined by the nature
and needs of day to day business operations, business opportunities, regulatory obligations, and liquidity requirements.

The actual levels of capital, total assets, and financial leverage are a function of a number of factors, including asset
composition, business initiatives and opportunities, regulatory requirements and cost and availability of both long-
term and short-term funding. Jefferies has historically maintained a balance sheet consisting of a large portion of total
assets in cash and liquid marketable securities, arising principally from traditional securities brokerage and trading
activity. The liquid nature of these assets provides flexibility in financing and managing Jefferies business.

A business unit level balance sheet and cash capital analysis is prepared and reviewed with senior management on a
weekly basis. As a part of this balance sheet review process, capital is allocated to all assets and gross balance sheet
limits are adjusted, as necessary. This process ensures that the allocation of capital and costs of capital are incorporated
into business decisions. The goals of this process are to protect the Jefferies platform, enable the businesses to remain
competitive, maintain the ability to manage capital proactively and hold businesses accountable for both balance sheet
and capital usage.

Jefferies actively monitors and evaluates its financial condition and the composition of its assets and liabilities. The
overall securities inventory is continually monitored by Jefferies, including the inventory turnover rate, which confirms
the liquidity of overall assets. Substantially all of Jefferies trading assets and trading liabilities are valued on a daily
basis and Jefferies monitors and employs balance sheet limits for its various businesses. In connection with the
government and agency fixed income business and Jefferies role as a primary dealer in these markets, a sizable portion
of  its  securities  inventory  is  comprised  of  U.S.  government  and  agency  securities  and  other  G-7  government
securities. For  further  detail  on  Jefferies  outstanding  sovereign  exposure,  refer  to  Quantitative  and  Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk below.

49

At December 31, 2017, our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition includes Jefferies Level 3 trading assets
that are approximately 2.1% of total trading assets.

Securities financing assets and liabilities include both financing for financial instruments trading activity, matched
book transactions and mortgage finance transactions. Matched book transactions accommodate customers, as well as
obtain securities for the settlement and financing of inventory positions.

The following table presents Jefferies period end balance, average balance and maximum balance at any month end
within the periods presented for Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities sold under agreements
to repurchase (in millions):

                                                                                                                      Year Ended                  Year Ended
                                                                                                               December 31, 2017      December 31, 2016
                                                                                                               _________________     ________________

Securities purchased under agreements to resell:

Period end  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                $  3,690                   $  3,862
Month end average  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    6,195                       5,265
Maximum month end  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    7,814                       7,001

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase:

Period end  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                $  8,661                   $  6,792
Month end average  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  11,273                     11,410
Maximum month end  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  13,679                     16,620

Fluctuations in the balance of Jefferies repurchase agreements from period to period and intraperiod are dependent on
business activity in those periods. Additionally, the fluctuations in the balances of Jefferies securities purchased under
agreements to resell over the periods presented are influenced in any given period by its clients’ balances and its clients’
desires to execute collateralized financing arrangements via the repurchase market or via other financing products.
Average balances and period end balances will fluctuate based on market and liquidity conditions and Jefferies considers
the fluctuations intraperiod to be typical for the repurchase market.

Liquidity Management

The key objectives of Jefferies liquidity management framework are to support the successful execution of its business
strategies while ensuring sufficient liquidity through the business cycle and during periods of financial distress. The
liquidity management policies are designed to mitigate the potential risk that adequate financing may not be accessible
to service financial obligations without material franchise or business impact.

The principal elements of Jefferies liquidity management framework are the Contingency Funding Plan, the Cash
Capital Policy and the assessment of Maximum Liquidity Outflow.

Contingency Funding Plan. The Jefferies Contingency Funding Plan is based on a model of a potential liquidity
contraction over a one year time period. This incorporates potential cash outflows during a liquidity stress event,
including, but not limited to, the following:

• Repayment of all unsecured debt maturing within one year and no incremental unsecured debt issuance;
• Maturity rolloff of outstanding letters of credit with no further issuance and replacement with cash collateral;
• Higher margin requirements than currently exist on assets on securities financing activity, including repurchase

agreements;

• Liquidity outflows related to possible credit downgrade;
• Lower availability of secured funding;
• Client cash withdrawals;
• The anticipated funding of outstanding investment and loan commitments; and
• Certain accrued expenses and other liabilities and fixed costs.

50

Cash  Capital  Policy. A  cash  capital  model  is  maintained  that  measures  long-term  funding  sources  against
requirements. Sources of cash capital include equity and the noncurrent portion of long-term borrowings. Uses of cash
capital include the following:

•

Illiquid assets such as equipment, goodwill, net intangible assets, exchange memberships, deferred tax assets
and certain investments;

• A portion of securities inventory that is not expected to be financed on a secured basis in a credit stressed

environment (i.e., margin requirements); and

• Drawdowns of unfunded commitments.

To ensure that Jefferies does not need to liquidate inventory in the event of a funding crisis, Jefferies seeks to maintain
surplus cash capital, which is reflected in the leverage ratios Jefferies maintains. Jefferies total long-term capital of
$11.2 billion at December 31, 2017 exceeded its cash capital requirements.

Maximum Liquidity Outflow. Jefferies businesses are diverse, and liquidity needs are determined by many factors,
including market movements, collateral requirements and client commitments, all of which can change dramatically in
a difficult funding environment. During a liquidity crisis, credit-sensitive funding, including unsecured debt and some
types of secured financing agreements, may be unavailable, and the terms (e.g., interest rates, collateral provisions and
tenor) or availability of other types of secured financing may change. As a result of Jefferies policy to ensure it has
sufficient  funds  to  cover  estimates  of  what  may  be  needed  in  a  liquidity  crisis,  Jefferies  holds  more  cash  and
unencumbered securities and has greater long-term debt balances than the businesses would otherwise require. As part
of this estimation process, Jefferies calculates a Maximum Liquidity Outflow that could be experienced in a liquidity
crisis. Maximum Liquidity Outflow is based on a scenario that includes both market-wide stress and firm-specific stress.

Based on the sources and uses of liquidity calculated under the Maximum Liquidity Outflow scenarios Jefferies
determines, based on its calculated surplus or deficit, additional long-term funding that may be needed versus funding
through the repurchase financing market and considers any adjustments that may be necessary to Jefferies inventory
balances and cash holdings. Jefferies has sufficient excess liquidity to meet all contingent cash outflows detailed in
the Maximum Liquidity Outflow. Jefferies regularly refines its model to reflect changes in market or economic
conditions and the firm’s business mix.

Sources of Liquidity

Within Jefferies, the following are financial instruments that are cash and cash equivalents or are deemed by Jefferies
management to be generally readily convertible into cash, marginable or accessible for liquidity purposes within a
relatively short period of time, as reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (in thousands):

Average Balance

December 31, Fourth Quarter  December 31, 
___________ ____________

__________

2017 (1)

2017

2016

Cash and cash equivalents:
       Cash in banks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $2,244,207      $2,358,187       $ 905,391
       Certificates of deposit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                –                    23,901              25,000
       Money market investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         2,920,285        1,693,151         2,599,066
                                                                                                               _________      _________       _________
           Total cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         5,164,492        4,075,239         3,529,457
                                                                                                               _________      _________       _________
Other sources of liquidity:
       Debt securities owned and securities purchased under 
           agreements to resell (2). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         1,031,252           917,719         1,455,398
       Other (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            513,293           551,223            318,646
                                                                                                               _________      _________       _________
           Total other sources . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         1,544,545        1,468,942         1,774,044
                                                                                                               _________      _________       _________
           Total cash and cash equivalents and other liquidity sources . .       $6,709,037      $5,544,181       $5,303,501
                                                                                                               _________      _________       _________
                                                                                                               _________      _________       _________

(1)   Average balances are calculated based on weekly balances.

51

(2)   Consists of high quality sovereign government securities and reverse repurchase agreements collateralized by
U.S. government securities and other high quality sovereign government securities; deposits with a central bank
within the European Economic Area, Canada, Australia, Japan, Switzerland or the U.S.; and securities issued
by a designated multilateral development bank and reverse repurchase agreements with underlying collateral
comprised of these securities.

(3)   Other includes unencumbered inventory representing an estimate of the amount of additional secured financing
that could be reasonably expected to be obtained from financial instruments owned that are currently not pledged
after considering reasonable financing haircuts.

In addition to the cash balances and liquidity pool presented above, the majority of trading assets and liabilities are
actively traded and readily marketable. Repurchase financing can be readily obtained for approximately 72.8% of
Jefferies inventory at haircuts of 10% or less, which reflects the liquidity of the inventory. In addition, as a matter of
Jefferies policy, all of these assets have internal capital assessed, which is in addition to the funding haircuts provided
in the securities finance markets. Additionally, certain of Jefferies trading assets primarily consisting of bank loans,
consumer loans and investments are predominantly funded by Jefferies long-term capital. Under Jefferies cash capital
policy, capital allocation levels are modeled that are more stringent than the haircuts used in the market for secured
funding; and surplus capital is maintained at these more stringent levels. Jefferies continually assesses the liquidity of
its inventory based on the level at which Jefferies could obtain financing in the marketplace for a given asset. Assets
are considered to be liquid if financing can be obtained in the repurchase market or the securities lending market at
collateral haircut levels of 10% or less. The following summarizes Jefferies trading assets by asset class that are
considered to be of a liquid nature and the amount of such assets that have not been pledged as collateral as reflected
in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (in thousands):
                                                                                                                         December 31, 2017                        December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                ____________________________________________________       ____________________________________________________
                                                                                                                     Liquid          Unencumbered        Liquid             Unencumbered
                                                                                                                  Financial      Liquid Financial     Financial          Liquid Financial
                                                                                                                Instruments     Instruments (2)    Instruments         Instruments (2)
                                                                                                                   ________________________       ___________________________    _______________________             _________________________
Corporate equity securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $  1,718,617    $ 272,380   $  1,815,819     $ 280,733
Corporate debt securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2,475,291           57,290       1,818,150              –
U.S. Government, agency and municipal securities  . .     1,954,697         185,481       3,157,737          600,456
Other sovereign obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2,050,942         996,421       2,258,035          854,942
Agency mortgage-backed securities (1)  . . . . . . . . . . .     1,742,977             –              1,090,391              –
Loans and other receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        243,664             –                 274,842              –
            
            
            
            

 __________    _________   __________     _________
 $10,186,188    $1,511,572   $10,414,974     $1,736,131
 __________    _________   __________     _________
 __________    _________   __________     _________

(1)   Consists solely of agency mortgage-backed securities issued by Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae. These
securities include pass-through securities, securities backed by adjustable rate mortgages (“ARMs”), collateralized
mortgage obligations, commercial mortgage-backed securities and interest- and principal-only securities.

(2)   Unencumbered liquid balances represent assets that can be sold or used as collateral for a loan, but have not been.

In addition to being able to be readily financed at modest haircut levels, it is estimated that each of the individual
securities within each asset class above could be sold into the market and converted into cash within three business
days under normal market conditions, assuming that the entire portfolio of a given asset class was not simultaneously
liquidated. There are no restrictions on the unencumbered liquid securities, nor have they been pledged as collateral.

Sources of Funding

Secured Financing

Readily available secured funding is used to finance Jefferies financial instruments inventory. The ability of Jefferies
to support increases in total assets is largely a function of the ability to obtain short and intermediate term secured
funding, primarily through securities financing transactions. Repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements (collectively
“repos”), respectively, are used to finance a portion of long inventory and cover a portion of short inventory through
pledging and borrowing securities. Approximately 74.4% of Jefferies cash and non-cash repurchase financing activities
use collateral that is considered eligible collateral by central clearing corporations. Central clearing corporations are

52

situated between participating members who borrow cash and lend securities (or vice versa); accordingly, repo
participants contract with the central clearing corporation and not one another individually. Therefore, counterparty
credit risk is borne by the central clearing corporation which mitigates the risk through initial margin demands and
variation margin calls from repo participants. The comparatively large proportion of Jefferies total repo activity that is
eligible for central clearing reflects the high quality and liquid composition of its trading inventory. For those asset
classes not eligible for central clearinghouse financing, bi-lateral financings are sought on an extended term basis and
the tenor of Jefferies repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements generally exceeds the expected holding period of
the assets Jefferies is financing. The weighted average maturity of cash and non-cash repurchase agreements for non-
clearing corporation eligible funded inventory is approximately three months.

Jefferies ability to finance inventory via central clearinghouses and bi-lateral arrangements is augmented by Jefferies
ability to draw bank loans on an uncommitted basis under various banking arrangements. As of December 31, 2017,
short-term borrowings which must be repaid within one year or less and include bank loans and overdrafts, borrowings
under revolving credit facilities and structured notes, totaled $436.2 million. Interest under the bank lines is generally
at a spread over the federal funds rate. Letters of credit are used in the normal course of business mostly to satisfy
various collateral requirements in favor of exchanges in lieu of depositing cash or securities. Average daily short-term
borrowings for Jefferies for 2017 and 2016 were $482.4 million and $399.6 million, respectively.

Jefferies short-term borrowings include an Intraday Credit Facility, whereby the Bank of New York Mellon agrees to
make revolving intraday credit advances for an aggregate committed amount of $150.0 million. The Intraday Credit
Facility contains a financial covenant, which includes a minimum regulatory net capital requirement for its U.S. broker-
dealer. Interest is based on the higher of the Federal funds effective rate plus 0.5% or the prime rate. At December 31,
2017, Jefferies was in compliance with all debt covenants under the Intraday Credit Facility.

In addition to the above financing arrangements, Jefferies issues notes backed by eligible collateral under a master
repurchase agreement, which provides an additional financing source for its inventory (“repurchase agreement financing
program”). The outstanding amount of the notes issued under the program was $722.1 million in aggregate, which is
presented within Other secured financings in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition at December 31,
2017. All of the notes bear interest at a spread over one month LIBOR. Of the $722.1 million aggregate notes, $164.0
million matures in May 2018, but is currently redeemable at the option of the noteholders; $97.4 million matures in
February 2018; $101.3 million matures in July 2018, but is currently redeemable at Jefferies option or the option of
the noteholders; $74.4 million matures in July 2018; $125.0 million matures in August 2018, but is currently redeemable
at Jefferies option or the option of the noteholders; and $160.0 million matures in November 2018, but is currently
redeemable at Jefferies option.

Long-Term Debt

Jefferies long-term debt reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017 is $6.4
billion. Jefferies long-term debt has a weighted average maturity of approximately seven years. Jefferies next scheduled
maturity is the $678.3 million principal amount of 5.125% Senior Notes that mature in April 2018.

Jefferies long-term debt ratings are as follows:

                                                                                                                          Rating                    Outlook
                                                                                                                          ______                 __________
Moody’s Investors Service  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          Baa3                      Stable
Standard and Poor’s  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          BBB-                     Stable
Fitch Ratings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          BBB                      Stable

Jefferies access to external financing to finance its day to day operations, as well as the cost of that financing, is
dependent upon various factors, including its debt ratings. Jefferies current debt ratings are dependent upon many
factors, including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins,
earnings trend and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, capital structure, overall
risk management, business diversification and market share and competitive position in the markets in which it
operates. Deteriorations in any of these factors could impact Jefferies credit ratings. While certain aspects of a credit
rating downgrade are quantifiable pursuant to contractual provisions, the impact on its business and trading results in

53

future periods is inherently uncertain and depends on a number of factors, including the magnitude of the downgrade,
the behavior of individual clients and future mitigating action taken by Jefferies.

In connection with certain OTC derivative contract arrangements and certain other trading arrangements, Jefferies may
be required to provide additional collateral to counterparties, exchanges and clearing organizations in the event of a
credit rating downgrade. The amount of additional collateral that could be called by counterparties, exchanges and
clearing organizations under the terms of such agreements in the event of a downgrade of Jefferies long-term credit
rating below investment grade was $48.5 million. For certain foreign clearing organizations, credit rating is only one
of several factors employed in determining collateral that could be called. The above represents management’s best
estimate for additional collateral to be called in the event of credit rating downgrade. The impact of additional collateral
requirements is considered in Jefferies Contingency Funding Plan and calculation of Maximum Liquidity Outflow, as
described above.

Ratings issued by credit rating agencies are subject to change at any time.

Net Capital

Jefferies operates a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and member firms of FINRA. Jefferies LLC is subject to
the Securities and Exchange Commission Uniform Net Capital Rule (“Rule 15c3-1”), which requires the maintenance
of minimum net capital and has elected to calculate minimum capital requirements using the alternative method
permitted by Rule 15c3-1 in calculating net capital. Jefferies, as a dually-registered U.S. broker-dealer and FCM, is
also subject to Rule 1.17 of the CFTC which sets forth minimum financial requirements. The minimum net capital
requirement in determining excess net capital for a dually-registered U.S. broker-dealer and FCM is equal to the greater
of the requirement under Rule 15c3-1 or CFTC Rule 1.17. In November 2017, Jefferies Execution Services, Inc. merged
with and into Jefferies LLC, with Jefferies LLC as the surviving entity.

Jefferies LLC’s net capital and excess net capital as of December 31, 2017 were $1,418.9 million and $1,330.2 million,
respectively.

FINRA is the designated examining authority for Jefferies U.S. broker-dealer and the NFA is the designated self-
regulatory organization for Jefferies as an FCM.

Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries of Jefferies are subject to capital adequacy requirements as prescribed by
the regulatory authorities in their respective jurisdictions, including Jefferies International Limited which is subject to
the regulatory supervision and requirements of the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. The Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) was signed into law on July 21, 2010.
The Dodd-Frank Act contains provisions that require the registration of all swap dealers, major swap participants,
security-based swap dealers, and/or major security-based swap participants. While entities that register under these
provisions will be subject to regulatory capital requirements, these regulatory capital requirements have not yet been
finalized. Jefferies expects that these provisions will result in modifications to the regulatory capital requirements of
some of its entities, and will result in some of its other entities becoming subject to regulatory capital requirements for
the first time, including Jefferies Financial Services, Inc., which registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC during
January 2013 and Jefferies Financial Products LLC, which registered during August 2014.

The regulatory capital requirements referred to above may restrict Jefferies ability to withdraw capital from its regulated
subsidiaries. Some of our other consolidated subsidiaries also have credit agreements which may restrict the payment
of cash dividends, or the ability to make loans or advances to the parent company.

54

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As shown below, at December 31, 2017, our commitments and guarantees, substantially all of which related to Jefferies,
totaled $35,235.8 million.
                                                                                                                             Expected Maturity Date (In millions)
                                                                                                         _________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                          2020           2022
                                                                                                                                                           and             and               After
Commitments and Guarantees                                     Total              2018                2019              2021           2023              2023
___________________________________________________                                                                                      ________                              _________                                 _________                              _________                       _________                              _________
Equity commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $
0.2        $  18.7      $   –             $125.8
Loan commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            334.2          277.7           –                  56.5           –                 –
Mortgage-related and other purchase 

33.5     $   

178.2   $ 

commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            177.7          –                177.7            –                –                 –
Underwriting commitments  . . . . . . . . . .              11.0            11.0           –                 –                –                 –
Forward starting reverse repos . . . . . . . .         3,211.1       3,211.1           –                 –                –                 –
Forward starting repos  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         2,987.9       2,987.9           –                 –                –                 –
Other unfunded commitments  . . . . . . . .            513.0          218.8          122.9            18.3        153.0             –
Derivative contracts (1):

Non-credit related  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       27,537.7     24,454.8       2,420.2          150.5          45.9          466.3
Credit related  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            218.2          –                  42.0            20.5        155.7             –

Standby letters of credit  . . . . . . . . . . . . .              66.8            65.7           –                 –                 0.6               0.5
            ___________________         ___________________            _________________                      _____________               _____________                     _____________
Total Commitments and Guarantees  . .     $35,235.8   $31,260.5     $2,763.0        $264.5      $355.2        $592.6
            ___________________         ___________________            _________________                      _____________               _____________                     _____________
            ___________________         ___________________            _________________                      _____________               _____________                     _____________

(1)   Certain of Jefferies derivative contracts meet the definition of a guarantee and are therefore included in the above

table. For additional information on commitments, see Note 24 in our consolidated financial statements.

We have agreed to reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for up to one-half of any losses incurred under a $1.5 billion surety
policy securing outstanding commercial paper issued by an affiliate of Berkadia. As of December 31, 2017, the
aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding was $1.47 billion. This commitment is not included in the table
above as the timing of payments, if any, is uncertain.

In the normal course of business Jefferies and certain other subsidiaries engage in other off-balance sheet arrangements,
including derivative contracts. Neither derivatives’ notional amounts nor underlying instrument values are reflected as
assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Rather, the fair values of derivative contracts
are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Trading assets – Derivative contracts or Trading
liabilities – Derivative contracts as applicable. Derivative contracts are reflected net of cash paid or received pursuant
to credit support agreements and are reported on a net by counterparty basis when a legal right of offset exists under
an enforceable master netting agreement. For additional information about our accounting policies and our derivative
activities see Notes 2, 4 and 5 in our consolidated financial statements.

We are routinely involved with variable interest entities (“VIEs”) in the normal course of business. At December 31,
2017, we did not have any commitments to purchase assets from our VIEs. For additional information regarding VIEs,
see Notes 7 and 9 in our consolidated financial statements.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions
about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could significantly differ from those estimates. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical
accounting estimates, which are those that are important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of
operations and require our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.

Income Taxes – We record a valuation allowance to reduce our net deferred tax asset to the amount that is more likely
than not to be realized. If in the future we determine that it is more likely than not that we will be able to realize our
net deferred tax asset in excess of our recorded amount, an adjustment to increase the net deferred tax asset would

55

increase income in such period. If in the future we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of
its recorded net deferred tax asset, an adjustment to decrease the net deferred tax asset would be charged to income in
such period. We are required to consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, and to weigh the evidence
when determining whether a valuation allowance is required and the amount of such valuation allowance. Generally,
greater weight is required to be placed on objectively verifiable evidence when making this assessment, in particular
on recent historical operating results.

Our estimate of future taxable income considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, about our operating
businesses and investments, includes an aggregation of individual projections for each significant operating business
and investment, estimated apportionment factors for state and local taxing jurisdictions and includes all future years
that we estimate we will have available NOLs. As discussed further in Note 20, Federal NOLs begin to expire in 2023,
with a substantial amount expiring between 2023 and 2025. We believe that our estimate of future taxable income is
reasonable but inherently uncertain, and if our current or future operations and investments generate taxable income
different than the projected amounts, further adjustments to the valuation allowance are possible. The current balance
of the deferred tax valuation allowance principally reserves for NOLs of certain subsidiaries that are not available to
offset income generated by other members of the consolidated tax return group.

We also record reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based on our assessment of the probability of successfully
sustaining  tax  filing  positions. Management  exercises  significant  judgment  when  assessing  the  probability  of
successfully sustaining tax filing positions, and in determining whether a contingent tax liability should be recorded
and if so estimating the amount. If our tax filing positions are successfully challenged, payments could be required
that are in excess of reserved amounts or we may be required to reduce the carrying amount of our net deferred tax
asset, either of which could be significant to our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition or results of operations.

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax
Act. The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code that will impact many areas of taxation,
including, but not limited to, (1) reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; (2) elimination of
the corporate alternative minimum tax; (3) the introduction of the base erosion anti-abuse tax, a new minimum tax; (4)
a general elimination of U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (5) a new provision designed
to tax global intangible low-taxed income; (6) a new limitation on deductible interest expense; (7) the repeal of the
domestic production activity deduction; (8) limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation; (9)
limitations on the use of foreign tax credits to reduce U.S. income tax liability; (10) limitations on NOLs generated
after December 31, 2017, to 80% of taxable income; (11) requiring a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated
earnings of foreign subsidiaries that is payable over eight years; and (12) bonus depreciation that will allow for full
expensing of qualified property.

On December 22, 2017, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (“SAB 118”), which provides guidance
on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond
one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740, Income Taxes.
SAB 118 provides a three-step process to be applied at each reporting period to account for and qualitatively disclose:
(1) the effects of the change in tax law for which accounting is complete; (2) provisional amounts (or adjustments to
provisional amounts) for the effects of the tax law where accounting is not complete, but that a reasonable estimate has
been determined; and (3) where a reasonable estimate cannot yet be made and therefore taxes are reflected in accordance
with the law prior to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.

Due to the complex nature of the Tax Act, we have not completed our accounting for the income tax effects of certain
elements of the Tax Act. If we were able to make reasonable estimates of the effects of certain elements for which our
analysis is not yet complete, we recorded a provisional estimate in the financial statements. If we were not yet able to
make reasonable estimates of the impact of certain elements, we have not recorded any adjustments related to those
elements and have continued accounting for them in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of the tax laws in effect
before the Tax Act. The ultimate impact of the Tax Act may differ from this estimate, possibly materially, due to changes
in interpretations and assumptions, and guidance that may be issued and actions we may take in response to the Tax Act.
We note that the Tax Act is complex and we continue to assess the impact that various provisions will have on our business.

Since the Tax Act was passed late in the fourth quarter of 2017, and ongoing guidance and accounting interpretation
are expected over the next 12 months, we consider the accounting for the deferred tax asset remeasurements, the

56

transition tax, and other items to be incomplete due to the forthcoming guidance and our ongoing analysis of final
year-end data and tax positions. In connection with our initial analysis, we have recorded a discrete tax expense of
$450.5 million as a provisional estimate of the impact of the Tax Act during 2017 increasing our effective tax rate by
44.4% to 75.1%. This provisional estimate primarily consists of a $415.0 million expense related to the revaluation of
our deferred tax asset and a $35.5 million expense related to the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments – Trading assets and trading liabilities are recorded at fair value, either as required
by accounting pronouncements or through the fair value option election. Trading assets and trading liabilities include
Jefferies trading activities and financial instruments of other consolidated entities that are accounted for through the
fair value option election. Gains and losses on trading assets and trading liabilities are recognized in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations. Available for sale securities are reflected at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses
reflected as a separate component of equity, net of taxes. When sold, realized gains and losses on available for sale
securities are reflected in the caption Net realized securities gains. Fair value is the amount that would be received to
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date (the exit price).

In determining fair value, we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs by
requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs
reflect our assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best
information available in the circumstances. We apply a hierarchy to categorize our fair value measurements broken
down into three levels based on the transparency of inputs as follows:

Level 1: Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date.

Level 2: Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly
observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments includes cash instruments for which
quoted prices are available but traded less frequently, derivative instruments fair values for which have been derived
using model inputs that are directly observable in the market, or can be derived principally from or corroborated
by observable market data, and instruments that are fair valued using other financial instruments, the parameters
of which can be directly observed.

Level 3: Instruments that have little to no pricing observability as of the reported date. These financial instruments
are measured using management’s best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination of fair value
require significant management judgment or estimation.

Fair value is a market based measure; therefore, when market observable inputs are not available, our judgment is
applied to reflect those judgments that a market participant would use in valuing the same asset or liability. The
availability of observable inputs can vary for different products. We use prices and inputs that are current as of the
measurement date even in periods of market disruption or illiquidity. The valuation of financial instruments classified
in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy involves the greatest amount of management judgment.

Jefferies  Independent  Price Verification  Group,  independent  of  its  trading  function,  plays  an  important  role  in
determining that financial instruments are appropriately valued and that fair value measurements are reliable. This is
particularly important where prices or valuations that require inputs are less observable. In the event that observable
inputs are not available, the control processes are designed to assure that the valuation approach utilized is appropriate
and consistently applied and that the assumptions are reasonable. Where a pricing model is used to determine fair
value, these control processes include reviews of the pricing model’s theoretical soundness and appropriateness by risk
management personnel with relevant expertise who are independent from the trading desks. In addition, recently
executed  comparable  transactions  and  other  observable  market  data  are  considered  for  purposes  of  validating
assumptions underlying the model.

We estimate the fair value of our term loan to FXCM by using valuation models with inputs including management’s
assumptions concerning the amount and timing of expected cash flows, the loan’s implied credit rating and effective
yield. We also engaged an independent valuation firm to assist management in estimating the fair value of our equity
interest in FXCM in the first quarter of 2017. Our estimate of fair value was based on a discounted cash flow and
comparable public company analysis.

57

For further information on the fair value definition, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3 and related valuation techniques, see
Notes 2 and 4 in our consolidated financial statements.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets – We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate, in management’s judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. When
testing for impairment, we group our long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which
identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (or asset group). The
determination of whether an asset group is recoverable is based on management’s estimate of undiscounted future cash
flows directly attributable to the asset group as compared to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the asset
group is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its estimated fair value.

We recorded impairment charges related to long-lived assets of $10.1 million in 2017, $71.1 million in 2016 and $27.7
million in 2015. The 2017 charge related to the write-downs of JETX’s unproved oil and gas properties. In the third
quarter of 2017, JETX decided to focus on its other higher returning acreage and as a result JETX wrote off the
remaining carrying value of $10.1 million for its Houston County acreage. $56.3 million of the 2016 charge related to
write-downs of JETX’s unproved oil and gas properties and $7.5 million related to the write-down of JETX assets held
for sale to fair value. In the third quarter of 2016, JETX curtailed development of its southern acreage in the East Eagle
Ford and its Houston County acreage. As a result, an impairment was recorded for the difference between the carrying
value and the estimated net realizable value of the acreage. $20.3 million of the 2015 charge related to JETX’s oil and
gas properties which were impacted by the decline in oil prices.

Impairment of Equity Method Investments – We evaluate equity method investments for impairment when operating
losses or other factors may indicate a decrease in value which is other than temporary. We consider a variety of factors
including economic conditions nationally and in their geographic areas of operation, adverse changes in the industry
in which they operate, declines in business prospects, deterioration in earnings, increasing costs of operations and other
relevant factors specific to the investee. Whenever we believe conditions or events indicate that one of these investments
might be significantly impaired, we obtain from such investee updated cash flow projections and impairment analyses
of the investee assets. We use this information and, together with discussions with the investee’s management, evaluate
if the book value of its investment exceeds its fair value, and if so and the situation is deemed other than temporary,
record an impairment charge.

During 2017, we recorded an impairment charge of $130.2 million related to the write-down to fair value of our equity
investment in FXCM. As discussed above, we engaged an independent valuation firm to assist management in
estimating the fair value of our equity interest in FXCM in the first quarter of 2017. Our estimate of fair value was
based on a discounted cash flow and comparable public company analysis. We concluded based on the regulatory
actions, FXCM’s restructuring plan described further in Note 4, investor perception and declines in the trading price
of Global Brokerage’s common shares and convertible debt, that the decline in fair value of our equity interest was
other than temporary. As such, we impaired our equity investment in FXCM.

Goodwill – We allocate the acquisition cost of consolidated businesses to the specific tangible and intangible assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their fair values. Significant judgments and estimates are often made by
management to determine these values, and may include the use of appraisals, consideration of market quotes for
similar transactions, use of discounted cash flow techniques or consideration of other information we believe to be
relevant. Any excess acquisition cost over the fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill, which is
not amortized to expense. Substantially all of our goodwill was recognized in connection with the Jefferies acquisition.

At least annually, and more frequently if warranted, we assess whether goodwill has been impaired at the reporting
unit level. In testing for goodwill impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether
the existence of events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we conclude
that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing
the two-step impairment test is not necessary. If we conclude otherwise, we are required to perform the two-step
quantitative impairment test. In the first step, the fair value of each reporting unit is compared with its carrying value,
including goodwill and allocated intangible assets. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, the goodwill for
the reporting unit is considered not to be impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying value then a second step

58

is performed in order to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any, which is based on comparing the implied
fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill to the carrying value.

The fair values are based on valuation techniques that we believe market participants would use, although the valuation
process requires significant judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The
methodologies we utilize in estimating fair value include price-to-earnings and price-to-book multiples of comparable
public companies and/or projected cash flows. In addition, as the fair values determined under a market approach
represent a noncontrolling interest, we applied a control premium to arrive at the estimated fair value of our reporting
units on a controlling basis. The estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value could have a significant
effect on whether or not an impairment charge is recorded and the magnitude of such a charge. Adverse market or
economic events could result in impairment charges in future periods.

An independent valuation specialist was engaged to assist with the valuation process relating to Jefferies for our annual
goodwill impairment test as of August 1, 2017. The results of this test indicated the fair value of Jefferies was in excess
of  the  carrying  value.  However,  the  valuation  methodology  is  sensitive  to  comparable  company  multiples  and
management’s forecasts of future profitability, which comes with a level of uncertainty regarding U.S. and global
economic conditions, trading volumes and equity and debt capital market transaction levels. The fair value of our
reporting units, including Jefferies, is also impacted by our overall market capitalization. If the future were to differ
adversely from these assumptions or there was a sustained decline in our market capitalization, the estimated fair value
of Jefferies may decline and result in an impairment.

Intangible Assets – Intangible assets deemed to have finite lives are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over
their estimated useful lives, where the useful life is the period over which the asset is expected to contribute directly,
or indirectly, to our future cash flows. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis when certain
events or circumstances exist. If future undiscounted cash flows are estimated to be less than the carrying amounts of
the asset groups used to generate those cash flows in subsequent reporting periods, particularly for those with large
investments in amortizable intangible assets, impairment charges would have to be recorded.

An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more
frequently, when certain events or circumstances exist indicating an assessment for impairment is necessary. Impairment
exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined using valuation techniques consistent
with what a market participant would use. All of our indefinite-lived intangible assets were recognized in connection
with  the  Jefferies  acquisition,  which  consists  of  exchange  and  clearing  organization  membership  interests  and
registrations. Our annual impairment testing date is as of August 1, 2017.

Compensation and Benefits – A portion of Jefferies compensation and benefits represents discretionary bonuses, which
are finalized at year end. In addition to the level of net revenues, Jefferies overall compensation expense in any given
year is influenced by prevailing labor markets, revenue mix, profitability, individual and business performance metrics,
and use of share-based compensation programs. We believe the most appropriate way to allocate Jefferies estimated
annual total compensation among interim periods is in proportion to projected net revenues earned. Consequently,
during the year we accrue Jefferies compensation and benefits based on annual targeted compensation ratios, taking
into account the mix of its revenues and the timing of expense recognition.

Contingencies – In the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in legal and
regulatory proceedings. We are also involved, from time to time, in other exams, investigations and similar reviews
(both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our businesses, certain of which
may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other injunctions.

We recognize a liability for a contingency when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss
can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a probable loss is a range, we accrue the most likely amount
of such loss, and if such amount is not determinable, then we accrue the minimum in the range as the loss accrual. The
determination of the outcome and loss estimates requires significant judgment on the part of management, can be
highly subjective and is subject to significant change with the passage of time as more information becomes available.
Estimating the ultimate impact of litigation matters is inherently uncertain, in particular because the ultimate outcome
will rest on events and decisions of others that may not be within our power to control. We do not believe that any of
our current litigation will have a significant adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations

59

or liquidity; however, if amounts paid at the resolution of litigation are in excess of recorded reserve amounts, the
excess could be significant in relation to results of operations for that period. For further information, see Note 24 in
our consolidated financial statements.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

The following includes “forward-looking statements” that involve risk and uncertainties. Actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The discussion of risk is presented separately for
Jefferies and the balance of our company. Exclusive of Jefferies, our market risk arises principally from interest rate
risk related to our financial instruments owned and equity price risk.

As more fully discussed in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements, we own approximately 46.6 million common
shares of HRG, representing approximately 23% of HRG’s outstanding common shares, which are accounted for under
the fair value option and included within Trading assets at fair value of $789.9 million at December 31, 2017. Assuming
a decline of 10% in market prices, the value of our investment in HRG could decrease by approximately $79.0 million.
Excluding Jefferies and HRG, Financial instruments owned include corporate equity securities with an aggregate fair
value of $659.6 million at December 31, 2017. Assuming a decline of 10% in market prices, the value of these
investments would decrease by approximately $66.0 million.

Jefferies

The potential for changes in the value of financial instruments is referred to as market risk. Jefferies market risk
generally represents the risk of loss that may result from a change in the value of a financial instrument as a result of
fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates, along with
the level of volatility. Interest rate risks result primarily from exposure to changes in the yield curve, the volatility of
interest rates, and credit spreads. Equity price risks result from exposure to changes in prices and volatilities of individual
equities, equity baskets and equity indices. Commodity price risks result from exposure to the changes in prices and
volatilities of individual commodities, commodity baskets and commodity indices.

Market risk arises from market making, proprietary trading, underwriting, specialist and investing activities. Jefferies
seeks to manage its exposure to market risk by diversifying exposures, controlling position sizes, and establishing
economic hedges in related securities or derivatives. Due to imperfections in correlations, gains and losses can occur
even for positions that are hedged. Position limits in trading and inventory accounts are established and monitored on
an ongoing basis. Each day, consolidated position and exposure reports are prepared and distributed to various levels
of management, which enable management to monitor inventory levels and results of the trading groups.

Value-at-Risk

Within Jefferies, Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) is used as a measurement of market risk using a model that simulates revenue
and loss distributions on its trading portfolios by applying historical market changes to the current portfolio. Using the
results of this simulation, VaR measures the potential loss in value of its financial instruments due to adverse market
movements over a specified time horizon at a given confidence level. Jefferies calculates a one-day VaR using a one
year look-back period measured at a 95% confidence level.

As with all measures of VaR, the estimate has inherent limitations due to the assumption that historical changes in market
conditions are representative of the future. Furthermore, the VaR model measures the risk of a current static position
over a one-day horizon and might not capture the market risk of positions that cannot be liquidated or offset with hedges
in a one-day period. Published VaR results reflect past trading positions while future risk depends on future positions.

While Jefferies believes the assumptions and inputs in its risk model are reasonable, Jefferies could incur losses greater
than the reported VaR because the historical market prices and rates changes may not be an accurate measure of future
market events and conditions. Consequently, this VaR estimate is only one of a number of tools Jefferies uses in its
daily risk management activities. When comparing the VaR numbers to those of other firms, it is important to remember
that different methodologies and assumptions could produce significantly different results.

60

The following table illustrates each separate component of VaR for each component of market risk by interest rate,
equity, currency and commodity products, as well as for Jefferies overall trading positions using the past 365 days of
historical data. The aggregated VaR presented here is less than the sum of the individual components (i.e., interest rate
risk, foreign exchange rate risk, equity risk and commodity price risk) due to the benefit of diversification among the
four risk categories. Diversification benefit equals the difference between aggregated VaR and the sum of VaRs for the
four risk categories and arises because the market risk categories are not perfectly correlated. Since we consolidate
Jefferies on a one month lag, all amounts reported are for Jefferies annual fiscal periods.

                                                                                                                           Daily VaR (1)
                                                                                                        Value-at-Risk In Trading Portfolios
                                                                                     __________________________________________________

VaR at                     Daily VaR for the Year Ended

December 31, 2017                    December 31, 2017
(In millions)
________________     _______________________________
Risk Categories                                                                                     Average            High             Low
______________                                                                                   _______            ____            ____
$ 5.11            $  9.59           $2.63
Interest Rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5.17              17.20             2.52
Equity Prices  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
0.22                0.65             0.06
Currency Rates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
0.73                2.20             0.27
Commodity Prices  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(3.44)              N/A             N/A
Diversification Effect (2)  . . . . . . . . .
______
            
$ 7.79            $17.55           $4.52
Firmwide  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
            
______
            
______

$ 3.38
2.90
0.18
0.35
(1.86)
______
$ 4.95
______
______

                                                                                                                           Daily VaR (1)
                                                                                                          Value-at-Risk In Trading Portfolios
                                                                                     __________________________________________________

VaR at                       Daily VaR for the Year Ended

December 31, 2016                     December 31, 2016
(In millions)
________________     _______________________________
Risk Categories                                                                                      Average            High             Low
______________                                                                                   _______            ____            ____
$  4.96            $  6.99           $3.43
Interest Rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5.42                9.55             2.60
Equity Prices  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Currency Rates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
0.41                3.01             0.07
Commodity Prices . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
0.84                2.44             0.31
Diversification Effect (2)  . . . . . . . .
(3.72)              N/A             N/A
______
            
$  7.91            $11.40           $4.30
Firmwide  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
            
______
            
______

$  5.82
6.71
0.19
0.51
(4.79)
______
$  8.44
______
______

(1)   For the VaR numbers reported above, a one-day time horizon, with a one year look-back period, and a 95%

confidence level were used.

(2)   The diversification effect is not applicable for the maximum and minimum VaR values as the Jefferies VaR and

VaR values for the four risk categories might have occurred on different days during the year.

Average daily VaR slightly declined to $7.79 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 from $7.91 million for the
year ended December 31, 2016. The slight decline was due to lower equity, currency rate and commodity price risk,
partially offset by an increase in interest rate risk and a lower diversification benefit.

The primary method used to test the efficacy of the VaR model is to compare actual daily net revenue for those positions
included in the VaR calculation with the daily VaR estimate. This evaluation is performed at various levels of the trading
portfolio, from the holding company level down to specific business lines. For the VaR model, trading related revenue
is defined as principal transaction revenue, trading related commissions, revenue from securitization activities and net
interest income. For a 95% confidence one day VaR model (i.e., no intra-day trading), assuming current changes in
market value are consistent with the historical changes used in the calculation, net trading losses would not be expected
to exceed the VaR estimates more than twelve times on an annual basis (i.e., once in every 20 days). During 2017,
results of the evaluation at the aggregate level demonstrated no days when the net trading loss exceeded the 95% one
day VaR.

Certain  positions  within  financial  instruments  are  not  included  in  the VaR  model  because VaR  is  not  the  most
appropriate measure of risk. Accordingly, Jefferies Risk Management has additional procedures in place to assure that
the level of potential loss that would arise from market movements are within acceptable levels. Such procedures

61

include performing stress tests, monitoring concentration risk and tracking price target/stop loss levels. The table below
presents the potential reduction in net income associated with a 10% stress of the fair value of the positions that are
not included in the VaR model at December 31, 2017 (in thousands):

                                                                                                                                                10% Sensitivity
                                                                                                                                                _____________

Private investments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 $15,464
Corporate debt securities in default  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   13,755
Trade claims  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     3,141

VaR also excludes the impact of changes in Jefferies own credit spreads on its structured notes for which the fair value
option was elected. The estimated credit spread risk sensitivity for each one basis point widening in Jefferies own credit
spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected was an increase in value of approximately
$0.7 million at December 31, 2017.

There were 14 days with trading losses out of a total of 252 trading days in 2017.

Scenario Analysis and Stress Tests

While VaR measures potential losses due to adverse changes in historical market prices and rates, Jefferies uses stress
testing to analyze the potential impact of specific events or moderate or extreme market moves on its current portfolio
both firm wide and within business segments. Stress scenarios comprise both historical market price and rate changes
and hypothetical market environments, and generally involve simultaneous changes of many risk factors. Indicative
market changes in Jefferies scenarios include, but are not limited to, a large widening of credit spreads, a substantial
decline in equities markets, significant moves in selected emerging markets, large moves in interest rates, changes in
the shape of the yield curve and large moves in European markets. In addition, Jefferies also performs ad hoc stress
tests and adds new scenarios as market conditions dictate. Because Jefferies stress scenarios are meant to reflect market
moves that occur over a period of time, its estimates of potential loss assume some level of position reduction for liquid
positions. Unlike Jefferies VaR, which measures potential losses within a given confidence interval, stress scenarios
do not have an associated implied probability; rather, stress testing is used to estimate the potential loss from market
moves that tend to be larger than those embedded in the VaR calculation.

Stress testing is performed and reported regularly as part of the risk management process. Stress testing is used to
assess Jefferies aggregate risk position as well as for limit setting and risk/reward analysis.

Counterparty Credit Risk and Issuer Country Exposure

Counterparty Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a counterparty’s credit worthiness or its ability or willingness
to meet its financial obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of a financial contract. Jefferies is exposed
to credit risk as trading counterparty to other broker-dealers and customers, as a direct lender and through extending
loan commitments, as a holder of securities and as a member of exchanges and clearing organizations.

It is critical to Jefferies financial soundness and profitability that Jefferies properly and effectively identify, assess,
monitor  and  manage  the  various  credit  and  counterparty  risks  inherent  in  its  businesses.  Credit  is  extended  to
counterparties in a controlled manner in order to generate acceptable returns, whether such credit is granted directly
or is incidental to a transaction. All extensions of credit are monitored and managed on a Jefferies enterprise level in
order to limit exposure to loss related to credit risk.

Jefferies employs a Credit Risk Framework, which is responsible for identifying credit risks throughout its operating
businesses, establishing counterparty limits and managing and monitoring those credit limits. Jefferies framework includes:

• defining credit limit guidelines and credit limit approval processes;
• providing a consistent and integrated credit risk framework across the enterprise;
• approving counterparties and counterparty limits with parameters set by its Risk Management Committee;

62

• negotiating, approving and monitoring credit terms in legal and master documentation;
• delivering credit limits to all relevant sales and trading desks;
• maintaining credit reviews for all active and new counterparties;
• operating a control function for exposure analytics and exception management and reporting;
• determining the analytical standards and risk parameters for on-going management and monitoring of global

credit risk books;

• actively managing daily exposure, exceptions, and breaches;
• monitoring daily margin call activity and counterparty performance (in concert with the Margin Department);

and
setting the minimum global requirements for systems, reports, and technology.

•

Jefferies Credit Exposures

Credit exposure exists across a wide-range of products, which includes the following:

• Loans and lending, arising in connection with Jefferies capital markets activities and forward settling traded

loans;

• Securities  and  margin  finance,  which  represents  securities  financing  transactions  (reverse  repurchase

agreements, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements);

• OTC derivatives, which are reported net by counterparty when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable

master netting agreement, and includes forward settling trades; and

• Cash and cash equivalents, which include both interest-bearing and non-interest bearing deposits at banks.

Current counterparty credit exposures are summarized in the table below and provided by credit quality, region and
industry.  Credit  exposures  presented  take  netting  and  collateral  into  consideration  by  counterparty  and  master
agreement. Collateral taken into consideration includes both collateral received as cash as well as collateral received
in the form of securities or other arrangements. Current exposure is the loss that would be incurred on a particular set
of positions in the event of default by the counterparty, assuming no recovery. Current exposure equals the fair value
of the positions less collateral. Issuer risk is the credit risk arising from inventory positions (for example, corporate
debt securities and secondary bank loans). Issuer risk is included in Jefferies country risk exposure tables below. Of
Jefferies counterparty credit exposure at December 31, 2017, excluding cash and cash equivalents, the percentage of
exposure from investment grade counterparties increased to 92% from 82% at December 31, 2016, with a majority
concentrated in North America.

When comparing Jefferies credit exposure at December 31, 2017 with credit exposure at December 31, 2016, excluding
cash  and  cash  equivalents,  current  exposure  increased  to  approximately  $1,353  million  from  $1,247  million.
Counterparty credit exposure increased over the year by 24% from OTC derivatives, primarily driven by investment
grade North American banks and broker-dealers, and by 22% from securities and margin finance, primarily driven by
investment grade European banks and broker-dealers. Counterparty credit exposure from Jefferies loans and lending
portfolio decreased by 46%, primarily attributed to North American loans.

63

The amounts in the tables below are for amounts included in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at
December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in millions).

Counterparty Credit Exposure by Credit Rating

December 31, 2017
________________
AAA Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
AA Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BBB Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BB or Lower  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrated  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
        

December 31, 2016
________________
AAA Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
AA Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BBB Range  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BB or Lower  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrated  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
Total
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
        

Loans and
Lending
_________
$   –

47.7
1.2
0.5
12.5
70.1
______
$132.0
______
______

$   –

44.0
4.2
4.9
100.1
93.5
______
$246.7
______
______

Counterparty Credit Exposure by Region

December 31, 2017
________________
Asia/Latin America/Other  . . . . . .
Europe  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
North America  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
        

December 31, 2016
________________
Asia/Latin America/Other  . . . . . .
Europe  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
North America  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
        

Loans and
Lending
_________
$    3.0
1.0
128.0
______
$132.0
______
______

$    4.9

–

241.8
______
$246.7
______
______

Counterparty Credit Exposure by Industry

December 31, 2017
________________
Asset Managers  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Banks, Broker-dealers  . . . . . . . . .
Commodities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
        

December 31, 2016
________________
Asset Managers  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Banks, Broker-dealers  . . . . . . . . .
Commodities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
        
        

Loans and
Lending
_________
$  –

1.7
–
87.5
42.8
______
$132.0
______
______

$   –

0.2
–

204.4
42.1
______
$246.7
______
______

Securities
and Margin
___________

Total with Cash

______________

OTC

Total
_____

Equivalents

Derivatives
__________

Cash and Cash
_____________

Finance
$    6.4              $   –            $   

and Cash
Equivalents
6.4           $2,924.2              $2,930.6
61.3                    3.8             112.8                158.6                   271.4
603.0                260.6             864.8             1,751.9                2,616.7
232.5                  28.5             261.5                152.3                   413.8
8.1                  16.7               37.3                100.6                   137.9
–                       –                    70.1                  76.9                   147.0
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
$911.3              $309.6        $1,352.9           $5,164.5              $6,517.4
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
______              ______        _______           _______              _______

$   –                   $   –            $     –                $2,601.8              $2,601.8
87.3                    2.1             133.4                  37.0                   170.4
539.2                214.7             758.1                814.1                1,572.2
117.3                    9.4             131.6                  51.2                   182.8
6.2                  23.8             130.1                  25.1                   155.2
–                       –                    93.5                    0.3                     93.8
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
$750.0              $250.0        $1,246.7           $3,529.5              $4,776.2
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
______              ______        _______           _______              _______

Securities
and Margin
___________

OTC

Total
_____

Derivatives
__________

Cash and Cash
_____________

and Cash
Equivalents
Finance
49.1           $ 280.7              $ 329.8
$  45.8              $    0.3        $ 
403.5                  54.0             458.5                540.0                   998.5
462.0                255.3             845.3             4,343.8                5,189.1
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
$911.3              $309.6        $1,352.9           $5,164.5              $6,517.4
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
______              ______        _______           _______              _______

Equivalents

______________

Total with Cash

$  16.3              $  32.7        $ 
53.9           $ 165.8              $ 219.7
234.4                  20.9             255.3                248.0                   503.3
499.3                196.4             937.5             3,115.7                4,053.2
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
$750.0              $250.0        $1,246.7           $3,529.5              $4,776.2
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
______              ______        _______           _______              _______

Securities
and Margin
___________

OTC

and Cash
Equivalents
Finance
$  15.9              $    7.1        $ 
23.0           $2,920.3              $2,943.3
620.8                282.6             905.1             2,244.2                3,149.3

Cash and Cash
_____________

Derivatives
__________

Equivalents

Total
_____

______________

Total with Cash

–                       –                    –                       –                           –
–                      14.7             102.2                  –                         102.2
274.6                    5.2             322.6                  –                         322.6
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
$911.3              $309.6        $1,352.9           $5,164.5              $6,517.4
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
______              ______        _______           _______              _______

$  39.7              $  10.9        $ 
50.6           $2,599.5              $2,650.1
435.9                170.4             606.5                930.0                1,536.5
–                        3.3                 3.3                  –                             3.3
–                      18.4             222.8                  –                         222.8
274.4                  47.0             363.5                  –                         363.5
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
$750.0              $250.0        $1,246.7           $3,529.5              $4,776.2
______              ______        _______           _______              _______
______              ______        _______           _______              _______

64

For additional information regarding credit exposure to OTC derivative contracts, see Note 5 in the consolidated
financial statements.

Jefferies Country Risk Exposure

Country risk is the risk that events or developments that occur in the general environment of a country or countries due
to economic, political, social, regulatory, legal or other factors, will affect the ability of obligors of the country to honor
their obligations. Jefferies defines the country of risk as the country of jurisdiction or domicile of the obligor.

The following tables reflect Jefferies top exposures to the sovereign governments, corporations and financial institutions
in those non-U.S. countries in which there is net long issuer and counterparty exposure, as reflected in our Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in millions):

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

December 31, 2017

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Issuer and 
                                                            Issuer Risk                                                    Counterparty Risk                            Counterparty Risk
                                  ____________________________________    _____________________________________    ____________________
Including

Net                             Securities                                              Excluding

Fair Value of Fair Value of
Long Debt
Short Debt
Securities
Securities
___________ ___________
$ 493.3
$ (396.2)
634.6
217.9
100.1
205.3
315.9
31.0
23.0
50.5
36.0
_______
$2,107.6
_______
_______

Derivative       Loans           and                                 Cash             Cash
Notional          and          Margin         OTC         and Cash      and Cash
and Cash
Exposure     Lending      Finance   Derivatives  Equivalents  Equivalents Equivalents
_________      _______    _________  __________    __________    _________ _________
$     98.2

$   276.3

$  78.9

$181.9

Cash

$  –

$    2.1

$   458.2
(394.4)               (72.1)             0.7             97.8             26.9               45.0             293.5             338.5
(181.3)                  7.5               –                  –                 –                151.6               44.1             195.7
(81.3)                  4.1               –               25.8               –                136.3               48.7             185.0
(164.7)             (128.5)              –               17.3           222.8                 7.4             152.2             159.6
(210.9)                  0.9               –               44.1               2.2                    –             152.2             152.2
(16.9)                 (1.1)              –               54.3               3.3                 4.5               70.6               75.1
(25.1)                 –                   –                 1.0               –                  58.7                (1.1)             57.6
(14.0)                  0.3               –               15.0               0.3                 4.7               52.1               56.8
(4.2)                 –                   –                  –                 –                  24.7               31.8               56.5
________           ________            ____         ______         ______           ______        _______        _______
$(1,489.0)
$1,735.2
________           ________            ____         ______         ______           ______        _______        _______
________           ________            ____         ______         ______           ______        _______        _______

$    (90.7)

$1,120.4

$334.2

$257.6

$614.8

$ 0.7

Germany  . . . . . . .
United Kingdom . .
Spain  . . . . . . . . . .
Japan  . . . . . . . . . .
Canada . . . . . . . . .
Netherlands  . . . . .
Switzerland  . . . . .
Hong Kong  . . . . .
Australia  . . . . . . .
Singapore  . . . . . .
Total  . . . . . . . . . .

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

December 31, 2016

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Issuer and 
                                                            Issuer Risk                                                      Counterparty Risk                               Counterparty Risk
                                  ____________________________________    _____________________________________    ____________________
Including

Net                             Securities                                               Excluding

$  –

Fair Value of Fair Value of
Short Debt
Long Debt
Securities
Securities
__________
__________
$ 318.9
$ (166.4)
1,069.8
356.2
290.1
210.4
34.0
80.7
124.4
36.2
15.2
_______
$2,535.9
_______
_______

Derivative       Loans            and                                  Cash              Cash
Notional           and           Margin          OTC          and Cash       and Cash
and Cash
Exposure      Lending       Finance    Derivatives   Equivalents   Equivalents Equivalents
_________      _______    _________  __________    __________    _________ _________
$   815.3

$1,055.0

$  86.9

$111.9

Cash

$    0.3

$1,166.9
(844.2)                69.8               –                  –                 0.2                 –                295.6             295.6
(538.4)              419.5               –               24.8               3.4                 –                265.5             265.5
(136.4)               (12.7)              –               61.0             13.4               37.7             215.4             253.1
(151.7)                 –                   –                  –                 0.3               50.2               59.0             109.2
(30.2)                  1.3               –                 0.5               –                  79.1                 5.6               84.7
(33.6)                12.1               –               11.4               2.2                 4.1               72.8               76.9
(61.2)                  4.4               –                 0.6               –                    –                  68.2               68.2
(9.6)                  3.9               –                  –                 –                  16.1               30.5               46.6
(0.7)                 –                   –                  –               27.1                 –                  41.6               41.6
________           ________            ____         ______         ______           ______        _______        _______
$(1,972.4)
$2,408.3
________           ________            ____         ______         ______           ______        _______        _______
________           ________            ____         ______         ______           ______        _______        _______

$1,313.6

$2,109.2

$  46.9

$299.1

$185.2

$  –

Germany  . . . . . . .
Italy  . . . . . . . . . . .
France  . . . . . . . . .
United Kingdom . .
Spain  . . . . . . . . . .
Hong Kong  . . . . .
Switzerland  . . . . .
Ireland  . . . . . . . . .
Singapore  . . . . . .
Qatar  . . . . . . . . . .
Total  . . . . . . . . . .

Jefferies’ net issuer and counterparty risk exposure to Puerto Rico was $29.7 million, as reflected in our Consolidated
Statement of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017, is in connection with its municipal securities market-making
activities. The government of Puerto Rico is seeking to restructure much of its $73.8 billion in debt on a voluntary
basis. At December 31, 2017, Jefferies had no other material exposure to countries where either sovereign or non-
sovereign sectors potentially pose potential default risk as the result of liquidity concerns.

Other than our trading portfolio, our financial instrument portfolio is primarily classified as available for sale, and
consequently, is recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in equity. Included in our available for
sale portfolio are fixed income securities, which comprised approximately 88% of the total available for sale portfolio

65

at December 31, 2017. These fixed income securities are primarily rated “investment grade” or are U.S. governmental
agency issued or U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises. The estimated weighted average remaining life of these
fixed income securities was approximately 0.5 years at December 31, 2017. Our fixed income securities, like all fixed
income  instruments,  are  subject  to  interest  rate  risk  and  will  fall  in  value  if  market  interest  rates  increase. At
December 31, 2016, fixed income securities comprised approximately 74% of the total portfolio and had an estimated
weighted average remaining life of approximately 0.9 years.

Also included in the available for sale portfolio are equity securities, which are recorded at an aggregate fair value of
$88.5 million (aggregate cost of $52.6 million) and which comprised approximately 12% of our total available for sale
portfolio at December 31, 2017. We evaluate our portfolio for impairment on a quarterly basis.

The following table provides information about our financial instruments used for purposes other than trading that are
primarily sensitive to changes in interest rates.

$    –

$     –

$     –

$      –

$      –

$552,805

For additional information see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                Expected Maturity Date
                                                                                                                                                                 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                        2018              2019            2020            2021           2022        Thereafter       Total         Fair Value
                                                                                                                                                                         _______                            _______                         _______                         _______                       _______                ________________               _______                 _______________
                                                                                                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
Rate Sensitive Assets:
Available for Sale Fixed Income Securities:
    U.S. Government  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 552,805
          Weighted-Average Interest Rate . . . . . . .
    0.28%
    Residential mortgage-backed:
         Rated Investment Grade  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $     5,519
          Weighted-Average Interest Rate . . . . . . .
    3.12%
    Rated Less Than Investment
         Grade/Not Rated  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $     2,779
          Weighted-Average Interest Rate . . . . . . .
    3.20%
    Commercial mortgage-backed:
         Rated Investment Grade  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $     –
          Weighted-Average Interest Rate . . . . . . .
         Rated Less Than Investment
          Grade/Not Rated  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $     –
          Weighted-Average Interest Rate . . . . . . .
    Other asset-backed:
         Rated Investment Grade  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $   19,423
          Weighted-Average Interest Rate . . . . . . .
    3.48%
         Rated Less Than Investment
          Grade/Not Rated  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $        788
          Weighted-Average Interest Rate  . . . . . . .
    4.50%

$    5,092 $  22,210
   3.11%

$    1,897 $  12,351
   5.46%

$      583
  5.40%

$   1,643
  3.05%

$     –
            

$     –
            

$  2,003
 3.55%

$     706
 5.24%

$  2,218
 3.02%

$  1,503
 3.18%

$  3,003
 3.28%

$  6,691
 4.29%

$  4,854
 3.30%

$  3,247
 3.39%

$     864
 5.25%

$  2,884
 3.06%

$  3,139
 3.57%

$  4,944
 3.63%

$  1,490
 4.52%

$     3,003

$ 552,805

$     2,278

$    2,867

$    2,867

$    3,003

$    2,278

$  32,561

$  32,561

$  12,351

$  22,210

              

              

$      –

$      –

$      –

$      –

$      –

$      –

$      –

$      –

$     –

$    –

$    –

We are also subject to interest rate risk on our long-term fixed interest rate debt. Generally, the fair market value of
debt securities with a fixed interest rate will increase as interest rates fall, and the fair market value will decrease as
interest rates rise. The following table represents principal cash flows by expected maturity dates for our consolidated
long-term debt obligations. For the variable rate borrowings, the weighted-average interest rates are based on implied
forward rates in the yield curve at the reporting date. Our market risk with respect to foreign currency exposure on our
long-term debt is also shown below. For additional information, see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                Expected Maturity Date
                                                                                                                                                                 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                        2018              2019            2020            2021           2022        Thereafter       Total         Fair Value
                                                                                                                                                                         _______                            _______                         _______                         _______                       _______                ________________               _______                 _______________
                                                                                                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
Rate Sensitive Liabilities:
Fixed Interest Rate Borrowings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 678,300
    Weighted-Average Interest Rate  . . . . . . . . . . .
Variable Interest Rate Borrowings  . . . . . . . . . . . . $   16,407
    Weighted-Average Interest Rate  . . . . . . . . . . .
Borrowings with Foreign Currency Exposure  . . . $     7,137
    Weighted-Average Interest Rate  . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 750,000 $   25,000 $4,443,909 $6,581,497 $7,076,326
    6.88%    3.00%        5.64%
$     2,656 $ 202,746 $     42,904 $  480,849

    5.13%     8.49%               
$125,217

    4.84%     3.62%    3.18%     3.96%    4.03%        3.83%

    1.07%     0.67%    2.38%               

$     4,758 $     90,398 $  702,965

   2.25%        3.75%

$   728,844

$   479,996

$     5,947

$ 684,288

$   90,919

$594,725

$      –

$     –

66

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Financial Statements and supplementary data required by this Item 8 are set forth at the pages indicated in Item 15(a)
below.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures

The Company’s management evaluated, with the participation of the Company’s principal executive and principal
financial officers, the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-
15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), as of December 31,
2017. Based on their evaluation, the Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that the
Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2017.

Changes in internal control over financial reporting

There has been no change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company’s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2017,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

• Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions

and disposition of the assets of the Company;

• Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
Company; and

• Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The Company’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2017. In making this assessment, the Company’s management used the criteria set forth in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in 2013.

67

Based on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2017, the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective.

The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 has been audited
by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears
herein in Item 8.

Item 9B.  Other Information.

None.

PART III

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance.

Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.

We have a Code of Business Practices, which is applicable to all directors, officers and employees, and is available on
our website. We intend to post amendments to or waivers from our Code of Business Practices on our website as
required by applicable law.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder
Matters.

Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.

68

PART IV

Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)(1)        Financial Statements.

                 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    F-1

                 Financial Statements:

                    Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017 and 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    F-4

                    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
                        2016 and 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    F-5

                    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended 
                        December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    F-7

                    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
                        2016 and 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    F-8

                    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
                        2016 and 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  F-10

                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  F-11

(2)        Financial Statement Schedules.

                 Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Leucadia National Corporation (Parent Company Only)

at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

(3)        See Exhibit Index below for a complete list of Exhibits to this report.

(b)

Exhibits.

                 We will furnish any exhibit upon request made to our Corporate Secretary, 520 Madison Avenue, New York,

NY 10022. We charge $.50 per page to cover expenses of copying and mailing.

                 All documents referenced below were filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by the Company,

file number 1-5721, unless otherwise indicated.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.

None.

Exhibit Index

3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 5.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K

dated July 14, 1993).*

3.2 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated as of May 14, 2002 (filed as Exhibit
3.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 (the
“2003 10-K”)).*

3.3 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated as of December 23, 2002 (filed as
Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002).*

3.4 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated as of May 13, 2004 (filed as Exhibit

3.5 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004).*

3.5 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated as of May 17, 2005 (filed as Exhibit
3.6 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (the
“2005 10-K”)).*

69

3.6 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated as of May 23, 2007 (filed as Exhibit

4.7 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-143770)).*

3.7 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation dated as of February 26, 2013 (filed as Exhibit
3.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 1, 2013 (the “March 1, 2013 Form 8-K”)).*

3.8 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation dated as of February 28, 2013 (filed as

Exhibit 3.8 to the March 1, 2013 Form 8-K).*

3.9 Amended and Restated By-laws of Leucadia National Corporation (effective February 23, 2017) (filed as
Exhibit 3.9 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016).*

4.1

The Company undertakes to furnish the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon written request, a
copy of all instruments with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith.

10.31 1999 Stock Option Plan as Amended and Restated (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Registration

Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-169377)).* +

10.32 Form of Grant Letter for the 1999 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current

Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2012 (the “February 24, 2012 8-K”)).* +

10.33 Leucadia National Corporation 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Appendix I to the Company’s

Proxy Statement dated June 27, 2013 (the “2013 Proxy Statement”)).* +

10.34 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on

Form 8-K dated July 31, 2013).* +

10.35 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K

dated July 31, 2013).* +

10.36 Leucadia National Corporation 1999 Directors’ Stock Compensation Plan (filed as Appendix II to the

2013 Proxy Statement).* +

10.37 Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement dated as of June 30, 2003 among the Company, Ian M.

Cumming and Joseph S. Steinberg (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the 2003 10-K).* +

10.38 Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 16, 2006, to the Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement dated
as of June 30, 2003, by and among Ian M. Cumming, Joseph S. Steinberg and the Company (filed as Exhibit
10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2006).* +

10.39 Services Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2004, between the Company and Joseph S. Steinberg (filed

as Exhibit 10.38 to the 2005 10-K).* +

10.40 Compensation Information Concerning Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to page 17

of the Company’s Proxy Statement dated April 18, 2017).* +

10.41 First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of National Beef Packing Company,

dated as of December 30, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the December 30, 2011 8-K).*

10.42 Cattle Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between National Beef Packing Company, LLC and U.S.
Premium Beef, LLC, dated as of December 30, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the December 30, 2011 
8-K).*

10.43 Summary of executive bonus compensation (filed in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated

January 24, 2018).* +

10.44 Summary of executive bonus compensation (filed in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated

January 24, 2017).* +

10.45 Summary  of  executive  compensation  for  Richard  B.  Handler  and  Brian  P.  Friedman  (filed  in  the

Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 28, 2017).* +

70

10.46 Summary  of  executive  compensation  for  Richard  B.  Handler  and  Brian  P.  Friedman  (filed  in  the

Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 22, 2016).* +

10.47 Summary  of  executive  compensation  for  Richard  B.  Handler  and  Brian  P.  Friedman  (filed  in  the

Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 19, 2016).* +

10.48 Agreement of Terms dated as of December 31, 2011 between Leucadia National Corporation and

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the February 24, 2012 8-K).*

10.49 Acknowledgement  to  Registration  Rights Agreement,  dated  as  of  March  18,  2014,  by  and  among
Harbinger Group Inc., Harbinger Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd., Global Opportunities Breakaway
Ltd., Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Fund, L.P. and Leucadia National Corporation (filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated March 18, 2014).*

10.50 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2014, by and between Harbinger Group Inc. and Leucadia
National Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated
March 18, 2014).*

10.51 Exchange Agreement by and among Harbinger Capital Group Partners Master Fund I, Ltd., Global
Opportunities Breakaway Ltd., Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Fund, L.P., and Leucadia
National Corporation (filed as Exhibit 99.5 to Schedule 13D filed March 28, 2014).*

10.52 Joinder Agreement to Registration Rights Agreement by and among Harbinger Capital Group Partners Master
Fund I, Ltd., Global Opportunities Breakaway Ltd., Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations Fund, L.P.,
and Leucadia National Corporation (filed as Exhibit 99.8 to Schedule 13D filed on March 28, 2014).*

10.53 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2014, by and between HomeFed Corporation and
Leucadia National Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K
dated April 3, 2014).*

21

Subsidiaries of the registrant.

23.1 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. with respect to the incorporation by reference into the Company’s
Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-169377), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form S-8 (No. 333-
143770), Form S-8 (No. 333-185318) and Form S-3ASR (No. 333-214759).

23.2 Consent  of  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP  with  respect  to  the  incorporation  by  reference  into  the
Company’s Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-169377), Form S-8 (No. 333-51494), Form
S-8 (No. 333-143770), Form S-8 (No. 333-185318) and Form S-3ASR (No. 333-214759).

31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**

32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**

101

Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Leucadia National Corporation for the
year ended December 31, 2017, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements and (vii) the Financial Statement Schedule.

____________________________
+     Management/Employment Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement.
*     Incorporated by reference.
**   Furnished herewith pursuant to item 601(b) (32) of Regulation S-K.

71

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                                     LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION

Date: February 26, 2018                                                       By:                             /s/ John M. Dalton
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     _________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                   Name: John M. Dalton
                                                                                                                                                          Title: Vice President and Controller

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, on the date set forth below.

           Date                                                                      Signature                                               Title
                     ________                                                                                                                                          _________________                                                                                             ________

February 26, 2018               By:            /s/ Joseph S. Steinberg               Chairman of the Board
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                     Joseph S. Steinberg

February 26, 2018               By:            /s/ Richard B. Handler                Chief Executive Officer and Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                     Richard B. Handler                          (Principal Executive Officer)

February 26, 2018               By:             /s/ Brian P. Friedman                 President and Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                      Brian P. Friedman

February 26, 2018               By:             /s/ Teresa S. Gendron                Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                      Teresa S. Gendron                           (Principal Financial Officer)

February 26, 2018               By:               /s/ John M. Dalton                   Vice President and Controller
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                        John M. Dalton                             (Principal Accounting Officer)

February 26, 2018               By:             /s/ Linda L. Adamany                Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                      Linda L. Adamany

February 26, 2018               By:               /s/ Robert D. Beyer                  Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                        Robert D. Beyer

February 26, 2018               By:            /s/ Francisco L. Borges               Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                     Francisco L. Borges

February 26, 2018               By:           /s/ W. Patrick Campbell               Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                    W. Patrick Campbell

February 26, 2018               By:               /s/ Robert E. Joyal                   Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                         Robert E. Joyal

February 26, 2018               By:                /s/ Jeffrey C. Keil                   Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                         Jeffrey C. Keil

February 26, 2018               By:            /s/ Michael T. O’Kane                Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                     Michael T. O’Kane

February 26, 2018               By:               /s/ Stuart H. Reese                   Director
                                                  ____________________________
                                                                                        Stuart H. Reese

72

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Leucadia National Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of Leucadia National Corporation
and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2017, and the related
notes and schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company as of
December 31, 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2017, in
conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 26, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York
February 26, 2018

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2017.

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Leucadia National Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Leucadia National Corporation and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2017, of the Company and our report dated February 26, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on
those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for
its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in  the  accompanying
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

New York, New York
February 26, 2018

F-2

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Leucadia National Corporation:

In our opinion, the consolidated statement of financial condition as of December 31, 2016, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2016 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Leucadia National Corporation
and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules as of December
31, 2016 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2016 presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These
financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our
audits. We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

New York, New York
February 27, 2017

F-3

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition
December 31, 2017 and 2016
(Dollars in thousands, except par value)
                                                                                                                                                                                         2017                     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ______                                          ______
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $  5,275,480   $  3,807,558
Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes or 
    deposited with clearing and depository organizations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          578,014          857,337
Financial instruments owned, including securities pledged of $10,842,051 
    and $9,706,881:
    Trading assets, at fair value  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     15,512,730     14,985,237
    Available for sale securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          716,561          301,049
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Total financial instruments owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     16,229,291     15,286,286
Investments in managed funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          569,946          515,318
Loans to and investments in associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       2,066,829       2,125,098
Securities borrowed  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       7,721,803       7,743,562
Securities purchased under agreements to resell  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       3,689,559       3,862,488
Receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       5,419,015       4,425,178
Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          750,403          709,242
Intangible assets, net and goodwill  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       2,463,180       2,513,678
Deferred tax asset, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          743,811       1,461,815
Assets held for sale  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                   128,083
Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,661,777       1,635,664
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total assets (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $47,169,108   $45,071,307
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Liabilities
Short-term borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $
525,842
Trading liabilities, at fair value  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       8,454,965       8,388,619
Securities loaned  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       2,843,911       2,819,132
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       8,660,511       6,791,676
Other secured financings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,029,485       1,026,429
Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       7,167,666       7,373,708
Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       7,885,783       7,380,443
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total liabilities (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     36,478,536     34,305,849
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Commitments and contingencies
Mezzanine Equity
Redeemable noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          426,593          336,809
Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          125,000          125,000
Equity
Common shares, par value $1 per share, authorized 600,000,000 shares; 
    356,227,038 and 359,425,061 shares issued and outstanding, after deducting 
    60,165,980 and 56,947,654 shares held in treasury . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          356,227          359,425
Additional paid-in capital  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4,676,038       4,812,587
Accumulated other comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          372,724          310,697
Retained earnings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4,700,968       4,645,391
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total Leucadia National Corporation shareholders’ equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     10,105,957     10,128,100
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            33,022          175,549
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     10,138,979     10,303,649
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $47,169,108   $45,071,307
       ___________________         ___________________
                              
                              
       ___________________         ___________________

436,215   $

(1)   Total assets include assets related to variable interest entities of $382.9 million and $815.8 million at December 31,
2017 and 2016, respectively, and Total liabilities include liabilities related to variable interest entities of $1,031.0
million and $1,284.7 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. See Note 9 for additional information
related to variable interest entities.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Operations
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                                                        2017                     2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ______                                           ______                                              ______
Revenues:

Beef processing services  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $  7,353,663   $  7,021,902     $  7,396,869
Commissions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          593,257          611,574            659,002
Principal transactions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          931,576          603,822            642,824
Investment banking . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,764,285       1,193,973         1,417,807
Interest income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          993,537          926,255            955,240
Net realized securities gains  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            23,028            29,542              62,957
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          748,508          488,186            549,228
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
    Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     12,407,854     10,875,254       11,683,927
Interest expense of Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          971,461          812,637            797,469
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
    Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     11,436,393     10,062,617       10,886,458
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________

                              

                              
                              
Expenses:

Cost of sales  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       7,045,007       6,850,807         7,677,233
Compensation and benefits  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,993,776       1,730,585         1,665,465
Floor brokerage and clearing fees  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          174,506          167,205            199,780
Interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          107,859          108,703            115,804
Depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          208,910          211,593            224,133
Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          817,620          831,892            757,788
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
  10,347,678       9,900,785       10,640,203
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________

                              
            
                              

Income from continuing operations before income taxes and 
    income (loss) related to associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,088,715          161,832            246,255
Income (loss) related to associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (74,901)         154,598            110,281
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
                              
Income from continuing operations before income taxes  . . . . . . . .       1,013,814          316,430            356,536
Income tax provision  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          760,967          122,109            109,947
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
                              
Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          252,847          194,321            246,589

Income from discontinued operations, net of income tax 
    provision of $0, $0 and $231  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              –                     –                          429
Gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of income tax 
    provision of $0, $0 and $2,743  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              –                     –                       5,093
                              
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
    Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          252,847          194,321            252,111
Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              3,455              1,426                4,996
Net (income) loss attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling 
    interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (84,576)         (65,746)             26,543
Preferred stock dividends  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (4,375)           (4,063)              (4,063)
                              
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
    Net income attributable to Leucadia National Corporation 
        common shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $
                              
                              

279,587
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________
 ___________________          ___________________                ___________________

125,938      $

167,351   $

(continued)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Operations, continued
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                                                                                                                                 2017                      2016                        2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ______                                          ______                                               ______
Basic earnings per common share attributable 
    to Leucadia National Corporation common shareholders:
    Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.73
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
    Income from discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                      –                       –
    Gain on disposal of discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                      –                     0.01
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _________                                      _________                                           _________
        Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.74
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _________                                      _________                                           _________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _________                                      _________                                           _________
Diluted earnings per common share attributable 
    to Leucadia National Corporation common shareholders:

Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.73
    Income from discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                      –                       –
    Gain on disposal of discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                      –                     0.01
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _________                                      _________                                           _________
    Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.74
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _________                                      _________                                           _________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _________                                      _________                                           _________
Amounts attributable to Leucadia National Corporation 
    common shareholders:

Income from continuing operations, net of taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $167,351        $125,938          $274,065
    Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                      –                      429
    Gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of taxes  . . . . . . . .                 –                      –                   5,093
             ________________                      ________________                           _______________
                              
    Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $167,351        $125,938          $279,587
             ________________                      ________________                           _______________
                              
             ________________                      ________________                           _______________
                              
Dividends per common share  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $    0.325        $    0.250          $    0.250
                              
             ________________                      ________________                           _______________
                              
             ________________                      ________________                           _______________

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-6

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands)
                                                                                                                                                                 2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ______                                            ______                                            ______

Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $252,847        $ 194,321         $252,111
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
Other comprehensive income (loss):
    Net unrealized holding gains (losses) on investments arising 
        during the period, net of income tax provision (benefit) of 
        $3,450, $2,262 and $(5,029)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           5,923               3,900              (9,057)
    Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included 
        in net income, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $124, 
        $2 and $6,068  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (212)                   (4)          (10,930)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on investments, 
        net of income tax provision (benefit) of $3,326, $2,260 
        and $(11,097)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           5,711               3,896            (19,987)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) arising during the 
        period, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $14,616, $(3,530) 
        and $(5,174)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         78,493          (121,581)          (36,477)
    Less: reclassification adjustment for foreign exchange (gains) 
        losses included in net income, net of income tax provision 
        (benefit) of $1,086, $0 and $0  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           5,310                –                      –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net change in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses), net of 
        income tax provision (benefit) of $13,530, $(3,530) and $(5,174)  . . .         83,803          (121,581)          (36,477)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on instrument specific credit risk 
        arising during the period, net of income tax provision (benefit) 
        of $(13,215), $(4,251) and $0  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (21,394)            (6,494)               –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net change in unrealized instrument specific credit risk gains 
        (losses), net of income tax provision (benefit) of $(13,215),
         $(4,251) and $0  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (21,394)            (6,494)               –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges arising during 
        the period, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $(593), 
        $0 and $0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (936)               –                      –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net change in unrealized cash flow hedges gains (losses), net of 
        income tax provision (benefit) of $(593), $0 and $0  . . . . . . . . . . .             (936)               –                      –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net pension gains (losses) arising during the period, net of income 
        tax provision (benefit) of $2,018, $(2,516) and $7,152  . . . . . . . . .           3,526              (5,451)            17,073
    Less: reclassification adjustment for pension (gains) losses included 
        in net income, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $(2,042), 
        $(700) and $(17,159)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              517               1,534             31,102
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
    Net change in pension liability benefits, net of income tax provision 
        (benefit) of $4,060, $(1,816) and $24,311  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           4,043              (3,917)            48,175
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . .         71,227          (128,096)            (8,289)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       324,074             66,225           243,822
Comprehensive loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests  . . . . . .           3,455               1,426               4,996
Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to the redeemable 
    noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (84,576)          (65,746)            26,543
Preferred stock dividends  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (4,375)            (4,063)            (4,063)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Leucadia National 
    Corporation common shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $238,578        $    (2,158)        $271,298
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                     ________________                         _______________

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-7

252,111

252,847       $ 194,321    $

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands)
                                                                                                                                                                 2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ______                                            ______                                            ______
Net cash flows from operating activities:
    Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by 
        (used for) operations:
        Deferred income tax provision  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       712,055            118,631          134,016
        Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and 
            leasehold improvements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       146,179            144,116          164,067
        Other amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         17,860              22,673              8,006
        Share-based compensation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         48,384              33,597            74,087
        Provision for doubtful accounts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         45,868              34,252            20,168
        Net securities gains  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (23,028)            (29,542)         (62,957)
        Income related to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (34,494)          (171,782)       (185,998)
        Distributions from associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       143,286            191,455          223,658
        Net losses related to property and equipment, and other assets  . . .         31,670              83,053            29,776
        Gain on sale of subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (179,605)               –                     –
        Gain on disposal of discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                      –                   (7,836)
        Change in estimated litigation reserve  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                      –                 (96,500)
        Net change in:
            Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for 
regulatory purposes or deposited with clearing and 
            
depository organizations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       280,703           (107,771)      2,691,028
            
            Trading assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (596,780)        2,687,399       1,380,230
            Investments in managed funds  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (52,897)             75,144         (295,342)
            Securities borrowed . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         50,660           (805,779)       (127,060)
            Securities purchased under agreements to resell  . . . . . . . . . . . .       234,740           (112,777)           56,377
            Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations  . .      (555,109)          (488,623)         551,021
            Receivables from customers of securities operations  . . . . . . . . .      (732,344)           340,690            58,233
            Other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (248,217)          (162,748)       (145,634)
            Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           2,987           (283,234)           83,414
            Trading liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (25,663)        1,727,698      (2,011,277)
            Securities loaned  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              381           (122,946)         420,929
            Securities sold under agreements to repurchase  . . . . . . . . . . . . .    1,838,793        (3,144,433)       (688,355)
            Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations  . . . . . . .   (1,079,516)           569,246          486,841
            Payables to customers of securities operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       366,721           (483,188)    (3,455,080)
            Trade payables, expense accruals and other liabilities  . . . . . . . .       427,115            361,295         (225,711)
        Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              236             (61,900)         (93,967)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ___________________                   ___________________           ___________________
            Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities . . . . . . . . . .    1,072,832            608,847         (761,755)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ___________________                   ___________________           ___________________
Net cash flows from investing activities:
    Acquisitions of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, 
        and other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (193,473)          (318,678)       (295,894)
    Proceeds from disposals of property and equipment, and other assets . .         30,833              62,463            22,820
    Proceeds from sale of subsidiary, net of expenses and cash 
        of operations sold  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       289,767                 –                     –
    Proceeds from disposal of discontinued operations, net of expenses 
        and cash of operations sold  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                      –                    5,842
    Acquisitions, net of cash acquired  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                     (9,673)              –
    Advances on notes, loans and other receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (39,953)          (342,281)       (420,219)
    Collections on notes, loans and other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       270,689            121,825          153,004
    Loans to and investments in associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (3,305,791)          (763,528)    (1,492,060)
    Capital distributions and loan repayment from associated 
        companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    3,106,423            703,108       1,389,262
    Proceeds from sale of associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       173,105                 –                     –
    Deconsolidation of subsidiary entities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (21,129)                 (326)         (16,512)
    Purchases of investments (other than short-term) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (1,146,595)          (739,298)       (873,831)
    Proceeds from maturities of investments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       344,223            162,393          379,629
    Proceeds from sales of investments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       443,300            483,360       1,931,656
    Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,339                   978             (2,532)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ___________________                   ___________________           ___________________
            Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities  . . . . . . . . . .        (47,262)          (639,657)         781,165
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ___________________                   ___________________           ___________________
(continued)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-8

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, continued
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands)
                                                                                                                                                                 2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ______                                            ______                                            ______
Net cash flows from financing activities:
    Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 2,095,559        $1,020,050    $ 363,595
    Other changes in short-term borrowings, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         23,324            204,882          298,659
    Repayment of debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   (1,401,104)          (962,515)    (1,316,494)
    Net change in other secured financings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,248            116,702          205,231
    Net change in bank overdrafts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (5,650)            (46,536)            –
    Issuance of common shares  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,501                1,062              1,223
    Net contributions from (distributions to) redeemable 
        noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (90,233)            (52,889)             5,165
    Distributions to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (12,031)            (18,544)           (7,277)
    Contributions from noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         40,072            154,522            15,469
    Purchase of common shares for treasury  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (100,477)            (95,020)       (125,754)
    Dividends paid  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (117,407)            (91,296)         (92,550)
    Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 (1)                  488                 750
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ___________________                  ___________________            ____________________
        Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities  . . . . . . . . . . .       434,801            230,906         (651,983)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ___________________                  ___________________            ____________________
    Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         10,687             (25,980)           (5,554)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ___________________                  ___________________            ____________________
    Change in cash classified as assets held for sale  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (3,136)              (5,206)            –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ___________________                  ___________________            ____________________
        Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  . . . . . . . . . . .    1,467,922            168,910         (638,127)
    Cash and cash equivalents at January 1,  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    3,807,558         3,638,648       4,276,775
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ___________________                  ___________________            ____________________
    Cash and cash equivalents at December 31,  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5,275,480       $3,807,558    $ 3,638,648
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ____________________                  ___________________            ____________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ____________________                  ___________________            ____________________

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-9

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands, except par value and per share amounts)
                                                                                  Leucadia National Corporation Common Shareholders
                                                                  ______________________________________________________
                                                                     Common                           Accumulated
                                                                        Shares        Additional          Other
                                                                        $1 Par           Paid-In     Comprehensive       Retained                              Noncontrolling
                                                                                                                                    ____________           _____________      __________________            _____________               _____________             _______________                        _________
                                                                        Value            Capital      Income (Loss)       Earnings           Subtotal           Interests                 Total
Balance, January 1, 2015  . . . . . .    $367,499   $5,059,508    $447,082     $4,428,069   $10,302,158     $ 67,864     $10,370,022
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                      279,587          279,587            (4,996)          274,591
Other comprehensive loss, 
   net of taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                 (8,289)                                   (8,289)                                   (8,289)
Contributions from noncontrolling 
   interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                   16,189              16,189
Distributions to noncontrolling 
   interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                    (7,277)             (7,277)
Deconsolidation of asset 
   management entities  . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                    (8,193)             (8,193)
Change in interest in consolidated 
   subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                              (1,092)                                                       (1,092)            1,092               –
Share-based compensation 
   expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             74,087                                                       74,087                                    74,087
Change in fair value of redeemable 
   noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . .                            (26,325)                                                     (26,325)                                 (26,325)
Purchase of common shares 
   for treasury . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (5,953)     (119,801)                                                   (125,754)                               (125,754)
Dividends ($.25 per common share)                                                                      (94,674)          (94,674)                                 (94,674)
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          1,071               442                                                          1,513                                      1,513
                                                                                                                                   ________________       ___________________        _________________             ____________________        _______________________            ___________________           _______________________
Balance, December 31, 2015  . . .      362,617     4,986,819      438,793       4,612,982     10,401,211           64,679       10,465,890
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                      125,938          125,938            (1,426)          124,512
Other comprehensive loss, 
   net of taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                             (128,096)                               (128,096)                               (128,096)
Contributions from noncontrolling 
   interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                 154,522            154,522
Distributions to noncontrolling 
   interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                  (18,544)           (18,544)
Deconsolidation of asset 
   management entities  . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                    (9,709)             (9,709)
Change in interest in consolidated 
   subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 (261)                                                          (261)               261               –
Reclassification to redeemable 
   noncontrolling interest . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                  (14,234)           (14,234)
Share-based compensation 
   expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             33,597                                                       33,597                                    33,597
Change in fair value of redeemable 
   noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . .                          (115,963)                                                   (115,963)                               (115,963)
Purchase of common shares 
   for treasury . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (5,434)       (89,586)                                                     (95,020)                                 (95,020)
Dividends ($.25 per common share)                                                                     (93,529)          (93,529)                                 (93,529)
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          2,242          (2,019)                                                           223                                         223
                                                                                                                                   ________________       ___________________        _________________             ____________________        _______________________            ___________________           _______________________
Balance, December 31, 2016  . . .      359,425    4,812,587      310,697       4,645,391     10,128,100        175,549      10,303,649
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                      167,351          167,351           (3,455)          163,896
Other comprehensive income, 
   net of taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                71,227                                  71,227                                  71,227
Reclassification of tax effects 
   from accumulated other 
   comprehensive income  . . . . . . .                                                 (9,200)            9,200             –                                           –
Contributions from noncontrolling 
   interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                  40,072             40,072
Distributions to noncontrolling 
   interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                                 –                 (12,031)          (12,031)
Deconsolidation of real estate entity                                                                                               –               (167,163)        (167,163)
Share-based compensation 
   expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             48,384                                                     48,384                                  48,384
Change in fair value of redeemable 
   noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . .                           (94,937)                                                  (94,937)                                (94,937)
Purchase of common shares 
   for treasury . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (4,024)      (96,453)                                                (100,477)                              (100,477)
Dividends ($.325 per common share)                                                                 (120,974)       (120,974)                              (120,974)
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              826           6,457                                                       7,283                 50               7,333
                                                                                                                                   ________________       ___________________        _________________             ____________________        _______________________            ___________________           _______________________
Balance, December 31, 2017  . . .    $356,227  $4,676,038    $372,724     $4,700,968   $10,105,957     $ 33,022    $10,138,979
                                                                                                                                   ________________       ___________________        _________________             ____________________        _______________________            ___________________           _______________________
                                                                                                                                   ________________       ___________________        _________________             ____________________        _______________________            ___________________           _______________________

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-10

LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1.  Nature of Operations:

Leucadia National Corporation (“Leucadia” or the “Company”) is a diversified holding company focused on long-
term value creation to maximize shareholder value. We continuously review acquisitions of businesses, securities and
assets that have the potential for significant long-term value creation, invest in a broad array of businesses, and evaluate
the retention and disposition of our existing operations and holdings. Changes in the mix of our businesses and
investments should be expected.

Our financial services businesses and investments include Jefferies (investment banking and capital markets), Leucadia
Asset Management (asset management), Berkadia (commercial mortgage banking, investment sales and servicing),
HomeFed (real estate company), FXCM (provider of online foreign exchange trading services) and Foursight Capital
(vehicle finance). We also own and have investments in a diverse array of other businesses, including National Beef
(beef processing), HRG Group (“HRG”) (consumer products), Garcadia (automobile dealerships), Linkem (fixed
wireless broadband services in Italy), Vitesse Energy and JETX Energy (oil and gas production and development),
Idaho Timber (manufacturing) and Golden Queen (gold and silver mining). The structure of each of our investments
was tailored to the unique opportunity each transaction presented. Our investments may be reflected in our consolidated
results as consolidated subsidiaries, equity investments, securities or in other ways, depending on the structure of our
specific holdings.

Jefferies is the largest independent U.S. headquartered global full-service, integrated securities and investment banking
firm. In March 2013, Jefferies became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Leucadia, yet retains a separate credit
rating and continues to be a separate SEC reporting company. Through Jefferies, we own 50% of Jefferies Finance
LLC (“Jefferies Finance”), our joint venture with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company. Jefferies Finance is
a commercial finance company whose primary focus is the origination and syndication of senior secured debt of middle
market and growth companies in the form of term and revolving loans. Through Jefferies, we also owned a 48.5%
voting interest in Jefferies LoanCore, LLC (“Jefferies LoanCore”), a joint venture with the Government of Singapore
Investment Corporation, the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board and LoanCore, LLC. Jefferies LoanCore
originates, purchases and securitizes commercial real estate loans throughout the U.S. On October 31, 2017, Jefferies
sold all of its membership interests in Jefferies LoanCore for approximately $173.1 million, the estimated book value
as of October 31, 2017. In addition, Jefferies may be entitled to additional cash consideration over the next five years
in the event Jefferies LoanCore’s yearly return on equity exceeds certain thresholds.

Jefferies has a November 30th year-end, which it retains for standalone reporting purposes. We reflect Jefferies in our
consolidated financial statements utilizing a one month lag. We have reviewed Jefferies business and internal operating
results for the month of December 2017 for the purpose of evaluating whether financial statement disclosures or
adjustments are required in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we have concluded that, other than the effects of
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Act”), no additional disclosures or adjustments are warranted. See Note
20 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.

Leucadia Asset Management (“LAM”) supports and develops focused alternative asset management businesses led
by distinct management teams. These include Folger Hill Asset Management LLC (“Folger Hill”), a multi-manager
discretionary  long/short  equity  hedge  fund  platform;  Topwater  Capital,  a  first-loss  product;  CoreCommodity
Management LLC, an asset manager that focuses on commodities strategies; Tenacis Capital, a systematic macro
investment platform; Lake Hill, an electronic trader in listed options and futures across asset classes; as well as several
other  smaller  businesses.  In  addition,  several  investment  management  businesses,  including  Jefferies  Strategic
Investments Division, operate under Jefferies and are included under our marketing of the LAM platform.

Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC (“Berkadia”), our 50-50 equity method joint venture with Berkshire Hathaway
Inc., provides capital solutions, investment sales advisory and mortgage servicing for multifamily and commercial
properties.

F-11

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 1.  Nature of Operations, continued:

We own an approximate 70% equity method interest of HomeFed, which owns and develops residential and mixed use
real estate properties. We have contractually agreed to limit our voting rights to 45% of HomeFed’s total voting securities
voting on any matter. HomeFed is a public company traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board.

Our investment in FXCM Group, LLC (“FXCM”) and associated companies consist of a senior secured term loan due
January 2019, ($69.9 million principal outstanding at December 31, 2017); a 50% voting interest in FXCM and up to
75% of all distributions. FXCM’s six-member board is comprised of three directors appointed by Leucadia and three
directors appointed by Global Brokerage Holdings, LLC (“Global Brokerage Holdings”). See Notes 4 and 10 to our
consolidated financial statements for additional information.

We own 100% of Foursight Capital, an auto loan originator and servicer, and 85% of Chrome Capital, which owns and
manages a portfolio of leases on used Harley-Davidson motorcycles and is in the process of winding down.

We own 78.9% of National Beef Packing Company. National Beef processes and markets fresh and chilled boxed beef,
ground beef, beef by-products, consumer-ready beef and pork, and wet blue leather for domestic and international
markets. National Beef operates two beef processing facilities, three consumer-ready processing facilities and a wet
blue tanning facility, all located in the U.S. National Beef operates one of the largest wet blue tanning facilities in the
world that sells processed hides to tanners that produce finished leather for the automotive, luxury goods, apparel and
furniture industries. National Beef owns Kansas City Steak Company, LLC, which sells portioned beef and other
products directly to customers through the internet, direct mail and direct response television. National Beef also owns
a refrigerated and livestock transportation and logistics company that provides transportation services for National
Beef and third parties.

We own approximately 23% of HRG Group, Inc. (“HRG”), a publicly traded company (NYSE: HRG), and we reflect
this investment at fair value based on quoted market prices. HRG primarily owns approximately 59% of Spectrum
Brands, a publicly traded (NYSE: SPB) global consumer products company. HRG sold its approximate 80% interest
in Fidelity & Guaranty Life, a life insurance and annuity products company and 100% interest in Front Street, a long-
term reinsurance company to CF Corporation in the fourth quarter of 2017.

Garcadia is an equity method joint venture that owns and operates 28 automobile dealerships in California, Texas, Iowa
and Michigan. We own approximately 75% of Garcadia and have board representation and votes equal to the other
member of the joint venture.

We own approximately 42% of the common shares of Linkem, as well as convertible preferred shares which, if
converted,  would  increase  our  ownership  to  approximately  53%  of  Linkem’s  common  equity  at  December 31,
2017. Linkem provides residential broadband services using LTE technologies deployed over the 3.5 GHz spectrum
band. Linkem operates in Italy, which has few cable television systems and poor broadband alternatives. Linkem is
accounted for under the equity method.

Vitesse Energy, LLC (“Vitesse”) is our 96% owned consolidated subsidiary that acquires and develops non-operated
working and royalty oil and gas interests in the Bakken Shale oil field in North Dakota and Montana as well as the
Denver-Julesburg Basin in Wyoming. JETX Energy, LLC (“JETX”), formerly Juneau Energy, LLC, is our 98% owned
consolidated subsidiary that engages in the development and production of oil and gas from onshore, unconventional
resource areas. JETX currently has non-operated working interests and acreage in east Texas.

Idaho Timber is our consolidated subsidiary engaged in the manufacture and distribution of various wood products,
including the following principal activities: remanufacturing dimension lumber; remanufacturing, bundling and bar
coding of home center boards for large retailers; and production of pine dimension lumber and 5/4” radius-edge,
pine decking.

F-12

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 1.  Nature of Operations, continued:

Golden Queen Mining Company, LLC (“Golden Queen”) owns the Soledad Mountain project, an open pit, heap leach
gold and silver mining project in Kern County, California, which commenced gold and silver production in March
2016. We and the Clay family have formed and made contributions to a limited liability company, controlled by us,
through which we invested in Golden Queen for the development and operation of the project. Our effective ownership
of Golden Queen is approximately 35% and is accounted for under the equity method.

Conwed Plastics (“Conwed”) was our consolidated subsidiary that manufactured and marketed lightweight plastic
netting used for building and construction, erosion and sediment control, packaging, agricultural purposes, carpet
padding, filtration, consumer products and other purposes. In January 2017, we sold 100% of Conwed to Schweitzer-
Mauduit International, Inc., (NYSE:SWM) for $295 million in cash plus potential earn-out payments in 2019, 2020
and 2021 totaling up to $40 million in cash to the extent the results of Conwed’s subsidiary, Filtrexx International,
exceed  certain  performance  thresholds.  We  recognized  a  $178.2  million  pre-tax  gain  (net  of  working  capital
adjustments) on the sale of Conwed in Other revenues during the year ended December 31, 2017.

Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies:

The preparation of these financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (“GAAP”) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the
financial statements and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate all of these
estimates and assumptions. The most important of these estimates and assumptions relate to fair value measurements,
compensation and benefits, asset impairment, the ability to realize deferred tax assets, the recognition and measurement
of uncertain tax positions and contingencies. Although these and other estimates and assumptions are based on the
best available information, actual results could be different from these estimates.

Consolidation

Our policy is to consolidate all entities in which we can vote a majority of the outstanding voting stock. In addition,
we  consolidate  entities  which  meet  the  definition  of  a  variable  interest  entity  for  which  we  are  the  primary
beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the party who has the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity
that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and who has an obligation to absorb losses of the
entity or a right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the entity. We consider special
allocations of cash flows and preferences, if any, to determine amounts allocable to noncontrolling interests. All
intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation.

In situations where we have significant influence, but not control, of an entity that does not qualify as a variable interest
entity, we apply either the equity method of accounting or fair value accounting pursuant to the fair value option election
under GAAP. We have also formed nonconsolidated investment vehicles with third-party investors that are typically
organized as partnerships or limited liability companies. Our subsidiaries may act as general partner or managing member
for these investment vehicles and have generally provided the third-party investors with termination or “kick-out” rights.

Revenue Recognition Policies

Beef Processing and Other Operations

Revenues are recognized when the following conditions are met: (1) collectibility is reasonably assured; (2) title to the
product has passed or the service has been rendered and earned; (3) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; and
(4) there is a fixed or determinable price. National Beef’s revenues are recognized based on the terms of the sale, which
for beef processing operations is typically upon delivery to customers. Manufacturing revenues are recognized when
title passes.

F-13

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

Investment Banking Activities

Commissions and Other Fees. All customer securities transactions are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition on a settlement date basis with related income reported on a trade date basis. We permit institutional customers
to allocate a portion of their gross commissions to pay for research products and other services provided by third
parties. The  amounts  allocated  for  those  purposes  are  commonly  referred  to  as  soft  dollar  arrangements. These
arrangements are accounted for on an accrual basis and, as we are not the primary obligor for these arrangements, netted
against commission revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, we earn asset-based fees associated
with the management and supervision of assets, account services and administration related to customer accounts.

Principal Transactions. Trading assets and trading liabilities (all of which are recorded on a trade-date basis) are
carried at fair value with gains and losses reflected in Principal transaction revenues in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations, except for derivatives accounted for as hedges (see Hedge Accounting section, herein and Note 5). Fees
received on loans carried at fair value are also recorded within Principal transaction revenues.

Investment Banking. Underwriting revenues and fees from mergers and acquisitions, restructuring and other investment
banking advisory assignments or engagements are recorded when the services related to the underlying transactions are
completed under the terms of the assignment or engagement. Expenses associated with such assignments are deferred
until reimbursed by the client, the related revenue is recognized or the engagement is otherwise concluded. Expenses are
recorded net of client reimbursements and netted against revenues. Unreimbursed expenses with no related revenues are
included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Interest Revenue and Expense. Interest expense that is deducted from Revenues to arrive at Net revenues is related to
Jefferies operations. Contractual interest on Trading assets and Trading liabilities is recognized on an accrual basis as
a component of Interest income and Interest expense. Interest flows on derivative trading transactions and dividends
are included as part of the fair valuation of these contracts and recognized in Principal transactions in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations rather than as a component of interest income or expense. Interest on short- and long-term
borrowings is recorded on an accrual basis, except for those for which we have elected the fair value option, as Interest
expense. Discounts/premiums arising on long-term debt are accreted/amortized to Interest expense using the effective
yield method over the remaining lives of the underlying debt obligations. Interest revenue related to Securities borrowed
and Securities purchased under agreements to resell activities and interest expense related to Securities loaned and
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase activities are recognized on an accrual basis.

Hedge Accounting

Jefferies applies hedge accounting using interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of changes in the benchmark
interest rate of fixed rate senior long-term debt. Jefferies interest rate swaps are included as derivative contracts in
Trading assets and Trading liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Jefferies uses regression
analysis  to  perform  ongoing  prospective  and  retrospective  assessments  of  the  effectiveness  of  these  hedging
relationships. A hedging relationship is deemed effective if the change in fair value of the interest rate swap and the
change in the fair value of the long-term debt due to changes in the benchmark interest rate offset within a range of
80% to 125%. The impact of valuation adjustments related to Jefferies own credit spreads and counterparty credit
spreads are included in the assessment of effectiveness.

For qualifying fair value hedges of benchmark interest rates, the change in the fair value of the derivative and the
change in fair value of the long-term debt provide offset of one another, and together with any resulting ineffectiveness,
are recorded in Interest expense. See Note 5 for further information.

F-14

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments, including money market funds and certificates of deposit, not held
for resale with original maturities of three months or less.

Cash and Securities Segregated and on Deposit for Regulatory Purposes or Deposited With Clearing and
 Depository Organizations

In accordance with Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Jefferies LLC, as a broker-dealer carrying
client accounts, is subject to requirements related to maintaining cash or qualified securities in a segregated reserve
account for the exclusive benefit of its clients. Certain other entities are also obligated by rules mandated by their
primary regulators to segregate or set aside cash or equivalent securities to satisfy regulations, promulgated to protect
customer assets. In addition, certain exchange and/or clearing organizations require cash and/or securities to be
deposited by us to conduct day to day activities.

Financial Instruments and Fair Value

Trading assets and Trading liabilities are recorded at fair value, either as required by accounting pronouncements or
through the fair value option election. Gains and losses on trading assets and trading liabilities are recognized in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations in Principal transactions. Available for sale securities are reflected at fair value,
with unrealized gains and losses reflected as a separate component of equity, net of taxes. When sold, realized gains
and losses on available for sale securities are reflected in the caption Net realized securities gains. The cost of securities
sold is based on average cost. Fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (the exit price).

Fair Value Hierarchy

In determining fair value, we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs by
requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs
reflect our assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best
information available in the circumstances. We apply a hierarchy to categorize our fair value measurements broken
down into three levels based on the transparency of inputs as follows:

Level 1: Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date.
Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 instruments.

Level 2: Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly
observable as of the reported date. The nature of these financial instruments includes cash instruments for
which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently, derivative instruments fair values for which have
been derived using model inputs that are directly observable in the market, or can be derived principally from
or  corroborated  by  observable  market  data,  and  instruments  that  are  fair  valued  using  other  financial
instruments, the parameters of which can be directly observed.

Level 3: Instruments that have little to no pricing observability as of the reported date. These financial
instruments  are  measured  using  management’s  best  estimate  of  fair  value,  where  the  inputs  into  the
determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation.

F-15

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

Financial instruments are valued at quoted market prices, if available. Certain financial instruments have bid and ask
prices that can be observed in the marketplace. For financial instruments whose inputs are based on bid-ask prices, the
financial instrument is valued at the point within the bid-ask range that meets our best estimate of fair value. We use
prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date. For financial instruments that do not have readily
determinable fair values using quoted market prices, the determination of fair value is based upon consideration of
available  information,  including  types  of  financial  instruments,  current  financial  information,  restrictions  on
dispositions, fair values of underlying financial instruments and quotations for similar instruments.

The valuation of financial instruments may include the use of valuation models and other techniques. Adjustments to
valuations derived from valuation models may be made when, in management’s judgment, features of the financial
instrument such as its complexity, the market in which the financial instrument is traded and risk uncertainties about
market conditions require that an adjustment be made to the value derived from the models. Adjustments from the
price derived from a valuation model reflect management’s judgment that other participants in the market for the
financial instrument being measured at fair value would also consider in valuing that same financial instrument. To
the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the
determination of fair value requires more judgment.

The availability of observable inputs can vary and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including, for example, the
type of financial instrument and market conditions. As the observability of prices and inputs may change for a financial
instrument from period to period, this condition may cause a transfer of an instrument among the fair value hierarchy
levels. Transfers among the levels are recognized at the beginning of each period. The degree of judgment exercised in
determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3.

Valuation Process for Financial Instruments

The Jefferies Independent Price Verification (“IPV”) Group, which is part of the Jefferies finance department, in
partnership  with  Jefferies  Risk  Management,  is  responsible  for  establishing  Jefferies  valuation  policies  and
procedures. The IPV Group and Risk Management, which are independent of business functions, play an important
role and serve as a control function in determining that Jefferies financial instruments are appropriately reflected at
fair value. This is particularly important where prices or valuations that require inputs are less observable. In the event
that observable inputs are not available, the control processes are designed to assure that the valuation approach utilized
is appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions are reasonable. The IPV Group reports to the Jefferies
Global Controller and is subject to the oversight of the IPV Committee, which includes senior members of Jefferies
finance department and other personnel. Jefferies independent price verification policies and procedures are reviewed,
at a minimum, annually and changes to the policies require the approval of the IPV Committee.

Price Testing Process. Jefferies business units are responsible for determining the fair value of Jefferies financial
instruments using approved valuation models and methodologies. In order to ensure that the business unit valuations
represent a fair value exit price, the IPV Group tests and validates the fair value of the financial instruments inventory. In
the testing process, the IPV Group obtains prices and valuation inputs from sources independent of Jefferies, consistently
adheres to established procedures set forth in the valuation policies for sourcing prices and valuation inputs and utilizing
valuation methodologies. Sources used to validate fair value prices and inputs include, but are not limited to, exchange
data, recently executed transactions, pricing data obtained from third party vendors, pricing and valuation services,
broker quotes and observed comparable transactions.

To the extent discrepancies between the business unit valuations and the pricing or valuations resulting from the price
testing process are identified, such discrepancies are investigated by the IPV Group and fair values are adjusted, as
appropriate. The IPV Group maintains documentation of its testing, results, rationale and recommendations and prepares
a monthly summary of its valuation results. This process also forms the basis for the classification of fair values within

F-16

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

the fair value hierarchy (i.e., Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3). The IPV Group utilizes the additional expertise of Risk
Management personnel in valuing more complex financial instruments and financial instruments with less or limited
pricing observability. The results of the valuation testing are reported to the IPV Committee on a monthly basis, which
discusses the results and determines the financial instrument fair values in the consolidated financial statements. At
each quarter end, the overall valuation results, as determined by the IPV Committee, are presented to the Jefferies Audit
Committee.

Judgment exercised in determining Level 3 fair value measurements is supplemented by daily analysis of profit and
loss performed by the Product Control functions. Gains and losses, which result from changes in fair value, are evaluated
and corroborated daily based on an understanding of each trading desk’s overall risk positions and developments in a
particular market on the given day. Valuation techniques generally rely on recent transactions of suitably comparable
financial instruments and use the observable inputs from those comparable transactions as a validation basis for Level
3 inputs. Level 3 fair value measurements are further validated through subsequent sales testing and market comparable
sales, if such information is available. Level 3 fair value measurements require documentation of the valuation rationale
applied, which is reviewed for consistency in application from period to period.

Third Party Pricing Information. Pricing information obtained from external data providers (including independent pricing
services and brokers) may incorporate a range of market quotes from dealers, recent market transactions and benchmarking
model derived prices to quoted market prices and trade data for comparable securities. External pricing data is subject to
evaluation for reasonableness by the IPV Group using a variety of means including comparisons of prices to those of
similar product types, quality and maturities, consideration of the narrowness or wideness of the range of prices obtained,
knowledge of recent market transactions and an assessment of the similarity in prices to comparable dealer offerings in a
recent time period. Jefferies processes challenges the appropriateness of pricing information obtained from external data
providers (including independent pricing services and brokers) to validate the data for consistency with the definition of
a fair value exit price. Jefferies process includes understanding and evaluating the external data providers’ valuation
methodologies. For corporate, U.S. government and agency, municipal debt securities, and loans, to the extent independent
pricing services or broker quotes are utilized in Jefferies valuation process, the vendor service providers are collecting
and aggregating observable market information as to recent trade activity and active bid-ask submissions. The composite
pricing information received from the independent pricing service is thus not based on unobservable inputs or proprietary
models. For mortgage- and other asset-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) and collateralized loan
obligations (“CLOs”), the independent pricing services use a matrix evaluation approach incorporating both observable
yield curves and market yields on comparable securities as well as implied inputs from observed trades for comparable
securities in order to determine prepayment speeds, cumulative default rates and loss severity. Further, Jefferies considers
pricing data from multiple service providers as available as well as compares pricing data to prices observed for recent
transactions, if any, in order to corroborate valuation inputs.

Model Review Process. If a pricing model is used to determine fair value, the pricing model is reviewed for theoretical
soundness and appropriateness by Risk Management, independent from the trading desks, and then approved by Risk
Management to be used in the valuation process. Review and approval of a model for use may include benchmarking
the model against relevant third party valuations, testing sample trades in the model, backtesting the results of the
model against actual trades and stress-testing the sensitivity of the pricing model using varying inputs and assumptions.
In addition, recently executed comparable transactions and other observable market data are considered for purposes
of validating assumptions underlying the model. Models are independently reviewed and validated by Risk Management
annually or more frequently if market conditions or use of the valuation model changes.

Investments in Managed Funds

Investments in managed funds include our investments in funds managed by us and our investments in related party
managed funds. Investments in nonconsolidated managed funds are accounted for at fair value based on the net asset

F-17

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

value (“NAV”) of the funds provided by the fund managers with gains or losses included in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations.

Asset management fees and investment income from managed funds include revenues we earn from management,
administrative  and  performance  fees  from  funds  and  accounts  managed  by  us,  revenues  from  management  and
performance fees we earn from related-party managed funds and investment income from our investments in these
funds. We earn fees in connection with management and investment advisory services performed for various funds and
managed accounts. These fees are based on assets under management or an agreed upon notional amount and may include
performance fees based upon the performance of the funds. Management and administrative fees are generally recognized
over the period that the related service is provided. Generally, performance fees are earned when the return on assets under
management exceeds certain benchmark returns, “high-water marks” or other performance targets. Performance fees are
accrued (or reversed) on a monthly basis based on measuring performance to date versus any relevant benchmark return
hurdles stated in the investment management agreement. Performance fees are not subject to adjustment once the
measurement period ends (generally annual periods) and the performance fees have been realized.

Loans to and Investments in Associated Companies

Loans to and investments in associated companies include investments in private equity and other operating entities in
which we exercise significant influence over operating and capital decisions and loans issued in connection with such
investments. Loans to and investments in associated companies are accounted for using the equity method. See Note
10 for additional information regarding certain of these investments.

Under the equity method of accounting, our share of the investee’s underlying net income or loss is recorded as Income
(loss) related to associated companies, or as part of Other revenues if such investees are considered to be an extension
of our business. Income (loss) for investees for which the fair value option was elected is reported as Principal
transactions revenues.

Receivables

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, Receivables include receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations of
$2,635.2 million and $2,062.9 million, respectively, and receivables from customers of securities operations of $1,563.8
million and $843.1 million, respectively.

Securities Borrowed and Securities Loaned

Securities borrowed and securities loaned are carried at the amounts of cash collateral advanced and received in
connection with the transactions and accounted for as collateralized financing transactions. In connection with both
trading and brokerage activities, Jefferies borrows securities to cover short sales and to complete transactions in which
customers have failed to deliver securities by the required settlement date, and lend securities to other brokers and
dealers for similar purposes. Jefferies has an active securities borrowed and lending matched book business in which
it borrows securities from one party and lends them to another party. When Jefferies borrows securities, it generally
provides cash to the lender as collateral, which is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as
Securities borrowed. Jefferies earns interest revenues on this cash collateral. Similarly, when Jefferies lends securities
to another party, that party provides cash to Jefferies as collateral, which is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition as Securities loaned. Jefferies pays interest expense on the cash collateral received from the party
borrowing the securities. The initial collateral advanced or received approximates or is greater than the fair value of
the securities borrowed or loaned. Jefferies monitors the fair value of the securities borrowed and loaned on a daily
basis and requests additional collateral or returns excess collateral, as appropriate.

F-18

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell and Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase

Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (collectively
“repos”) are accounted for as collateralized financing transactions and are recorded at their contracted resale or
repurchase amount plus accrued interest. Jefferies earns and incurs interest over the term of the repo, which is reflected
in Interest revenue and Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations on an accrual basis. Repos are
presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition on a net-basis-by counterparty, where permitted by
GAAP. The  fair  value  of  the  underlying  securities  is  monitored  daily  versus  the  related  receivable  or  payable
balances. Should the fair value of the underlying securities decline or increase, additional collateral is requested or
excess collateral is returned, as appropriate.

Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization.
Depreciation and amortization are provided principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets or, if less, the term of the underlying lease.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

We  evaluate  our  long-lived  assets  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate,  in
management’s judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. When testing for impairment,
we group our long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are
largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (or asset group). The determination of whether an
asset group is recoverable is based on management’s estimate of undiscounted future cash flows directly attributable
to the asset group as compared to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the asset group is greater than the
undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the
asset group exceeds its estimated fair value.

In 2015, we recorded impairment charges in Selling, general and other expenses of $27.7 million, primarily related to
a $20.3 million impairment at JETX and an impairment charge related to National Beef’s Brawley plant of $4.7 million.
For the oil and gas impairment test related to proved properties, we compare expected undiscounted future net cash
flows to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset. If the future undiscounted net cash flows are lower than the
unamortized capital cost, we reduce the capitalized cost to fair market value. We used a third party reserve report in
which the cash flows were calculated using West Texas Intermediate (oil) and Henry Hub (gas) NYMEX futures prices
as of December 31, 2015. For one of our oil fields, the future undiscounted net cash flows were lower than the
unamortized capital cost and as a result, we wrote off the total capital cost.

In 2016, JETX recorded impairment charges in Selling, general and other expenses of $56.3 million related to write-
downs of unproved oil and gas properties. JETX assesses its unproved oil and gas properties for impairment based on
remaining lease terms, drilling results or future plans to develop acreage and they record impairment expense for any
decline in value. In the third quarter of 2016, JETX curtailed development of both its southern acreage in the East
Eagle Ford and its Houston County acreage. As a result, an impairment was recorded for the difference between the
carrying value and the estimated net realizable value of the acreage.

In 2017, JETX decided to focus on its other higher returning acreage and as a result wrote off the remaining carrying
value for its Houston County acreage. JETX recorded an impairment charge of $10.1 million in Selling, general and
other expenses in the third quarter of 2017 related to the write-down of unproved oil and gas properties.

F-19

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

Substantially all of our operating businesses sell products or services that are impacted by general economic conditions
in the U.S. and to a lesser extent internationally. In recent years, general economic conditions reduced the demand for
products or services sold by our operating subsidiaries and/or resulted in reduced pricing for products or services. A
worsening of current economic conditions could cause a decline in estimated future cash flows expected to be generated
by our operations and investments. If future undiscounted cash flows are estimated to be less than the carrying amounts
of the asset groups used to generate those cash flows in subsequent reporting periods, particularly for those with large
investments in intangible assets, property and equipment and other long-lived assets (for example, Jefferies, National
Beef, manufacturing, oil and gas production and development and certain associated company investments), impairment
charges would have to be recorded.

Intangible Assets, Net and Goodwill

Intangible Assets. Intangible assets deemed to have finite lives are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over
their estimated useful lives, where the useful life is the period over which the asset is expected to contribute directly,
or indirectly, to our future cash flows. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis when certain
events or circumstances exist. If future undiscounted cash flows are estimated to be less than the carrying amounts of
the asset groups used to generate those cash flows in subsequent reporting periods, particularly for those with large
investments in amortizable intangible assets, impairment charges would have to be recorded.

An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more
frequently, when certain events or circumstances exist indicating an assessment for impairment is necessary. Impairment
exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value will be determined using valuation techniques
consistent with what a market participant would use. All of our indefinite-lived intangible assets were recognized in
connection with the Jefferies acquisition, and our annual impairment testing date for Jefferies is as of August 1.

Goodwill. At acquisition, we allocate the cost of a business acquisition to the specific tangible and intangible assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their fair values. Significant judgments and estimates are often made by
management to determine these values, and may include the use of appraisals, consideration of market quotes for
similar transactions, use of discounted cash flow techniques or consideration of other information we believe to be
relevant. Any excess of the cost of a business acquisition over the fair values of the net assets and liabilities acquired
is recorded as goodwill, which is not amortized to expense. Substantially all of our goodwill was recognized in
connection with the Jefferies acquisition.

At least annually, and more frequently if warranted, we will assess whether goodwill has been impaired. If the estimated
fair value exceeds the carrying value, goodwill at the reporting unit level is not impaired. If the estimated fair value is
less than carrying value, further analysis is necessary to determine the amount of impairment, if any, by comparing the
implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill to the carrying value of the reporting unit’s goodwill. The fair values
will be based on widely accepted valuation techniques that we believe market participants would use, although the
valuation process requires significant judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The
methodologies we utilize in estimating fair value include market capitalization, price-to-book multiples of comparable
exchange traded companies, multiples of merger and acquisitions of similar businesses and/or projected cash flows. The
estimates  and  assumptions  used  in  determining  fair  value  could  have  a  significant  effect  on  whether  or  not  an
impairment charge is recorded and the magnitude of such a charge. Adverse market or economic events could result
in impairment charges in future periods. Our annual goodwill impairment testing date related to Jefferies is as of 
August 1 and National Beef as of December 31.

F-20

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

Inventories and Cost of Sales

National Beef’s inventories consist primarily of beef products, beef by-products and supplies, and are stated at the
lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost principally determined under the first-in-first-out method for beef
products and average cost for supplies.

Manufacturing inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost principally determined under
the first-in-first-out method. Manufacturing cost of sales principally includes product and manufacturing costs, inbound
and outbound shipping costs and handling costs.

National Beef and manufacturing inventories are classified as Other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition.

Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities include payables to brokers, dealers
and clearing organizations of $2,228.9 million and $3,290.4 million, respectively, and payables to customers of securities
operations of $2,664.0 million and $2,297.3 million, respectively.

Income Taxes

We record a valuation allowance to reduce our net deferred tax asset to the net amount that is more likely than not to
be realized. If in the future we determine that it is more likely than not that we will be able to realize our net deferred
tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, an adjustment to increase the net deferred tax asset would increase
income in such period. If in the future we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our
recorded net deferred tax asset, an adjustment to decrease the net deferred tax asset would be charged to income in
such period. We are required to consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, and to weigh the evidence
when determining whether a valuation allowance is required and the amount of such valuation allowance. Generally,
greater weight is required to be placed on objectively verifiable evidence when making this assessment, in particular
on recent historical operating results.

Our estimate of future taxable income considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, about our operating
businesses and investments, includes an aggregation of individual projections for each significant operating business
and investment, estimated apportionment factors for state and local taxing jurisdictions and includes all future years
that we estimate we will have available net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) (until 2035). We believe that our
estimate of future taxable income is reasonable but inherently uncertain, and if our current or future operations and
investments generate taxable income different than the projected amounts, further adjustments to the valuation allowance
are possible. The current balance of the deferred tax valuation allowance principally reserves for NOLs of certain
subsidiaries that are not available to offset income generated by other members of the consolidated tax return group.

We also record reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based on our assessment of the probability of successfully
sustaining tax filing positions. Interest and penalties, if any, are recorded as components of income tax expense.
Management exercises significant judgment when assessing the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing
positions, and in determining whether a contingent tax liability should be recorded and if so estimating the amount. If
our tax filing positions are successfully challenged, payments could be required that are in excess of reserved amounts
or we may be required to reduce the carrying amount of our net deferred tax asset, either of which could be significant
to our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition or results of operations.

F-21

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

Share-based Compensation

Share-based awards are measured based on the fair value of the award as determined in accordance with GAAP and
recognized  over  the  required  service  or  vesting  period. Certain  executive  share-based  awards  contain  market,
performance and service conditions. Market conditions are incorporated into the grant-date fair value using a Monte
Carlo valuation model. Compensation expense for awards with market conditions is recognized over the service period
and is not reversed if the market condition is not met. Awards with performance conditions are amortized over the
service period if it is determined that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The fair value of
options and warrants are estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected
forfeitures are included in determining share-based compensation expense.

Foreign Currency Translation

Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars using the currency exchange rates at the end
of the relevant period. Revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. The effects
of exchange rate changes on the translation of the balance sheets, net of hedging gains or losses and taxes, if any, are
included in other comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) and
classified as Accumulated other comprehensive income in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity. Gains or losses resulting from Jefferies foreign currency transactions
are included in Principal transactions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Earnings per Common Share

Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed by dividing net earnings available to common shareholders by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding and certain other shares committed to be, but not yet
issued. Net earnings available to common shareholders represent net earnings to common shareholders reduced by the
allocation of earnings to participating securities. Losses are not allocated to participating securities. Common shares
outstanding and certain other shares committed to be, but not yet issued, include restricted stock and restricted stock
units (“RSUs”) for which no future service is required. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net earnings available to
common shareholders plus dividends on dilutive mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares and interest on
convertible notes by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and certain other shares committed
to be, but not yet issued, plus all dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during the period.

Unvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether
paid or unpaid) are participating securities and, therefore, are included in the earnings allocation in computing earnings
per share under the two-class method of earnings per share. Restricted stock and RSUs granted as part of share-based
compensation contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends and dividend equivalents, respectively, and therefore, prior to
the requisite service being rendered for the right to retain the award, restricted stock and RSUs meet the definition of
a participating security. As such, we calculate basic and diluted earnings per share under the two-class method. RSUs
granted under the senior executive compensation plan are not considered participating securities as the rights to dividend
equivalents are forfeitable. See Note 17 for more information regarding the senior executive compensation plan.

Securitization Activities

Jefferies engages in securitization activities related to corporate loans, consumer loans, commercial mortgage loans and
mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities. Such transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when
Jefferies has relinquished control over the transferred assets. The gain or loss on sale of such financial assets depends, in
part, on the previous carrying amount of the assets involved in the transfer allocated between the assets sold and the

F-22

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 2.  Significant Accounting Policies, continued:

retained interests, if any, based upon their respective fair values at the date of sale. Jefferies may retain interests in the
securitized financial assets as one or more tranches of the securitization. These retained interests are included within
Trading assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value. Any changes in the fair value of such
retained interests are recognized within Principal transactions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

When a transfer of assets does not meet the criteria of a sale, the transfer is accounted for as a secured borrowing and
Jefferies continues to recognize the assets of a secured borrowing, and recognize the associated financing in Other
secured financings in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Beginning  in  2014,  another  of  our  subsidiaries  utilized  a  special  purpose  entity  to  securitize  automobile  loans
receivable. This special purpose entity is a variable interest entity and our subsidiary is the primary beneficiary; the
related assets and the secured borrowings are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. These
secured borrowings do not have recourse to our subsidiary’s general credit.

Contingencies

In the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in legal and regulatory
proceedings. We are also involved, from time to time, in other exams, investigations and similar reviews (both formal
and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our businesses, certain of which may result in
judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other injunctions.

We recognize a liability for a contingency when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss
can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a probable loss is a range, we accrue the most likely amount
of such loss, and if such amount is not determinable, then we accrue the minimum in the range as the loss accrual. The
determination of the outcome and loss estimates requires significant judgment on the part of management, can be
highly  subjective  and  is  subject  to  significant  change  with  the  passage  of  time  as  more  information  becomes
available. Estimating the ultimate impact of litigation matters is inherently uncertain, in particular because the ultimate
outcome will rest on events and decisions of others that may not be within our power to control. We do not believe that
any of our current litigation will have a significant adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of
operations or liquidity; however, if amounts paid at the resolution of litigation are in excess of recorded reserve amounts,
the excess could be significant in relation to results of operations for that period. For further information, see Note 24.

Supplemental Cash Flow Information
                                                                                                                                                  For the Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                 ______________________________________________
                                                                                                                                         2017                          2016                           2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    _____________________                         ______________________                             ___________________
                                                                                                                                                                   (In thousands)
Cash paid during the year for:
   Interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $1,120,191             $957,140             $980,266
   Income tax payments (refunds), net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $     15,361             $ (13,738)            $       510

During 2017, non-cash investing activities related to the deconsolidation of 54 Madison include an increase in Loans
to  and  investments  in  associated  companies  of  $123.0  million,  and  corresponding  decreases  in Total  assets  of 
$612.9 million, Total liabilities of $330.5 million and Noncontrolling interests of $167.2 million. For additional
information regarding the deconsolidation of 54 Madison, see Note 10.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, we had $334.5 million in non-cash investing activities related to the transfer
of the investment in FXCM from Trading assets to Loans to and investments in associated companies.

F-23

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 3.  Accounting Developments:

Accounting Developments – Adopted Accounting Standards

Share-Based Payments to Employees. In January 2017, we adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
(“FASB”) new guidance that simplifies and improves accounting for share-based payments. The amendments include
the recognition of all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of
operations and changes to the timing of recognition of excess tax benefits, the accounting for forfeitures, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The adoption of this guidance
did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. We elected to account for forfeitures as
they occur, which results in dividends and dividend equivalents originally charged against retained earnings for forfeited
shares to be reclassified to compensation expense in the period in which the forfeiture occurs.

Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income. In February 2018, the FASB issued new guidance that allows
companies the option to reclassify from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings stranded tax
effects resulting from the newly enacted federal corporate income tax rate. The amount of the reclassification would
be the difference between the historical corporate income tax rate and the newly enacted corporate income tax rate.
This will eliminate the stranded tax effects associated with the change in the federal corporate income tax rate in the
Tax Act and would improve the usefulness of information reported to financial statement users. The Company uses
the portfolio approach relating to the release of stranded tax effects. Under the portfolio approach, the net unrealized
gains or losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income would be eliminated only on the date the entire
portfolio of available for sale securities is sold or otherwise disposed of. The guidance is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this guidance as of December
31, 2017 and elected to make the reclassification, resulting in a reclassification adjustment of $9.2 million.

Accounting Developments – Accounting Standards to be Adopted in Future Periods

Revenue Recognition. In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance that defines how companies report revenues from
contracts with customers, and also requires enhanced disclosures. The core principle of this new guidance is that an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. This
guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We have adopted the new
guidance as of January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment to
opening retained earnings of approximately $8 million. Our implementation efforts included the identification of
revenue streams within the scope of the guidance, the evaluation of certain revenue contracts and education and
discussion with our consolidated subsidiaries. Based on our assessment, the impact of the adoption of the new guidance
does not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The below focuses on our two largest
consolidated subsidiaries, whose combined revenues comprise more than 92% of our Net revenues in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2017.

For Jefferies, as the new revenue recognition guidance does not apply to revenue associated with financial instruments,
including loans and securities that are accounted for under other GAAP, and as a result, did not have an impact on the
elements of its revenues most closely associated with financial instruments, including Principal transaction revenues,
Interest income and Interest expense. The new revenue standard primarily impacts the following of Jefferies revenue
recognition and presentation accounting policies:

•

Investment Banking Revenues. Advisory fees from mergers and acquisitions engagements are recognized at
a point in time when the related transaction is completed, as the performance obligation is to successfully
broker a specific transaction.

• Certain Capital Markets Revenues. Revenues associated with price stabilization activities as part of a
securities underwriting were historically recognized as part of Investment banking revenues. Under the new

F-24

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 3.  Accounting Developments, continued:

•

•

revenue standard, revenue from these activities is recognized within Principal transaction revenues, as these
revenues are not considered to be within the scope of the new standard.

Investment Banking Advisory Expenses. Historically, expenses associated with investment banking advisory
assignments were deferred until reimbursed by the client, the related fee revenue is recognized or the
engagement is otherwise concluded. Under the new revenue standard, expenses are deferred only to the
extent they are explicitly reimbursable by the client and the related revenue is recognized at a point in time.
All other investment banking advisory related expenses, including expenses incurred related to restructuring
assignments, are expensed as incurred.

Investment Banking Underwriting and Advisory Expenses. Expenses have historically been recorded net of
client reimbursements and/or netted against revenues. Under the new revenue standard, all investment
banking expenses will be recognized within their respective expense category on the consolidated statements
of operations and any expense reimbursements will be recognized as Investment banking revenues (i.e.,
expenses are no longer recorded net of client reimbursements and are not netted against revenues).

• Asset  Management  Fees.  In  certain  asset  management  fee  arrangements,  Jefferies  and  LAM  receive
performance-based fees, which vary with performance or, in certain cases, are earned when the return on
assets under management exceed certain benchmark returns or other performance targets. Historically,
performance fees have been accrued (or reversed) quarterly based on measuring performance to date versus
any relevant benchmark return hurdles stated in the investment management agreement. Under the new
revenue standard, performance fees are considered variable as they are subject to fluctuation (e.g., based on
market performance) and/or are contingent on a future event during the measurement period (e.g., meeting
a specified benchmark rate) and are recognized only to the extent it is not probable that a significant reversal
in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is resolved. Accordingly,
performance fee revenue will generally be recognized only at the end of the performance period to the extent
that the benchmark return has been met.

National Beef earns over 95% of its revenues through the sale of beef, pork and beef by-products. Agreements with
customers for these sales typically consist of the type and quantity of products to be delivered, the unit price of each
product, the estimated delivery date and credit and payment terms. The transaction price is generally fixed at this time
and revenue is recognized when the customer takes control of the product. The impact of the new guidance does not
materially impact how revenue is recognized for this revenue stream.

Financial  Instruments. In  January  2016,  the  FASB  issued  new  guidance  that  affects  the  accounting  for  equity
investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for
financial instruments. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017.
We do not believe the new guidance related to equity investments and the presentation and disclosure requirements of
financial instruments will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We have adopted the new
guidance as of January 1, 2018 with a cumulative-effect increase to opening retained earnings of approximately $28
million and a corresponding decrease to Accumulated other comprehensive income. Early adoption was permitted for
the accounting guidance on financial liabilities under the fair value option and we adopted this guidance in the first
quarter of 2016. The adoption of the guidance on financial liabilities under the fair value option did not have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Leases. In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance that affects the accounting and disclosure requirements for
leases. The FASB requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the statement of financial condition.
The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating
the impact this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.

F-25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 3.  Accounting Developments, continued:

Financial Instruments – Credit Losses. In June 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for estimating credit losses on
certain types of financial instruments by introducing an approach based on expected losses. The guidance is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact this new
guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.

Cash Flow Classifications. In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance to reduce the diversity in practice in how
certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance adds or clarifies guidance on the
classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. In November 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on restricted
cash. The guidance requires that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash,
cash equivalents and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The guidance is
effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We do not believe the new guidance will
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Goodwill. In January 2017, the FASB issued new guidance for simplifying goodwill impairment testing. The guidance
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and early adoption is permitted. We do
not believe the new guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Retirement Benefits. In March 2017, the FASB issued new guidance for improving the presentation of net periodic pension
costs in the statement of operations. The update also allows the service cost to be eligible for capitalization, when applicable.
The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted.
We do not believe the new guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Compensation. In May 2017, the FASB issued new guidance providing clarity and reducing diversity in practice and
cost and complexity when accounting for a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award. The
guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted.
We do not believe the new guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Derivatives and hedging. In August 2017, the FASB issued new guidance to improve the financial reporting of hedging
relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity’s risk management activities in its financial statements.
The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is
permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements.

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures:

The following is a summary of our financial instruments, trading liabilities and long-term debt that are accounted 
for at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding Investments at fair value based on NAV (within trading assets) of 
$20.2 million and $24.3 million, respectively, by level within the fair value hierarchy at December 31, 2017 and 2016
(in thousands):

F-26

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2017
                                                                                     _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                           Counterparty
                                                                                                                                                                              and Cash
                                                                                                                                                                              Collateral
                                                                                      Level 1                     Level 2               Level 3               Netting (1)                  Total
                                                                                     _____________________                        _____________________            _____________________                  _____________________                     _____________________
Assets:
Trading assets, at fair value:
    Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . .   $2,975,463      $       60,300      $  22,270     $       –              $  3,058,033
    Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . .            –                 3,261,300          26,036              –                  3,287,336
    Collateralized debt obligations and

    collateralized loan obligations  . . . .            –                    139,166          42,184              –                     181,350

    U.S. government and federal agency

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,269,230               39,443             –                    –                  1,308,673
    Municipal securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                    710,513             –                    –                     710,513
    Sovereign obligations  . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,381,552          1,035,907             –                    –                  2,417,459
    Residential mortgage-backed

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                 1,453,294          26,077              –                  1,479,371

    Commercial mortgage-backed

securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                    508,115          12,419              –                     520,534
    Other asset-backed securities  . . . . . . .            –                    217,111          61,129              –                     278,240
    Loans and other receivables  . . . . . . . .            –                 1,620,581          47,304              –                  1,667,885
    Derivatives  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        165,396          3,323,278            9,295       (3,318,481)           179,488
    Investments at fair value . . . . . . . . . . .            –                           946        329,944              –                     330,890
    FXCM term loan  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                       –                  72,800              –                       72,800
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
        Total trading assets, excluding

    investments at fair value based

on NAV . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $5,791,641      $12,369,954      $649,458     $(3,318,481)    $15,492,572
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
Available for sale securities:
    Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . .   $     88,486      $        –              $     –            $       –              $       88,486
    U.S. government securities  . . . . . . . . .        552,805                –                     –                    –                     552,805
    Residential mortgage-backed

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                      34,561             –                    –                       34,561

    Commercial mortgage-backed
        securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                        5,870             –                    –                         5,870
    Other asset-backed securities  . . . . . . .            –                      34,839             –                    –                       34,839
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
        Total available for sale securities  . .   $   641,291      $       75,270      $     –            $       –              $     716,561
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
Liabilities:
Trading liabilities:
    Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . .   $1,721,267      $       32,122      $         48     $       –              $  1,753,437
    Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . .            –                 1,688,825               522              –                  1,689,347
    U.S. government and federal agency

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,430,737                –                     –                    –                  1,430,737
    Sovereign obligations  . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,216,643             956,992             –                    –                  2,173,635
    Commercial mortgage-backed

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                       –                       105              –                            105
    Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                 1,148,824            3,486              –                  1,152,310
    Derivatives  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        249,361          3,480,506          16,041       (3,490,514)           255,394
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
        Total trading liabilities  . . . . . . . . . .   $4,618,008      $  7,307,269      $  20,202     $(3,490,514)    $  8,454,965
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
Short-term borrowings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $      –             $       23,324      $     –            $       –              $       23,324
Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $      –             $     606,956      $     –            $       –              $     606,956

F-27

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

                                                                                                                                            December 31, 2016
                                                                                     _______________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                            Counterparty
                                                                                                                                                                               and Cash
                                                                                                                                                                               Collateral
                                                                                       Level 1                     Level 2               Level 3               Netting (1)                   Total
                                                                                     _____________________                        _____________________            _____________________                  _____________________                     _____________________
Assets:
Trading assets, at fair value:
    Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . .   $2,522,977      $       92,839      $  21,739      $       –              $  2,637,555
    Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . .            –                  2,675,020          25,005               –                   2,700,025
    Collateralized debt obligations and

    collateralized loan obligations  . . . .            –                       54,306          54,354               –                      108,660

    U.S. government and federal agency

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2,389,397                56,726             –                     –                   2,446,123
    Municipal securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                     708,469          27,257               –                      735,726
    Sovereign obligations  . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,432,556              990,492             –                     –                   2,423,048
    Residential mortgage-backed

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                     960,494          38,772               –                      999,266

    Commercial mortgage-backed

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                     296,405          20,580               –                      316,985
    Other asset-backed securities  . . . . . . .            –                       63,587          40,911               –                      104,498
    Loans and other receivables  . . . . . . . .            –                  1,557,233          81,872               –                   1,639,105
    Derivatives  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            3,825           4,616,822             6,429        (4,255,998)            371,078
    Investments at fair value . . . . . . . . . . .            –                        –                 314,359               –                      314,359
    FXCM term loan  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                        –                 164,500               –                      164,500
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
        Total trading assets, excluding

    investments at fair value based

on NAV . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $6,348,755      $12,072,393      $795,778      $(4,255,998)    $14,960,928
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
Available for sale securities:
    Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . .   $     79,425      $        –               $     –            $       –              $        79,425
    Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . .            –                            179             –                     –                             179
    U.S. government securities  . . . . . . . . .        174,933                 –                      –                     –                      174,933
    Residential mortgage-backed

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                       19,133             –                     –                        19,133

    Commercial mortgage-backed

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                         8,337             –                     –                          8,337
    Other asset-backed securities  . . . . . . .            –                       19,042             –                     –                        19,042
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
        Total available for sale securities  . .   $   254,358      $       46,691      $     –            $       –              $      301,049
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
Liabilities:
Trading liabilities:
    Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . .   $1,593,548      $       16,806      $       313      $       –              $  1,610,667
    Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . .            –                  1,718,424                523               –                   1,718,947
    U.S. government and federal agency

    securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        976,497                 –                      –                     –                      976,497
    Sovereign obligations  . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,375,590           1,253,754             –                     –                   2,629,344
    Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            –                     801,977                378               –                      802,355
    Derivatives  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            2,566           4,867,586             9,870        (4,229,213)            650,809
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
    Total trading liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . .   $3,948,201      $  8,658,547      $  11,084      $(4,229,213)    $  8,388,619
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                ___________________                 ______________              ___________________                ___________________
Other secured financings  . . . . . . . . . . . .   $       –              $       41,350      $       418      $       –              $        41,768
Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $       –              $     248,856      $     –            $       –              $      248,856

F-28

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

(1)   Represents counterparty and cash collateral netting across the levels of the fair value hierarchy for positions

with the same counterparty.

The following is a description of the valuation basis, including valuation techniques and inputs, used in measuring our
financial assets and liabilities that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis:

Corporate Equity Securities

• Exchange Traded Equity Securities: Exchange traded equity securities are measured based on quoted closing
exchange prices, which are generally obtained from external pricing services, and are categorized within
Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy, otherwise they are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
To the extent these securities are actively traded, valuation adjustments are not applied.

• Non-Exchange Traded Equity Securities: Non-exchange traded equity securities are measured primarily
using broker quotations, pricing data from external pricing services and prices observed from recently
executed market transactions and are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Where such
information is not available, non-exchange traded equity securities are categorized within Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy and measured using valuation techniques involving quoted prices of or market data for
comparable companies, similar company ratios and multiples (e.g., price/Earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), price/book value), discounted cash flow analyses and transaction
prices observed from subsequent financing or capital issuance by Jefferies. When using pricing data of
comparable companies, judgment must be applied to adjust the pricing data to account for differences
between the measured security and the comparable security (e.g., issuer market capitalization, yield, dividend
rate, geographical concentration).

• Equity Warrants: Non-exchange traded equity warrants are measured primarily using pricing data from
external pricing services, prices observed from recently executed market transactions and broker quotations
and are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Where such information is not available, non-
exchange traded equity warrants are generally categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and are
measured using the Black-Scholes model with key inputs impacting the valuation including the underlying
security price, implied volatility, dividend yield, interest rate curve, strike price and maturity date.

Corporate Debt Securities

• Corporate Bonds: Corporate bonds are measured primarily using pricing data from external pricing services
and broker quotations, where available, prices observed from recently executed market transactions and bond
spreads or credit default swap spreads of the issuer adjusted for basis differences between the swap curve
and the bond curve. Corporate bonds measured using these valuation methods are categorized within Level
2 of the fair value hierarchy. If broker quotes, pricing data or spread data is not available, alternative valuation
techniques are used including cash flow models incorporating interest rate curves, single name or index
credit default swap curves for comparable issuers and recovery rate assumptions. Corporate bonds measured
using alternative valuation techniques are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and are a
limited portion of our corporate bonds.

• High Yield  Corporate  and  Convertible  Bonds:  A  significant  portion  of  our  high  yield  corporate  and
convertible bonds are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and are measured primarily using
broker quotations and pricing data from external pricing services, where available, and prices observed from
recently executed market transactions of Institutional size. Where pricing data is less observable, valuations
are categorized within Level 3 and are based on pending transactions involving the issuer or comparable

F-29

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

issuers, prices implied from an issuer’s subsequent financing or recapitalization, models incorporating
financial ratios and projected cash flows of the issuer and market prices for comparable issuers.

Collateralized Debt Obligations and Collateralized Loan Obligations

CDOs and CLOs are measured based on prices observed from recently executed market transactions of the same or
similar security or based on valuations received from third party brokers or data providers and are categorized within
Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy depending on the observability and significance of the pricing inputs.
Valuation that is based on recently executed market transactions of similar securities incorporates additional review
and analysis of pricing inputs and comparability criteria, including, but not limited to, collateral type, tranche type,
rating, origination year, prepayment rates, default rates, and loss severity.

U.S. Government and Federal Agency Securities

• U.S.  Treasury  Securities:  U.S.  Treasury  securities  are  measured  based  on  quoted  market  prices  and

categorized within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

• U.S. Agency Debt Securities: Callable and non-callable U.S. agency debt securities are measured primarily
based on quoted market prices obtained from external pricing services and are generally categorized within
Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

Municipal Securities

Municipal securities are measured based on quoted prices obtained from external pricing services and are generally
categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

Sovereign Obligations

Sovereign government obligations are measured based on quoted market prices obtained from external pricing services,
where  available,  or  recently  executed  independent  transactions  of  comparable  size. To  the  extent  external  price
quotations are not available or recent transactions have not been observed, valuation techniques incorporating interest
rate yield curves and country spreads for bonds of similar issuers, seniority and maturity are used to determine fair
value of sovereign bonds or obligations. Sovereign government obligations are classified in Level 1 or Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy, primarily based on the country of issuance.

Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities

• Agency Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities: Agency residential mortgage-backed securities include
mortgage  pass-through  securities  (fixed  and  adjustable  rate),  collateralized  mortgage  obligations  and
principal-only securities and are generally measured using market price quotations from external pricing
services and categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

• Agency Residential Interest-Only and Inverse Interest-Only Securities (“agency Inverse IOs”): The fair value
of agency Inverse IOs is estimated using expected future cash flow techniques that incorporate prepayment
models and other prepayment assumptions to amortize the underlying mortgage loan collateral. We use
prices observed from recently executed transactions to develop market-clearing spread and yield curve

F-30

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

assumptions. Valuation inputs with regard to the underlying collateral incorporate weighted average coupon,
loan-to-value, credit scores, geographic location, maximum and average loan size, originator, servicer, and
weighted average loan age. Agency Inverse IOs are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
We also use vendor data in developing our assumptions, as appropriate.

• Non-Agency Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities: The fair value of non-agency residential mortgage-
backed securities is determined primarily using discounted cash flow methodologies and securities are
categorized within Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy based on the observability and significance
of the pricing inputs used. Performance attributes of the underlying mortgage loans are evaluated to estimate
pricing inputs, such as prepayment rates, default rates and the severity of credit losses. Attributes of the
underlying mortgage loans that affect the pricing inputs include, but are not limited to, weighted average
coupon; average and maximum loan size; loan-to-value; credit scores; documentation type; geographic
location; weighted average loan age; originator; servicer; historical prepayment, default and loss severity
experience of the mortgage loan pool; and delinquency rate. Yield curves used in the discounted cash flow
models are based on observed market prices for comparable securities and published interest rate data to
estimate market yields. In addition, broker quotes, where available, are also referenced to compare prices
primarily on interest-only securities.

Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities

• Agency Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities: Government National Mortgage Association (“GNMA”)
project loan bonds are measured based on inputs corroborated from and benchmarked to observed prices of
recent securitization transactions of similar securities with adjustments incorporating an evaluation of various
factors, including prepayment speeds, default rates, and cash flow structures as well as the likelihood of
pricing  levels  in  the  current  market  environment.  Federal  National  Mortgage Association  (“FNMA”)
Delegated Underwriting and Servicing (“DUS”) mortgage-backed securities are generally measured by using
prices observed for recently executed market transactions to estimate market-clearing spread levels for
purposes of estimating fair value. GNMA project loan bonds and FNMA DUS mortgage-backed securities
are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

• Non-Agency Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities: Non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities
are measured using pricing data obtained from external pricing services and prices observed from recently
executed market transactions and are categorized within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

Other Asset-Backed Securities

Other asset-backed securities include, but are not limited to, securities backed by auto loans, credit card receivables,
student  loans  and  other  consumer  loans  and  are  categorized  within  Level  2  and  Level  3  of  the  fair  value
hierarchy. Valuations are primarily determined using pricing data obtained from external pricing services and broker
quotes and prices observed from recently executed market transactions.

Loans and Other Receivables

• Corporate Loans: Corporate loans categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy are measured based
on market price quotations where market price quotations from external pricing services are supported by
transaction data. Corporate loans categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are measured based
on price quotations that are considered to be less transparent, market prices for debt securities of the same

F-31

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

creditor and estimates of future cash flow incorporating assumptions regarding creditor default and recovery
rates and consideration of the issuer’s capital structure.

• Participation Certificates in Agency Residential Loans: Valuations of participation certificates in agency
residential loans are based on observed market prices of recently executed purchases and sales of similar
loans. The loan participation certificates are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy given the
observability and volume of recently executed transactions and availability of data provider pricing.

• Project Loans and Participation Certificates in GNMA Project and Construction Loans: Valuations of
participation certificates in GNMA project and construction loans are based on inputs corroborated from and
benchmarked to observed prices of recent securitizations with similar underlying loan collateral to derive an
implied spread. Securitization prices are adjusted to estimate the fair value of the loans incorporating an
evaluation for various factors, including prepayment speeds, default rates and cash flow structures as well as
the likelihood of pricing levels in the current market environment. The measurements are categorized within
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy given the observability and volume of recently executed transactions.

• Consumer Loans and Funding Facilities: Consumer and small business whole loans and related funding
facilities are valued based on observed market transactions and incorporating valuation inputs including,
but not limited to, delinquency and default rates, prepayment rates, borrower characteristics, loan risk grades
and loan age. These assets are categorized within Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

• Escrow and Trade Claim Receivables: Escrow and trade claim receivables are categorized within Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy where fair value is estimated based on reference to market prices and implied yields
of debt securities of the same or similar issuers. Escrow and trade claim receivables are categorized within
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy where fair value is based on recent trade activity in the same receivable.

Derivatives

• Listed Derivative Contracts: Listed derivative contracts that are actively traded are measured based on quoted
exchange prices, broker quotes or vanilla option valuations models, such as Black-Scholes, using observable
valuation inputs from the principal market. Exchange quotes and/or valuation inputs are generally obtained
from external vendors and pricing services. Brokers quotes are validated directly through observable and
tradeable quotes. Listed derivative contracts that use unadjusted exchange close prices are generally classified
within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. All other listed derivative contracts are generally categorized within
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

• Over-the-counter (“OTC”) Derivative Contracts: OTC derivative contracts are generally valued using models,
whose inputs reflect assumptions that we believe market participants would use in valuing the derivative in a
current transaction. Inputs to valuation models are appropriately calibrated to market data. For many OTC
derivative contracts, the valuation models do not involve material subjectivity as the methodologies do not
entail significant judgment and the inputs to valuation models do not involve a high degree of subjectivity as
the valuation model inputs are readily observable or can be derived from actively quoted markets. OTC
derivative contracts are primarily categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy given the observability
and  significance  of  the  inputs  to  the  valuation  models.  Where  significant  inputs  to  the  valuation  are
unobservable, derivative instruments are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

OTC options include OTC equity, foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity options measured using
various valuation models, such as the Black-Scholes, with key inputs including the underlying security price,
foreign exchange spot rate, commodity price, implied volatility, dividend yield, interest rate curve, strike
price and maturity date. Discounted cash flow models are utilized to measure certain OTC derivative contracts

F-32

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

including the valuations of our interest rate swaps, which incorporate observable inputs related to interest
rate curves, valuations of our foreign exchange forwards and swaps, which incorporate observable inputs
related to foreign currency spot rates and forward curves and valuations of our commodity swaps and
forwards,  which  incorporate  observable  inputs  related  to  commodity  spot  prices  and  forward
curves. Discounted cash flow models are also utilized to measure certain variable funding note swaps, which
are backed by CLOs and incorporate constant prepayment rate, constant default rate and loss severity
assumptions. Credit default swaps include both index and single-name credit default swaps. External prices
are available as inputs in measuring index credit default swaps and single-name credit default swaps. For
commodity and equity total return swaps, market prices are generally observable for the underlying asset
and used as the basis for measuring the fair value of the derivative contracts. Total return swaps executed on
other underlyings are measured based on valuations received from external pricing services.

• National Beef Derivatives: National Beef uses futures contracts in order to reduce its exposure associated
with entering into firm commitments to purchase live cattle at prices determined prior to the delivery of the
cattle as well as firm commitments to sell certain beef products at sales prices determined prior to shipment.
The futures contracts and their related firm purchase commitments are accounted for at fair value, which
are classified as Level 1 or Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Certain firm commitments for live cattle
purchases and all firm commitments for sales are treated as normal purchases and sales and therefore not
marked to market. Fair values classified as Level 1 are calculated based on the quoted market prices of
identical assets or liabilities compared to National Beef’s cost of those same assets or liabilities. Fair values
classified as Level 2 are calculated based on the difference between the contracted price for live cattle and
the relevant quoted market price for live cattle futures.

• Oil Futures Derivatives: Vitesse uses swaps and call and put options in order to reduce exposure to future
oil price fluctuations. Vitesse accounts for the derivative instruments at fair value, which are classified as
Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Fair values classified as Level 2 are determined under the income
valuation technique using an option-pricing model that is based on directly or indirectly observable inputs.

Investments at Fair Value

Investments at fair value included in Trading assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition include
direct equity investments in private companies, which are measured at fair value using valuation techniques involving
quoted prices of or market data for comparable companies, similar company ratios and multiples (e.g., price/EBITDA,
price/book value), discounted cash flow analysis and transaction prices observed for subsequent financing or capital
issuance by the company. Direct equity investments in private companies are categorized within Level 2 or Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy. Additionally, investments at fair value include investments in insurance contracts relating to
Jefferies defined benefit plan in Germany. Fair value for the insurance contracts are determined using a third party and
is categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

Investment in FXCM

FXCM is a provider of online foreign exchange trading services. In January 2015, we entered into a credit agreement
with FXCM, and provided FXCM a $300 million senior secured term loan due January 2017 (the term of which was
subsequently extended to January 2019), with rights to a variable proportion of certain future distributions in connection
with an FXCM sale of assets or certain other events, and to require a sale of FXCM beginning in January 2018. The
loan had an initial interest rate of 10% per annum, increasing by 1.5% per annum each quarter, not to exceed 20.5%
per annum. During the year ended December 31, 2017, interest accrued at 20.5% per annum. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, we received $114.9 million of principal and interest from FXCM and $69.9 million of principal

F-33

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

remained outstanding under the term loan as of December 31, 2017. Through December 31, 2017, we have received
cumulatively $331.6 million of principal, interest and fees from our initial $279.0 million investment in FXCM.

Through September 1, 2016, the total amount of our investment in FXCM was reported within Trading assets, at fair
value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, and unrealized and realized changes in value, including
the component related to interest income on the loan, were included within Principal transactions in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. We recorded gains (losses) in Principal transactions of $23.2 million during the year ended
December 31, 2017 from our term loan and $(54.6) million and $491.3 million during the years ended December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively, from our term loan and related rights.

On September 1, 2016, we, Global Brokerage Inc. (“Global Brokerage”) and Global Brokerage Holdings entered into
an agreement that amended the terms of our loan and associated rights. On November 10, 2017, the terms of our loan
and associated rights were amended further. Among other changes, the amendments during 2016 and 2017 extended
the repayment date of the remaining loan balance to January 2019; and exchanged our rights for a 50% voting interest
in FXCM and up to 75% of all distributions. Through these amendments, we also gained the right to appoint three of
six board members for FXCM. We have the right, as does Global Brokerage Holdings, the owner of the remaining
50% of FXCM voting interest that is not held by Leucadia, to require a sale of FXCM beginning in January 2018.
Distributions to Leucadia under the amended agreements are now: 100% until amounts due under the loan are repaid;
50% of the next $350 million; then 90% of the next $600 million; and 60% of all amounts thereafter.

Through the amendment on September 1, 2016 we gained the ability to significantly influence FXCM through our
seats on the board of directors. As a result, we classify our equity investment in FXCM in our December 31, 2017 and
2016 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Loans to and investments in associated companies. We account
for our equity interest on a one month lag. As the amendments only extended the maturity of the term loan, we continue
to use the fair value option and classify our term loan within Trading assets, at fair value.

During February 2017, Global Brokerage Holdings and FXCM’s U.S. subsidiary, Forex Capital Markets LLC (“FXCM
U.S.”) settled complaints filed by the National Futures Association (“NFA”) and the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission (“CFTC”) against FXCM U.S. and certain of its principals relating to matters that occurred between 2010
and 2014. As part of the settlements, FXCM U.S. withdrew from business and sold FXCM U.S.’s customer accounts.
FXCM also implemented a restructuring plan that included the termination of approximately 22% of its global
workforce. The proceeds from the sale of the U.S. accounts, net of closure and severance costs, as well as regulatory
capital released after the sale, has been used to pay down the Leucadia term loan.

FXCM is considered a variable interest entity (“VIE”) and our term loan and equity ownership are variable interests.
We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of FXCM because we do not have the power to direct the
activities that most significantly impact FXCM’s performance. Therefore, we do not consolidate FXCM and we account
for our equity interest under the equity method as an investment in an associated company.

Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement with FXCM is limited to the carrying value of the term
loan ($72.8 million) and the investment in associated company ($158.9 million), which totaled $231.7 million at
December 31, 2017.

We estimate the fair value of our term loan by using a valuation model with inputs including management’s assumptions
concerning the amount and timing of expected cash flows, the loan’s implied credit rating and effective yield. Because
of these inputs and the degree of judgment involved, we have categorized our term loan within Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy.

F-34

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements

As described further in Note 10, in the first quarter of 2017 we engaged an independent valuation firm to assist
management in estimating the fair value of our equity investment in FXCM. Our first quarter estimate of fair value
was based on a discounted cash flow and comparable public company analysis and is categorized within Level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy. The discounted cash flow valuation model used inputs including management’s projections of
future FXCM cash flows and a discount rate of approximately 15%. The comparable public company model used
market data for comparable companies including a price to EBITDA multiple of 5.4 and a price to revenue multiple of
1.5. The estimated fair value of our equity investment in FXCM was $186.7 million, which was $130.2 million lower
than the carrying value at the end of the first quarter 2017. As a result, an impairment charge of $130.2 million was
recorded in Income (loss) related to associated companies in the first quarter of 2017.

In 2015, we recorded impairment charges in Selling, general and other expenses of $27.7 million, primarily related to a
$20.3 million impairment at JETX and an impairment charge related to National Beef’s Brawley plant (which was closed
in 2014) of $4.7 million. JETX owns both proved and unproved oil and gas properties that are included in Other assets
in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For the oil and gas impairment test related to proved properties,
we compare expected undiscounted future net cash flows to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset. If the future
undiscounted net cash flows are lower than the unamortized capital cost, we reduce the capitalized cost to fair market
value. We used a third party reserve report in which the cash flows were calculated using West Texas Intermediate (oil)
and Henry Hub (gas) NYMEX futures prices as of December 31, 2015. For one of our oil fields, the undiscounted net
cash flows were lower than the unamortized capital cost and as a result, we wrote off the total capital cost.

In the third quarter of 2016, JETX curtailed development of both its southern acreage in the East Eagle Ford and its
Houston County acreage and performed an impairment analysis of these unproved oil and gas properties. To measure
the estimated fair value of the unproved properties, we used unobservable Level 3 inputs, which took into account the
following factors: remaining lease terms, drilling results and/or future plans to develop the acreage. The estimated fair
value of JETX’s southern acreage in the East Eagle Ford and its Houston County acreage totaled $51.6 million, which
was $55.0 million lower than the carrying value as of the end of third quarter of 2016. As a result, an impairment
charge of $55.0 million was recorded in Selling, general and other expenses in the third quarter of 2016.

In the third quarter of 2017, JETX decided to focus on its other higher returning acreage and as a result JETX wrote
off the remaining carrying value for its Houston County acreage. JETX recorded an impairment charge of $10.1 million
in Selling, general and other expenses in the third quarter of 2017 related to the write-down of unproved oil and gas
properties.

Investments at Fair Value Based on NAV and Investments in Managed Funds

Investments at fair value based on NAV and Investments in managed funds include investments in hedge funds, fund
of funds, private equity funds and other funds, which are measured at the NAV of the funds provided by the fund
managers and are excluded from the fair value hierarchy.

F-35

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

The following tables present information about our investments in entities that have the characteristics of an investment
company (in thousands).
                                                                                                                                                              December 31, 2017
                                                                                                                                 ______________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Redemption
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Frequency
                                                                                                                                                                      Unfunded                (if currently 
                                                                                                                                 Fair Value (1)          Commitments                eligible)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    _____________________                         ______________________                             ___________________
Equity Long/Short Hedge Funds (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $407,895              $   –                        (2)
Fixed Income and High Yield Hedge Funds (3)  . . . . . . . . .                   417                   –                          –
Fund of Funds (4)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   189                   –                          –
Equity Funds (5)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               26,798                19,084                    –
Multi-asset Fund (6)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            154,805                   –                          –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _______________                                     _____________
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $590,104              $19,084
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _______________                                     _____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _______________                                     _____________
                                                                                                                                                               December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                                 ______________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Redemption
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Frequency
                                                                                                                                                                       Unfunded                 (if currently 
                                                                                                                                  Fair Value (1)            Commitments                 eligible)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    _____________________                         ______________________                             ___________________
Equity Long/Short Hedge Funds (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $363,256              $   –                        (2)
Fixed Income and High Yield Hedge Funds (3)  . . . . . . . . .                   772                   –                          –
Fund of Funds (4)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   230                   –                          –
Equity Funds (5)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               42,179                 20,295                     –
Multi-asset Fund (6)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            133,190                   –                          –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _______________                                     _____________
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $539,627               $20,295
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _______________                                     _____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _______________                                     _____________

(1)   Where fair value is calculated based on NAV, fair value has been derived from each of the funds’ capital

statements.

(2)   This category includes investments in hedge funds that invest, long and short, in primarily equity securities in
domestic and international markets in both the public and private sectors. At December 31, 2017 and 2016,
73% and 83%, respectively, of these investments are redeemable with 10 business days or less prior written
notice, and 15% and 17%, respectively, are redeemable with 30 to 60 days prior written notice.

(3)   This category includes investments in funds that invest in loans secured by a first trust deed on property,
domestic and international public high yield debt, private high yield investments, senior bank loans, public
leveraged equities, distressed debt and private equity investments. There are no redemption provisions.

(4)   This category includes investments in fund of funds that invest in various private equity funds. The investments
in this category are managed by us and have no redemption provisions. These investments are gradually being
liquidated or we have requested redemption, however, we are unable to estimate when these funds will be received.

(5)   The investments in this category include investments in equity funds that invest in the equity of various U.S.
and foreign private companies in the energy, technology, internet service and telecommunication service
industries. These investments cannot be redeemed; instead distributions are received through the liquidation of
the underlying assets of the funds, which are expected to liquidate in one to six years.

(6)   This category includes investments in hedge funds that invest, long and short, primarily in multi-asset securities
in domestic and international markets in both the public and private sectors. At both December 31, 2017 and
2016,  investments  representing  approximately  12%  of  the  fair  value  of  investments  in  this  category  are
redeemable with 30 days prior written notice.

F-36

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

Other Secured Financings

Other secured financings that are accounted for at fair value include notes issued by consolidated VIEs, which are
classified as Level 2 or Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Fair value is based on recent transaction prices for
similar assets.

Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt

Short-term borrowings that are accounted for at fair value include equity-linked notes, which are generally categorized
as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, as the fair value is based on the price of the underlying equity security. Long-
term debt includes variable rate, fixed-to-floating rate, CMS (constant maturity swap) and Bermudan structured notes.
These are valued using various valuation models that incorporate Jefferies own credit spread, market price quotations
from external pricing sources referencing the appropriate interest rate curves, volatilities and other inputs and are
generally categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In addition, pricing transparency has been evidenced
based on transaction data from recently issued notes.

Transfers Between Levels 1 and 2 for Instruments Carried at Fair Value

There were no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015.

F-37

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

Level 3 Rollforwards

The following is a summary of changes in fair value of our financial assets and liabilities that have been categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the year ended December 31, 2017 (in thousands):

                                                                                                                Year Ended December 31, 2017

                                                                                                                                                                     Changes in
                                                                                                                                                                     unrealized
              Total gains                                                                                                                                   gains (losses)
                 (losses)                                                                                             Net                                     relating to
                (realized                                                                                       transfers                               instruments
Balance,              and                                                                                               into           Balance at       still held at
December 31,   unrealized)                                                                                      (out of)      December 31,  December 31,
___________   _________   _________   ______   __________   ________   ________   ___________  ___________

2016                  (1)           Purchases      Sales      Settlements    Issuances      Level 3             2017               2017 (1)

Assets:

Trading assets:

Corporate equity

securities  . . . . . . .   $ 21,739      $ 3,353       $

896  $

(1,623) $

52    $

–         $ (2,147)      $ 22,270        $ 2,606

Corporate debt

securities  . . . . . . .
CDOs and CLOs  . . .
Municipal securities .
Residential mortgage-
backed securities .
Commercial mortgage-
backed securities .

Other asset-backed

25,005
54,354
27,257

(3,723)
(27,238)
(1,547)

36,850
112,239

–

(34,077)
(101,226)
(25,710)

(1,968)
(367)
–

38,772

(10,817)

6,805

(26,193)

(115)

20,580

(5,346)

3,275

(5,263)

(1,018)

securities  . . . . . . .

40,911

(17,705)

77,508

(8,613)

(25,799)

81,872

24,794

63,768

(53,095)

(34,622)

314,359
164,500

20,975
23,161

18,528

(22,818)

–

(1,100)
(114,861)

Loans and other

receivables . . . . . .

Investments at fair

value  . . . . . . . . . .
Investment in FXCM .

Liabilities:

Trading liabilities:

Corporate equity

–
–
–

–

–

–

–

–
–

3,949
4,422
–

17,625

191

26,036
42,184

–

26,077

12,419

(3,768)
(20,262)

–

(7,201)

(6,976)

(5,173)

61,129

(12,562)

(35,413)

47,304

–
–

329,944
72,800

17,451

22,999
1,070

securities  . . . . . . .   $

313      $

60       $

(373) $

Corporate debt

securities  . . . . . . .
Commercial mortgage-
backed securities .
Net derivatives (2)  . . . . .
Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other secured financings  .

523

–
3,441
378
418

(1)

–

105
(1,638)
196
(418)

–
–
(385)
–

48   $

–         $

–         $

–             $

48        $

–

–

–

5,558

–
–

–

–
456
–
–

–

–

(1,071)
812
–

522

105
6,746
3,486
–

1

(105)
(17,740)
(2,639)

–

–

–

–
–

2,485

–

(1)   Realized and unrealized gains (losses) are reported in Principal transactions in the Consolidated Statements of

Operations.

(2)   Net derivatives represent Trading assets - Derivatives and Trading liabilities - Derivatives.

Analysis of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2017

During the year ended December 31, 2017, transfers of assets of $38.2 million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy are attributed to:

• Residential mortgage-backed securities of $19.6 million and corporate debt securities of $8.3 million due

to a lack of observable market transactions.

F-38

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

During the year ended December 31, 2017, transfers of assets of $54.9 million from Level 3 to Level 2 are attributed to:

• Loans and other receivables of $40.9 million due to greater pricing transparency supporting classification

into Level 2.

Net gains on Level 3 assets were $5.9 million and net gains on Level 3 liabilities were $1.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017. Net gains on Level 3 assets were primarily due to increased valuations of our investment in FXCM,
investments at fair value and certain loans and other receivables partially offset by decreased valuations of CDOs and
CLOs, other asset-backed securities and residential mortgage-backed securities. Net gains on Level 3 liabilities were
primarily due to increased valuations of certain net derivatives.

The following is a summary of changes in fair value of our financial assets and liabilities that have been categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the year ended December 31, 2016 (in thousands):

                                                                                                                  Year Ended December 31, 2016

                                                                                                                                                                     Changes in
                                                                                                                                                                      unrealized
               Total gains                                                                                                                                   gains (losses)
                 (losses)                                                                                             Net                                      relating to
                 (realized                                                                                        transfers                                 instruments
Balance,              and                                                                                                into            Balance at        still held at

December 31,    unrealized)                                                                                       (out of)      December 31,   December 31,
___________   _________   _________   ______   __________   ________   ________   ___________  ___________

2015                  (1)            Purchases       Sales      Settlements     Issuances      Level 3              2016               2016 (1)

Assets:

Trading assets:

Corporate equity

securities  . . . . . . .   $ 40,906       $ (8,463)      $ 3,365  $

(49) $

(671)   $

–         $(13,349)       $ 21,739         $

291

Corporate debt

securities  . . . . . . .
CDOs and CLOS  . . .
Municipal securities .
Sovereign obligations .
Residential mortgage-
backed securities .
Commercial mortgage-
backed securities .

Other asset-backed

25,876
85,092

–
120

(16,230)
(14,918)
(1,462)
5

27,242
52,316

–
–

(29,347)
(69,394)

–
(125)

(7,223)
(2,750)

–
–

70,263

(9,612)

623

(12,249)

(931)

14,326

(7,550)

3,132

(2,024)

(2,229)

securities  . . . . . . .

42,925

(14,381)

133,986

(102,952)

(8,769)

Loans and other

receivables . . . . . .

189,289

(42,566)

75,264

(69,262)

(46,851)

Investments at fair

value . . . . . . . . . .

199,794

54,538

29,728

(542)

(1,107)

Investment in

–
–
–
–

–

–

–

–

–

24,687
4,008
28,719

–

25,005
54,354
27,257

–

(9,322)

38,772

14,925

20,580

(18,799)
(7,628)
(1,462)

–

(1,095)

(7,243)

(9,898)

40,911

(18,056)

(24,002)

81,872

(52,003)

31,948

314,359

54,608

FXCM (2)  . . . . . .

625,689

(54,634)

–

–

(406,555)

–                 –

164,500

(1,014)

Liabilities:

Trading liabilities:

Corporate equity

securities  . . . . . . .   $

38       $

–            $

–        $

313   $

(38)   $

–         $

–             $

313         $

Corporate debt

securities  . . . . . . .
Net derivatives (3)  . . . . .
Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other secured financings  .

–
(242)
10,469
544

(27)
(1,760)

–
(126)

–
–
–
–

550
11,101
378
–

31

–

–
–

–

2,067

–
–

–

(7,756)
(10,469)

–

523
3,441
378
418

–

–

(6,458)

–
(126)

(1)   Realized and unrealized gains (losses) are reported in Principal transactions in the Consolidated Statements of

Operations.

(2)   Includes $334.5 million related to the settlement of our participation rights for equity ownership in FXCM on
September 1, 2016. We classify the equity ownership as a Loan to and investment in associated company at
December 31, 2017 and 2016.

(3)   Net derivatives represent Trading assets – Derivatives and Trading liabilities – Derivatives.

F-39

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

Analysis of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2016

During the year ended December 31, 2016, transfers of assets of $179.6 million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy are attributed to:

• CDOs and CLOs of $19.4 million, residential mortgage-backed securities of $17.5 million, commercial
mortgage-backed securities of $17.4 million and other asset-backed securities of $16.9 million, for which
no recent trade activity was observed for purposes of determining observable inputs;

• Loans and other receivables of $13.8 million due to a lower number of contributors for certain vendor quotes

supporting classification within Level 2; and

• Corporate debt securities of $28.1 million, investments at fair value of $31.9 million and municipal securities

of $28.7 million due to a lack of observable market transactions.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, transfers of assets of $133.2 million from Level 3 to Level 2 are attributed to:

• Residential mortgage-backed securities of $26.8 million, other asset-backed securities of $26.8 million and
CDOs and CLOs of $15.4 million for which market trades were observed in the year for either identical or
similar securities;

• Loans and other receivables of $37.8 million due to a greater number of contributors for certain vendor

quotes supporting classification into Level 2; and

• Corporate equity securities of $19.2 million due to an increase in observable market transactions.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, there were transfers of loan liabilities of $10.5 million from Level 3 to
Level 2 due to an increase in observable inputs in the valuation.

Net losses on Level 3 assets were $115.3 million and net gains on Level 3 liabilities were $1.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016. Net losses on Level 3 assets were primarily due to decreased valuations of our investment
in FXCM, loans and other receivables, corporate debt securities, CDOs and CLOs, other asset-backed securities,
residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities and corporate equity securities partially offset by increased
valuations of certain investments at fair value. Net gains on Level 3 liabilities were primarily due to increased valuations
of certain net derivatives.

F-40

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

The following is a summary of changes in fair value of our financial assets and liabilities that have been categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the year ended December 31, 2015 (in thousands):

                                                                                                                  Year Ended December 31, 2015

                                                                                                                                                                     Changes in
                                                                                                                                                                      unrealized
               Total gains                                                                                                                                   gains (losses)
                 (losses)                                                                                             Net                                      relating to
                 (realized                                                                                        transfers                                 instruments
Balance,              and                                                                                                into            Balance at        still held at

December 31,    unrealized)                                                                                       (out of)      December 31,   December 31,
___________   _________   _________   ______   __________   ________   ________   ___________  ___________

2014                  (1)            Purchases       Sales      Settlements     Issuances      Level 3              2015               2015 (1)

Assets:

Trading assets:

Corporate equity

securities  . . . . . . .   $ 20,964       $ 11,154       $ 21,385  $

(6,391) $

–         $

–         $ (6,206)       $ 40,906         $ 11,424

Corporate debt

securities  . . . . . . .
CDOs and CLOs  . . .
Municipal securities .
Sovereign obligations .
Residential mortgage-
backed securities .
Commercial mortgage-
backed securities .

Other asset-backed

securities  . . . . . . .

Loans and other

receivables . . . . . .

Investments at fair

value  . . . . . . . . . .
Investment in FXCM  .

22,766
124,650

–
–

(11,013)
(66,332)
10
47

21,534
104,998

–
1,032

(14,636)
(107,381)

–

(1,031)

–

(5,754)
(21,551)

–

82,557

(12,951)

18,961

(31,762)

(597)

26,655

(3,813)

3,480

(10,146)

(6,861)

2,294

(990)

42,922

(1,299)

(2)

97,258

(14,755)

792,345

(576,536)

(124,365)

77,047

–

62,804
491,341

5,510
279,000

(425)
–

(4,093)
(144,652)

–
–
–
–

–

–

–

–

–
–

7,225
34,911
21,541
72

14,055

5,011

–

25,876
85,092

–
120

70,263

14,326

42,925

(9,443)
(48,514)

–
39

(4,498)

(3,205)

(254)

15,342

189,289

(16,802)

58,951

–

199,794
625,689

(1,964)
491,341

Liabilities:

Trading liabilities:

Corporate equity

securities  . . . . . . .   $

38       $

–            $

–        $

–        $

–         $

–         $

–              $

38         $

–

Corporate debt

securities  . . . . . . .
Net derivatives (2)  . . . . .
Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other secured financings  .

223
(4,638)
14,450
30,825

(110)
(7,310)
(163)
–

(6,804)
(6,705)
(2,059)

–

6,691
13,522
229
–

–

–

37

–

2,437

–

(15,704)

36,995

–
2,415
(1,988)
(51,572)

–                       –
(242)
10,469
544

4,754
104
–

(1)   Realized and unrealized gains (losses) are reported in Principal transactions in the Consolidated Statements of

Operations.

(2)   Net derivatives represent Trading assets – Derivatives and Trading liabilities – Derivatives.

Analysis of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2015

During the year ended December 31, 2015, transfers of assets of $236.7 million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy are attributed to:

• CDOs and CLOs of $69.8 million, non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $30.4 million and
commercial mortgage-backed securities of $11.3 million for which no recent trade activity was observed
for purposes of determining observable inputs;

• Municipal securities of $21.5 million and loans and other receivables of $20.1 million due to a lower number

of contributors for certain vendor quotes supporting classification within Level 2; and

F-41

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

• Corporate debt securities of $7.4 million and investments at fair value of $74.7 million due to a lack of

observable market transactions.

During the year ended December 31, 2015, transfers of assets of $85.8 million from Level 3 to Level 2 are attributed to:

• Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $16.3 million and commercial mortgage-backed
securities of $6.3 million for which market trades were observed in the year for either identical or similar
securities;

• CDOs and CLOs of $34.9 million and loans and other receivables of $4.7 million due to a greater number

of contributors for certain vendor quotes supporting classification into Level 2; and

•

Investments at fair value of $15.8 million and corporate equity securities of $7.7 million due to an increase
in observable market transactions.

During the year ended December 31, 2015, there were transfers of other secured financings of $51.6 million from
Level 3 to Level 2 due to an increase in observable inputs in the valuation.

Net gains on Level 3 assets were $455.5 million and net gains on Level 3 liabilities were $7.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015. Net gains on Level 3 assets were primarily due to increased valuations of our investment in FXCM
and increase in valuation of certain investments at fair value and corporate equity securities partially offset by decreased
valuations of CDOs and CLOs, certain loans and other receivables and residential and commercial mortgage-backed
securities. Net gains on Level 3 liabilities were primarily due to increased valuations of certain net derivatives.

Quantitative Information about Significant Unobservable Inputs used in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements

The tables below present information on the valuation techniques, significant unobservable inputs and their ranges for
our financial assets and liabilities, subject to threshold levels related to the market value of the positions held, measured
at fair value on a recurring basis with a significant Level 3 balance. The range of unobservable inputs could differ
significantly across different firms given the range of products across different firms in the financial services sector. The
inputs are not representative of the inputs that could have been used in the valuation of any one financial instrument (i.e.,
the input used for valuing one financial instrument within a particular class of financial instruments may not be appropriate
for valuing other financial instruments within that given class). Additionally, the ranges of inputs presented below should
not be construed to represent uncertainty regarding the fair values of our financial instruments; rather the range of inputs
is reflective of the differences in the underlying characteristics of the financial instruments in each category.

For certain categories, we have provided a weighted average of the inputs allocated based on the fair values of the
financial instruments comprising the category. We do not believe that the range or weighted average of the inputs is
indicative of the reasonableness of uncertainty of our Level 3 fair values. The range and weighted average are driven
by the individual financial instruments within each category and their relative distribution in the population. The
disclosed inputs when compared with the inputs as disclosed in other periods should not be expected to necessarily be
indicative of changes in our estimates of unobservable inputs for a particular financial instrument as the population of
financial instruments comprising the category will vary from period to period based on purchases and sales of financial
instruments during the period as well as transfers into and out of Level 3 each period.

F-42

$3 to $75

$6
$7
8%
40%
17%
$10
20%
2%

25% to 30%
3% to 26%
8% to 45%
3% to 19%

2 years to 4 years

6% to 10%
2% to 26%
8% to 65%

1 year to 3 years

26% to 32%
$52 to $56
0% to 33%

1 year to 6 years

5% to 39%

$100
14%
76%

$54 to $100
13% to 107%

$33.0

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
26%
12%
26%
10%
3
8%
12%
44%
2
28%
$54.0
23%
2
9%
–
–
–

$95.0
78%

December 31, 2017

Valuation                               Significant                                                    Weighted
Technique                    Unobservable Input(s)               Input/Range       Average
_________                    ___________________               ___________      _______

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

Financial Instruments Owned
__________________________
Corporate equity securities

Non-exchange traded securities

Fair Value

(in thousands)
___________

$  18,109

Corporate debt securities

$  26,036

Market approach

Price
Underlying stock price
Comparable asset price

Comparable pricing
Convertible bond model  Discount rate/yield

CDOs and CLOs

$  38,845

Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate

Market approach

Volatility
Estimated recovery percentage
Price

Residential mortgage-backed

$  26,077

securities

Commercial mortgage-backed

$  12,419

securities

Constant default rate
Loss severity
Discount rate/yield
Estimated recovery percentage

Scenario analysis
Discounted cash flows Cumulative loss rate

Duration (years)
Discount rate/yield
Discounted cash flows Discount rate/yield

Scenario analysis

Cumulative loss rate
Duration (years)
Estimated recovery percentage
Price

Other asset-backed securities

$  61,129

Discounted cash flows Cumulative loss rate

Loans and other receivables

Derivatives

Total return swaps
Interest rate swaps

Investments at fair value

Private equity securities

Investment in FXCM

Term loan

Trading Liabilities
________________
Derivatives

Equity options

Unfunded commitments
Total return swaps
Variable funding note swaps

Market approach
Scenario analysis
$  46,121 Market approach

Scenario analysis

Duration (years)
Discount rate/yield
Price
Estimated recovery percentage
Estimated recovery percentage
Price
Estimated recovery percentage

$    9,295

$110,010

$  72,800

Fair Value

(in thousands)
___________

$ 16,041

Market approach
Market approach

Price
Credit spread

Market approach

Transaction level
Price
Discount rate

Discounted cash flows Term based on the pay off (years)

$101 to $106

$103.0

800 bps

–

$3 to $250

$172.0

$7
20%

0 months
to 1 year

–
–

0.2 years

Valuation                               Significant                                                    Weighted
Technique                    Unobservable Input(s)               Input/Range       Average
_________                    ___________________               ___________      _______

Option model/
default rate

Default probability

Market approach
Market approach
Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate

Price
Price

Constant default rate
Loss severity
Discount rate/yield

0%

$99

–

–

$101 to $106

$103.0

20%
2%
25%
26%

–
–
–
–

F-43

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

Financial Instruments Owned
__________________________
Corporate equity securities

Non-exchange traded securities

Fair Value

(in thousands)
___________

$  19,799

December 31, 2016

Valuation                               Significant                                                    Weighted
Technique                    Unobservable Input(s)               Input/Range       Average
_________                    ___________________               ___________      _______

Market approach
Comparable pricing

Present value

Underlying stock price
Underlying stock price
Comparable asset price
Average silver production 

(tons per day)

$3 to $75

$15.0

Corporate debt securities

$  25,005

Convertible bond model Discount rate/yield

CDOs and CLOs

$  33,016

Residential mortgage-backed 

$  38,772

securities

Commercial mortgage-backed 

$  20,580

securities 

Market approach
Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate

Volatility
Transaction level

Constant default rate
Loss severity
Yield
Estimated recovery percentage

Scenario analysis
Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate

Constant default rate
Loss severity
Yield
Discounted cash flows Yield

Cumulative loss rate

Other asset-backed securities

$  40,911

Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate

Loans and other receivables

$  54,347

$    6,429

$  67,383

$164,500

Fair Value

(in thousands)
___________

$    9,870

Derivatives

Equity swaps
Credit default swaps

Investments at fair value
Private equity securities

Investment in FXCM

Term loan

Trading Liabilities
________________
Derivatives

Equity options

Equity swaps
Unfunded commitments
Variable funding note swaps

Market approach
Market approach

Present value

Constant default rate
Loss severity
Yield
Price
Discount rate/yield
EBITDA (a) multiple
Transaction level
Average silver production 

(tons per day)

Scenario analysis

Estimated recovery percentage

6% to 50%

Comparable pricing
Market approach

Comparable asset price
Credit spread

Market approach

Transaction level
Price
Discount rate

Discounted cash flows

Term based on the pay off (years)

$102

265 bps

$250

$25,815,720
15% to 30%

0 months
to 0.5 years

Valuation                               Significant                                                    Weighted
Technique                    Unobservable Input(s)               Input/Range       Average
_________                    ___________________               ___________      _______

Option model
Default rate
Comparable pricing
Market approach
Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate

Volatility
Default probability
Comparable asset price
Discount rate/yield

Constant default rate
Loss severity
Yield

45%
0%
$102
4%
20%
2%
25%
16%

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

(a)   Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”).

F-44

$218
$11
666

9%
40%
$30

10% to 20%
2% to 4%
25% to 70%
7% to 17%
28% to 38%
0% to 11%
1% to 7%

35% to 100%
2% to 10%
6% to 11%
5% to 95%
4% to 20%
0% to 31%
0% to 100%
4% to 17%

$72

2% to 4%

3.3
$0.42
666

–
–
–

–
–
–
19%
2%
40%
12%
31%
5%
3%
62%
6%
8%
39%
14%
13%
90%
15%
–
3%
–
–
–

37%

–
–

–
–
23%

0.4 years

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

The fair values of certain Level 3 assets and liabilities that were determined based on third-party pricing information,
unadjusted past transaction prices, reported net asset value or a percentage of the reported enterprise fair value are
excluded from the above tables. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, asset exclusions consisted of $228.6 million and
$325.0 million, respectively, primarily comprised of investments at fair value, private equity securities, CDOs and
CLOs, municipal securities, non-exchange traded securities and loans and other receivables. At December 31, 2017
and 2016, liability exclusions consisted of $4.2 million and $1.6 million, respectively, of other secured financings,
commercial mortgage-backed securities, loans and corporate debt and equity securities.

Sensitivity of Fair Values to Changes in Significant Unobservable Inputs

For recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the sensitivity of the fair
value measurement to changes in significant unobservable inputs and interrelationships between those unobservable
inputs (if any) are described below:

• Non-exchange traded securities and equity swaps using comparable pricing valuation techniques. A significant
increase (decrease) in the comparable asset and underlying stock price in isolation would result in a significantly
higher (lower) fair value measurement.

• Corporate debt securities using a convertible bond model. A significant increase (decrease) in the bond discount
rate/yield would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. A significant increase (decrease)
in volatility would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.

• Non-exchange traded securities, corporate debt securities, loans and other receivables, unfunded commitments,
credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, total return swaps, other asset-backed securities and private equity
securities using a market approach valuation technique. A significant increase (decrease) in the EBITDA or
other multiples in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. A significant
increase (decrease) in the discount rate/yield of a loan and other receivable or certain derivatives would result
in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. A significant increase (decrease) in the transaction
level  of  a  private  equity  security,  corporate  debt  security  or  loan  and  other  receivable  would  result  in  a
significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. A significant increase (decrease) in the underlying stock
price of the non-exchange traded securities would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.
A significant increase (decrease) in the credit spread of certain derivatives would result in a significantly lower
(higher) fair value measurement. A significant increase (decrease) in the price of the private equity securities,
non-exchange traded securities, corporate debt securities, unfunded commitments, total return swaps, other
asset-backed securities or loans and other receivables would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value
measurement. A significant increase (decrease) in the estimated recovery rates of the cash flow outcomes
underlying the corporate debt securities and loans and other receivables would result in a significantly higher
(lower) fair value measurement.

• Loans and other receivables, CDOs and CLOs, commercial mortgage-backed securities and other asset-backed
securities using scenario analysis. A significant increase (decrease) in the possible recovery rates of the cash
flow outcomes underlying the investment would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement
for the financial instrument. A significant increase (decrease) in the price of the commercial mortgage-backed
securities would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.

• CDOs and CLOs, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities and
variable funding notes using a discounted cash flow valuation technique. A significant increase (decrease) in
isolation in the constant default rate, loss severity or cumulative loss rate would result in a significantly lower
(higher) fair value measurement. The impact of changes in the constant prepayment rate and duration would

F-45

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

have differing impacts depending on the capital structure and type of security. A significant increase (decrease)
in the discount rate/security yield would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement.

• Derivative equity options using an option model. A significant increase (decrease) in volatility would result in

a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.

• Derivative equity options using a default rate model. A significant increase (decrease) in default probability

would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement.

• Non-exchange traded securities and loans and other receivables using a present value model. A significant
increase (decrease) in average silver production would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value
measurement.

• FXCM term loan using a discounted cash flow valuation technique. A significant increase (decrease) in term

based on the time to pay off the loan would result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement.

Fair Value Option Election

We  have  elected  the  fair  value  option  for  all  loans  and  loan  commitments  made  by  Jefferies  capital  markets
businesses. These loans and loan commitments include loans entered into by Jefferies Investment Banking division in
connection with client bridge financing and loan syndications, loans purchased by Jefferies leveraged credit trading
desk as part of its bank loan trading activities and mortgage and consumer loan commitments, purchases and fundings
in connection with mortgage- and other asset-backed securitization activities. Loans and loan commitments originated
or purchased by Jefferies leveraged credit and mortgage-backed businesses are managed on a fair value basis. Loans
are included in Trading assets and loan commitments are included in Trading liabilities. The fair value option election
is not applied to loans made to affiliate entities as such loans are entered into as part of ongoing, strategic business
ventures. Loans to affiliate entities are included in Loans to and investments in associated companies in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition and are accounted for on an amortized cost basis. Jefferies has also elected the fair
value option for certain of its structured notes which are managed by Jefferies capital markets business and are included
in Long-term debt and Short-term borrowings in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Jefferies has
elected the fair value option for certain financial instruments held by its subsidiaries as the investments are risk managed
on a fair value basis. The fair value option has also been elected for certain secured financings that arise in connection
with Jefferies securitization activities and other structured financings. Other secured financings, receivables from
brokers, dealers and clearing organizations, receivables from customers of securities operations, payables to brokers,
dealers and clearing organizations and payables to customers of securities operations, are accounted for at cost plus
accrued interest rather than at fair value; however, the recorded amounts approximate fair value due to their liquid or
short-term nature.

The following is a summary of Jefferies gains (losses) due to changes in instrument specific credit risk on loans, other
receivables and debt instruments and gains (losses) due to other changes in fair value on long-term debt and short-
term borrowings measured at fair value under the fair value option for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015 (in thousands):

F-46

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

                                                                                                                                           2017                      2016                      2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ________                                           ________                                             ________
       Financial instruments owned:
           Loans and other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $ 22,088          $(68,812)         $(17,389)
       Financial instruments sold:
           Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $
           Loan commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $
       Long-term debt:
           Changes in instrument specific credit risk (1)  . . . . . . . . .       $(34,609)         $(10,745)         $    –
           Other changes in fair value (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $ 47,291          $ 30,995          $    –
       Short-term borrowings:
           Other changes in fair value (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $     (681)         $  –                 $    –

–                 $        9          $     (162)
230           $  5,509           $  7,502

(1)   Changes in instrument specific credit risk related to structured notes are included in the Consolidated Statements

of Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of taxes.

(2)   Other changes in fair value are included within Principal transactions revenues in the Consolidated Statements

of Operations.

The following is a summary of the amount by which contractual principal exceeds fair value for loans and other
receivables and long-term debt measured at fair value under the fair value option (in thousands):

                                                                                                                                                         December 31,                December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                 2017                               2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 _________________________                           _________________________
       Financial instruments owned:
           Loans and other receivables (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $752,076             $1,325,938
           Loans and other receivables on nonaccrual status and/or 
               greater than 90 days past due (1) (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $159,462             $   205,746
       Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $  32,839            $     20,202

(1)   Interest income is recognized separately from other changes in fair value and is included within Interest income

in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

(2)   Amounts include all loans and other receivables greater than 90 or more days past due by which contractual

principal exceeds fair value of $38.7 million and $64.6 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

The aggregate fair value of Jefferies loans and other receivables on nonaccrual status and/or greater than 90 days or
more past due, was $55.1 million and $29.8 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which includes loans
and other receivables greater than 90 days past due of $37.4 million and $18.9 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.

Jefferies had elected the fair value option for its investment in KCG Holdings, Inc. (“KCG”). The change in the fair
value of this investment was $93.4 million, $19.6 million and $49.1 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Jefferies investment in KCG was sold in July 2017. Additionally, in connection with a KCG shares and warrants
exchange transaction, Jefferies earned advisory fees of $2.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2016. Jefferies
has also separately entered into securities lending transactions with KCG in the normal course of its capital markets
activities. The balances of Securities borrowed and Securities loaned were $9.2 million and $9.2 million, respectively,
at December 31, 2016.

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, we owned approximately 46.6 million common shares of HRG, representing
approximately 23% of HRG’s outstanding common shares, which are accounted for under the fair value option. The
shares  are  included  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Financial  Condition  at  fair  value  of  $789.9  million  and 

F-47

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 4.  Fair Value Disclosures, continued:

$725.1 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The shares were acquired at an aggregate cost of $475.6
million. The change in the fair value of our investment in HRG was $64.8 million, $93.2 million and $(28.0) million
during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As reported in its Form 10-K for its fiscal
years ended September 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, HRG’s revenues were $5,008.5 million, $5,048.6 million and $4,753.8
million, respectively; net income (loss) from continuing operations was $102.9 million, $144.2 million and $(219.7)
million, respectively; net income (loss) was $273.2 million, $(33.9) million and $(512.4) million, respectively; and net
income (loss) attributable to HRG was $106.0 million, $(198.8) million and $(556.8) million, respectively. We currently
have two directors on HRG’s board, including our Chairman who serves as HRG’s Chairman and CEO.

We believe accounting for these investments at fair value better reflects the economics of these investments, and quoted
market prices for these investments provides an objectively determined fair value at each balance sheet date. Our
investment in HomeFed, which is a publicly traded company, is accounted for under the equity method of accounting
rather than the fair value option method. HomeFed’s common stock is not listed on any stock exchange, and price
information for the common stock is not regularly quoted on any automated quotation system. It is traded in the over-
the-counter market with high and low bid prices published by the NASD OTC Bulletin Board Service; however, trading
volume is minimal. For these reasons, we did not elect the fair value option for HomeFed.

Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value

Certain of our financial instruments are not carried at fair value but are recorded at amounts that approximate fair
value due to their liquid or short-term nature and generally negligible credit risk. These financial assets include Cash
and cash equivalents and Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes or deposited with
clearing and depository organizations and would generally be presented in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Cash
and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes or deposited with clearing and depository organizations
includes U.S. Treasury securities with a fair value of $99.7 million and $99.9 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. See Note 26 for additional information related to financial instruments not measured at fair value.

Note 5.  Derivative Financial Instruments:

Off-Balance Sheet Risk

Jefferies has contractual commitments arising in the ordinary course of business for securities loaned or purchased
under  agreements  to  resell,  repurchase  agreements,  future  purchases  and  sales  of  foreign  currencies,  securities
transactions on a when-issued basis and underwriting. Each of these financial instruments and activities contains
varying degrees of off-balance sheet risk whereby the fair values of the securities underlying the financial instruments
may be in excess of, or less than, the contract amount. The settlement of these transactions is not expected to have a
material effect upon our consolidated financial statements.

Derivative Financial Instruments

Derivative activities are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition in Trading assets
and Trading liabilities, net of cash paid or received under credit support agreements and on a net counterparty basis
when a legally enforceable right to offset exists under a master netting agreement. Predominantly, Jefferies and our
Leucadia Asset Management businesses may enter into derivative transactions to satisfy the needs of its clients and to
manage its own exposure to market and credit risks resulting from trading activities. In addition, Jefferies applies hedge
accounting to an interest rate swap that has been designated as a fair value hedge of the changes in fair value due to
the benchmark interest rate for certain fixed rate senior long-term debt. See Notes 4 and 24 for additional disclosures
about derivative financial instruments.

F-48

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 5.  Derivative Financial Instruments, continued:

Derivatives are subject to various risks similar to other financial instruments, including market, credit and operational
risk. The risks of derivatives should not be viewed in isolation, but rather should be considered on an aggregate basis
along with our other trading-related activities. Jefferies manages the risks associated with derivatives on an aggregate
basis along with the risks associated with proprietary trading as part of its firm wide risk management policies.

In connection with Jefferies derivative activities, Jefferies may enter into International Swaps and Derivative Association,
Inc. (“ISDA”) master netting agreements or similar agreements with counterparties. See Note 11 for additional
information with respect to financial statement offsetting.

The following tables present the fair value and related number of derivative contracts categorized by type of derivative
contract as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The fair
value of assets/liabilities represents our receivable/payable for derivative financial instruments, gross of counterparty
netting and cash collateral received and pledged. The following tables also provide information regarding: 1) the extent
to  which,  under  enforceable  master  netting  arrangements,  such  balances  are  presented  net  in  our  Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition as appropriate under GAAP and 2) the extent to which other rights of setoff associated
with these arrangements exist and could have an effect on our financial position (in thousands, except contract amounts):

 __________                         __________

                                                                                                                                                    December 31, 2017
                                                                                                                ______________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                   Assets                                           Liabilities
                                                                                                                _________________________________________________             __________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                            Number of                                       Number of
                                                                                                                  Fair Value          Contracts           Fair Value            Contracts
                                                                                                                    _____________________             _______________________           _____________________                 _____________________
Derivatives designated as accounting hedges –
    interest rate contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $     –                      –           $        2,420                       1
            
Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges:
    Interest rate contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 1,717,058            38,941   $ 1,708,776              12,828
    Foreign exchange contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        366,541              6,463         349,512                4,612
    Equity contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     1,373,016       2,728,750      1,638,258         2,118,526
    Commodity contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            3,093              7,249             5,141                6,047
    Credit contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          38,261                 130           41,801                   191
 __________                         __________
            
        Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     3,497,969                             3,743,488
    Counterparty/cash-collateral netting (1)  . . . . . . . . .    (3,318,481)                           (3,490,514)
            
 __________                         __________
        Total derivatives not designated as 
            accounting hedges  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 179,488                          $    252,974
            
 __________                         __________
        Total per Consolidated Statement of 
            Financial Condition (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 179,488                          $  255,394
            
 __________                         __________
            
 __________                         __________

F-49

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 5.  Derivative Financial Instruments, continued:

                                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                ______________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                   Assets                                           Liabilities
                                                                                                                _________________________________________________             __________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                             Number of                                        Number of
                                                                                                                  Fair Value           Contracts            Fair Value             Contracts
                                                                                                                    _____________________             _______________________           _____________________                 _____________________
Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges:
    Interest rate contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $ 3,282,245           29,032  $ 3,159,457             34,845
    Foreign exchange contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        529,669             7,826         516,869               8,319
    Equity contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        786,987      2,843,329      1,169,201        2,414,715
    Commodity contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            1,906             2,766             6,430               7,289
    Credit contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          26,269                311           28,065             20,084
 __________                         __________
            
        Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     4,627,076                            4,880,022
    Counterparty/cash-collateral netting (1)  . . . . . . . . .    (4,255,998)                         (4,229,213)
            
 __________                         __________
        Total per Consolidated Statement of 
            Financial Condition (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $    371,078                        $  650,809
            
 __________                         __________
            
 __________                         __________

(1)   Amounts netted include both netting by counterparty and for cash collateral paid or received.

(2)   We have not received or pledged additional collateral under master netting agreements and/or other credit
support agreements that is eligible to be offset beyond what has been offset in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition.

The following table provides information related to gains (losses) recognized in Interest expense of Jefferies in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations on a fair value hedge for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(in thousands):

                                                                                                                                           2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ________                                           ________                                             ________
Interest rate swaps  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $(2,091)          $    –                  $    –
Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            8,124                 –                        –
                                      
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $ 6,033           $    –                  $    –
                                      
                                      

                                                         ___________                              ____________                              ____________
                                                         ___________                              ____________                              ____________
                                                         ___________                              ____________                              ____________

The  following  table  presents  unrealized  and  realized  gains  (losses)  on  derivative  contracts  which  are  primarily
recognized in Principal transactions revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, which are utilized in connection with our client activities and our economic risk
management activities (in thousands):

                                                                                                                                           2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ________                                           ________                                             ________
Interest rate contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $    3,171        $  (36,559)       $  (36,792)
Foreign exchange contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            4,376              20,401              36,233
Equity contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       (319,775)         (635,305)         (137,219)
Commodity contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (9,049)             (3,339)           (13,625)
Credit contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            1,959                5,013            (16,223)
                                               _______________                      _______________                       _______________
                                      
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $(319,318)       $(649,789)       $(167,626)
                                      
                                               _______________                      _______________                       _______________
                                      
                                               _______________                      _______________                       _______________

The net gains (losses) on derivative contracts in the table above are one of a number of activities comprising Jefferies
business activities and are before consideration of economic hedging transactions, which generally offset the net gains
(losses) included above. Jefferies substantially mitigates its exposure to market risk on its cash instruments through
derivative contracts, which generally provide offsetting revenues, and Jefferies manages the risk associated with these
contracts in the context of its overall risk management framework.

F-50

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 5.  Derivative Financial Instruments, continued:

OTC Derivatives. The following tables set forth by remaining contract maturity the fair value of OTC derivative assets
and liabilities as reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017 (in thousands):

                                                                                                                                           OTC Derivative Assets (1)(2)(3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ____________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                                         Cross-
                                                                                                                                                           Greater Than     Maturity
                                                                                                            0-12 Months      1-5 Years          5 Years         Netting (4)           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       _________________         ______________             ______________             ______________             ______________
Commodity swaps, options and forwards . . . . . . . .      $  –          $           4        $  –         $           (4)    $    –
Equity swaps and options  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           3,082         7,053            2,137          (1,442)        10,830
Credit default swaps  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              567            105          17,344          (5,625)        12,391
Total return swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         34,228         1,581              –                  (193)        35,616
Foreign currency forwards, swaps and options . . . .        108,465       31,235              –             (62,812)        76,888
Interest rate swaps, options and forwards . . . . . . . .         28,111     166,403          74,048        (83,534)      185,028
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ______________          ______________                     ____________           _______________             ______________
       Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $174,453   $206,381        $93,529    $(153,610)      320,753
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ______________          ______________                     ____________           _______________                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ______________          ______________                     ____________           _______________                                                   
Cross product counterparty netting  . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                         (23,732)
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                              ______________
       Total OTC derivative assets included in 
           Trading assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                      $297,021
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                              ______________
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                              ______________

(1)   At December 31, 2017, we held exchange traded derivative assets, other derivatives assets and other credit

agreements with a fair value of $28.4 million, which are not included in this table.

(2)   OTC derivative assets in the table above are gross of collateral received. OTC derivative assets are recorded net of
collateral received in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. At December 31, 2017, cash collateral
received was $146.0 million.

(3)   Derivative fair values include counterparty netting within product category.

(4)   Amounts represent the netting of receivable balances with payable balances for the same counterparty within

product category across maturity categories.

                                                                                                                                       OTC Derivative Liabilities (1)(2)(3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ____________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                                                                         Cross-
                                                                                                                                                           Greater Than     Maturity
                                                                                                            0-12 Months      1-5 Years          5 Years         Netting (4)           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       _________________         ______________             ______________             ______________             ______________
Commodity swaps, options and forwards . . . . . . . .      $    2,772      $      301    $    –         $           (4)    $    3,069
Equity swaps and options  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                78        172,670          3,780          (1,442)      175,086
Credit default swaps  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              104          16,540          3,953          (5,625)        14,972
Total return swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         28,920            1,517           –                  (193)        30,244
Foreign currency forwards, swaps and options . . . .         91,640          31,173           –             (62,812)        60,001
Fixed income forwards  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           8,512             –                  –                 –                  8,512
Interest rate swaps, options and forwards . . . . . . . .         16,544          96,484     151,624        (83,534)      181,118
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ______________                ______________           ______________           _______________             ______________
       Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $148,570      $318,685   $159,357    $(153,610)      473,002
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ______________                ______________           ______________           _______________                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ______________                ______________           ______________           _______________                                                   
Cross product counterparty netting  . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                        (23,732)
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                              ______________
       Total OTC derivative liabilities included in 
           Trading liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                                     $449,270
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                              ______________
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                              ______________

(1)   At December 31, 2017, we held exchange traded derivative liabilities, other derivative liabilities and other credit

agreements with a fair value of $124.1 million, which are not included in this table.

(2)   OTC derivative liabilities in the table above are gross of collateral pledged. OTC derivative liabilities are recorded
net of collateral pledged in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. At December 31, 2017, cash
collateral pledged was $318.0 million.

F-51

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 5.  Derivative Financial Instruments, continued:

(3)   Derivative fair values include counterparty netting within product category.

(4)   Amounts represent the netting of receivable balances with payable balances for the same counterparty within

product category across maturity categories.

At December 31, 2017, the counterparty credit quality with respect to the fair value of our OTC derivative assets was
as follows (in thousands):

            Counterparty credit quality (1):
             A- or higher . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $173,843
             BBB- to BBB+  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          40,565
             BB+ or lower . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          48,338
             Unrated  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          34,275
             ______________
                              
Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $297,021
            
                              
             ______________
                              
             ______________

(1)   Jefferies utilizes internal credit ratings determined by the Jefferies Risk Management department. Credit ratings
determined by Risk Management use methodologies that produce ratings generally consistent with those produced
by external rating agencies.

Credit Related Derivative Contracts

The external credit ratings of the underlyings or referenced assets for our written credit related derivative contracts (in
millions):

                                                                                                                                 External Credit Rating
                                                                                                                    _________________________________
                                                                                                                                                          Non-investment
                                                                                                                    Investment Grade                Grade                  Total Notional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        _______________________________              ___________________________                  ___________________________
December 31, 2017
________________
Credit protection sold:
   Index credit default swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   $    3.0                  $126.0                  $129.0
   Single name credit default swaps  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     129.1                      89.1                  $218.2

December 31, 2016
________________
Credit protection sold:
   Index credit default swaps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   $  54.0                   $  92.0                   $146.0
   Single name credit default swaps  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     122.4                     261.2                   $383.6

Contingent Features

Certain of Jefferies derivative instruments contain provisions that require their debt to maintain an investment grade
credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies. If Jefferies debt were to fall below investment grade, it
would be in violation of these provisions and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate
payment or demand immediate and ongoing full overnight collateralization on Jefferies derivative instruments in liability
positions. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with such credit-risk-related contingent features that
are in a liability position at December 31, 2017 and 2016 is $95.1 million and $70.6 million, respectively, for which
Jefferies has posted collateral of $80.8 million and $44.4 million, respectively, in the normal course of business. If the
credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements were triggered on December 31, 2017 and 2016,
Jefferies would have been required to post an additional $14.3 million and $26.1 million, respectively, of collateral to
its counterparties.

F-52

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 5.  Derivative Financial Instruments, continued:

Other Derivatives

National Beef uses futures contracts in order to reduce its exposure associated with entering into firm commitments
to purchase live cattle at prices determined prior to the delivery of the cattle as well as firm commitments to sell certain
beef products at sales prices determined prior to shipment. National Beef accounts for the futures contracts at fair
value. Firm commitments for sales are treated as normal sales and therefore not marked to market. Certain firm
commitments to purchase cattle, are marked to market when a price has been agreed upon, otherwise they are treated
as normal purchases and, therefore, not marked to market. The gains and losses associated with the change in fair value
of the futures contracts and offsetting gains and losses associated with changes in the market value of certain of the
firm purchase commitments are recorded to Beef processing services revenue and Cost of sales in the period of change.

Vitesse uses swaps and call and put options in order to reduce exposure to future oil price fluctuations. Vitesse accounts
for the derivative instruments at fair value. The gains and losses associated with the change in fair value of the derivatives
are recorded in Other revenues.

Note 6.  Collateralized Transactions:

Jefferies enters into secured borrowing and lending arrangements to obtain collateral necessary to effect settlement,
finance inventory positions, meet customer needs or re-lend as part of dealer operations. Jefferies monitors the fair
value of the securities loaned and borrowed on a daily basis as compared with the related payable or receivable, and
requests additional collateral or returns excess collateral, as appropriate. Jefferies pledges financial instruments as
collateral under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements and other secured arrangements, including
clearing arrangements. Jefferies agreements with counterparties generally contain contractual provisions allowing the
counterparty the right to sell or repledge the collateral. Pledged securities owned that can be sold or repledged by the
counterparty are included in Financial instruments owned and noted parenthetically as Securities pledged on our
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

The following tables set forth the carrying value of securities lending arrangements and repurchase agreements by
class of collateral pledged and remaining contractual maturity (in thousands):

                                                                                                                    Securities Lending          Repurchase
Collateral Pledged                                                                                        Arrangements              Agreements                      Total
_______________________________                                                                                                                                                                           _______________________________              ___________________________                  ___________________________
December 31, 2017
Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $2,353,798          $     214,413          $  2,568,211
Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 470,908              2,336,702              2,807,610
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                      2,562,268              2,562,268
U.S. government and federal agency securities  . . . . . . .                   19,205            11,792,534            11,811,739
Municipal securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                         444,861                 444,861
Sovereign securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                      2,023,530              2,023,530
Loans and other receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                         454,941                 454,941
                                      
                            _________________                         ___________________                         ___________________
       Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $2,843,911          $19,829,249          $22,673,160
                                      
                            _________________                         ___________________                         ___________________
                                      
                            _________________                         ___________________                         ___________________
December 31, 2016
Corporate equity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $2,046,243          $       66,291          $  2,112,534
Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 731,276              1,907,888              2,639,164
Mortgage- and asset-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                      2,171,480              2,171,480
U.S. government and federal agency securities  . . . . . . .                   41,613              9,232,624              9,274,237
Municipal securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                         553,010                 553,010
Sovereign securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                      2,625,079              2,625,079
Loans and other receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    –                         455,960                 455,960
                           _________________                        ___________________                        ___________________
                                      
       Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $2,819,132          $17,012,332          $19,831,464
                                      
                           _________________                        ___________________                        ___________________
                                      
                           _________________                        ___________________                        ___________________

F-53

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 6.  Collateralized Transactions, continued:

                                                                                                                                              Contractual Maturity
                                                                                                                                                                                              ________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                 Overnight                                                                  Greater
                                                                                                       and                   Up to                  30 to                   than
                                                                                                Continuous           30 Days              90 Days              90 Days                Total
                                                                                                                                                                                              _________________               ______________                   ______________                   ______________               _________________
December 31, 2017
Securities lending arrangements  . . . . . .          $  1,676,940    $    –            $   741,971    $   425,000   $  2,843,911
Repurchase agreements  . . . . . . . . . . . . .            10,780,474      4,058,228      3,211,464      1,779,083     19,829,249
          ___________    __________    __________    __________   ___________
                
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $12,457,414    $4,058,228    $3,953,435    $2,204,083   $22,673,160
                
          ___________    __________    __________    __________   ___________
                
          ___________    __________    __________    __________   ___________
December 31, 2016
________________
Securities lending arrangements  . . . . . .         $  2,131,891    $     39,673    $   104,516    $   543,052  $  2,819,132
Repurchase agreements  . . . . . . . . . . . . .             9,147,176      2,008,119      3,809,533      2,047,504    17,012,332
          ___________    __________    __________    __________   ___________
                
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $11,279,067    $2,047,792    $3,914,049    $2,590,556  $19,831,464
                
          ___________    __________    __________    __________   ___________
                
          ___________    __________    __________    __________   ___________

Jefferies receives securities as collateral under resale agreements, securities borrowing transactions and customer
margin loans. Jefferies also receives securities as collateral in connection with securities-for-securities transactions in
which it is the lender of securities. In many instances, Jefferies is permitted by contract to rehypothecate the securities
received as collateral. These securities may be used to secure repurchase agreements, enter into securities lending
transactions, satisfy margin requirements on derivative transactions or cover short positions. At December 31, 2017
and 2016, the approximate fair value of securities received as collateral by Jefferies that may be sold or repledged was
$27.1 billion and $25.5 billion, respectively. A substantial portion of these securities have been sold or repledged.

Note 7.  Securitization Activities:

Jefferies engages in securitization activities related to corporate loans, commercial mortgage loans, consumer loans
and mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities. In securitization transactions, Jefferies transfers assets to
special purpose entities (“SPEs”) and acts as the placement or structuring agent for the beneficial interests sold to
investors by the SPE. A significant portion of the securitization transactions are securitization of assets issued or
guaranteed by U.S. government agencies. These SPEs generally meet the criteria of VIEs; however, the SPEs are
generally not consolidated as Jefferies is not considered the primary beneficiary for these SPEs.

Jefferies accounts for securitization transactions as sales provided it has relinquished control over the transferred
assets. Transferred assets are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in Principal transactions
revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations prior to the identification and isolation for securitization.
Subsequently, revenues recognized upon securitization are reflected as net underwriting revenues. Jefferies generally
receives cash proceeds in connection with the transfer of assets to an SPE. Jefferies may, however, have continuing
involvement with the transferred assets, which is limited to retaining one or more tranches of the securitization (primarily
senior and subordinated debt securities in the form of mortgage- and other asset-backed securities or CLOs), which
are included in Trading assets and are generally initially categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Jefferies
applies fair value accounting to the securities.

F-54

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 7.  Securitization Activities, continued:

The following table presents activity related to Jefferies securitizations that were accounted for as sales in which it had
continuing involvement during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):

                                                                                                                                2017                            2016                            2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________                                                        ________                                                         ________
       Transferred assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $4,552.9                $5,786.0                $5,770.5
       Proceeds on new securitizations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              4,594.5                  5,809.0                  5,811.3
       Cash flows received on retained interests . . . . . . . .                    28.7                       28.2                       31.2

Jefferies has no explicit or implicit arrangements to provide additional financial support to these SPEs, has no liabilities
related to these SPEs and has no outstanding derivative contracts executed in connection with these securitizations at
December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The following table summarizes Jefferies retained interests in SPEs where it transferred assets and has continuing
involvement and received sale accounting treatment (in millions):

Securitization Type
__________________________

       U.S. government agency residential 
           mortgage-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
       U.S. government agency commercial 
           mortgage-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
       CLOs  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
       Consumer and other loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

December 31, 2017                     December 31, 2016

_________________________________                       _________________________________
Retained                                      Retained
Interests            Total Assets        Interests
___________                       ________________              ___________

Total Assets
________________

$6,383.5

$28.2           $7,584.9        $31.0

2,075.7
3,957.8
247.6

81.4             1,806.3          29.6
20.3             4,102.2          37.0
47.8                395.7          25.3

Total assets represent the unpaid principal amount of assets in the SPEs in which Jefferies has continuing involvement
and are presented solely to provide information regarding the size of the transactions and the size of the underlying
assets supporting its retained interests, and are not considered representative of the risk of potential loss. Assets retained
in connection with a securitization transaction represent the fair value of the securities of one or more tranches issued
by an SPE, including senior and subordinated tranches. Jefferies risk of loss is limited to this fair value amount which
is included in total Trading assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Although not obligated, in connection with secondary market-making activities Jefferies may make a market in the
securities issued by these SPEs. In these market-making transactions, Jefferies buys these securities from and sells
these securities to investors. Securities purchased through these market-making activities are not considered to be
continuing involvement in these SPEs. To the extent Jefferies purchased securities through these market-making
activities and Jefferies is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, these securities are included in agency
and non-agency mortgage- and asset-backed securitizations in the nonconsolidated VIEs section presented in Note 9.

Foursight Capital also utilized SPEs to securitize automobile loans receivable. These SPEs are VIEs and our subsidiary
is the primary beneficiary; the related assets and the secured borrowings are recognized in the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Condition. These secured borrowings do not have recourse to our subsidiary’s general credit. See Note 9
for further information on securitization activities and VIEs.

F-55

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 8.  Available for Sale Securities:

The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of investments classified as available
for sale at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                              Gross                    Gross               Estimated
                                                                                                          Amortized             Unrealized           Unrealized               Fair
                                                                                                                Cost                      Gains                   Losses                  Value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      _________________                            __________________                       __________________                     _________________
       2017
       Bonds and notes:
           U.S. government securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $552,847           $  –                   $  42            $552,805
           Residential mortgage-backed securities  . . . .         34,381                  272                 92                34,561
           Commercial mortgage-backed securities  . . .           5,857                    17                   4                  5,870
           Other asset-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . .         34,837                    46                 44                34,839
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
               Total fixed maturities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       627,922                  335               182              628,075
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
       Equity securities:
           Common stocks:
               Banks, trusts and insurance companies  . .         35,071             17,500                 –                   52,571
               Industrial, miscellaneous and all other  . . .         17,504             18,411                 –                   35,915
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
                Total equity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         52,575             35,911                 –                   88,486
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
                                                                                       $680,497           $36,246             $182            $716,561
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
       2016
       Bonds and notes:
           U.S. government securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $174,938           $         8            $  13           $174,933
           Residential mortgage-backed securities  . . . .         19,129                  108              104               19,133
           Commercial mortgage-backed securities  . . .           8,275                    64                  2                 8,337
           Other asset-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . .         18,918                  124                –                  19,042
           All other corporates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              180                –                        1                    179
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
               Total fixed maturities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       221,440                  304              120             221,624
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
       Equity securities:
           Common stocks:
               Banks, trusts and insurance companies  . .         35,071             15,115                –                  50,186
               Industrial, miscellaneous and all other  . . .         17,946             11,293                –                  29,239
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
                Total equity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         53,017             26,408                –                  79,425
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
                                      
                                                                                       $274,457           $26,712            $120           $301,049
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________
                                      
          ______________                            ____________                                  _______                              ______________

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investments classified as available for sale at December 31, 2017, by
contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities are likely to differ from contractual maturities because
borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.
                                                                                                                                                                             Amortized         Estimated
                                                                                                                                                                                   Cost               Fair Value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________           _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                          (In thousands)
Due within one year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $552,847       $552,805
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ______________                   ______________
           552,847         552,805
               
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             75,075           75,270
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ______________                   ______________
         $627,922       $628,075
               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ______________                   ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ______________                   ______________

At December 31, 2017, the unrealized losses on investments which have been in a continuous unrealized loss position
for 12 months or longer were not significant.

F-56

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 9.  Variable Interest Entities:

VIEs  are  entities  in  which  equity  investors  lack  the  characteristics  of  a  controlling  financial  interest. VIEs  are
consolidated by the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the party who has both the power to direct the
activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and an obligation to absorb losses
of the entity or a right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the entity.

Our variable interests in VIEs include debt and equity interests, equity interests in associated companies, commitments,
guarantees and certain fees. Our involvement with VIEs arises primarily from the following activities, but also includes
other activities discussed below:

• Purchases of securities in connection with our trading and secondary market-making activities;

• Retained interests held as a result of securitization activities, including the resecuritization of mortgage- and
other asset-backed securities and the securitization of commercial mortgage, corporate and consumer loans;

• Acting as placement agent and/or underwriter in connection with client-sponsored securitizations;

• Financing of agency and non-agency mortgage- and other asset-backed securities;

• Real estate investments;

• Warehouse funding arrangements for client-sponsored consumer loan vehicles and CLOs through participation

certificates and revolving loan and note commitments; and

• Loans to, investments in and fees from various investment vehicles.

We determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE upon our initial involvement with the VIE and we
reassess whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE on an ongoing basis. Our determination of whether we are
the primary beneficiary of a VIE is based upon the facts and circumstances for each VIE and requires significant
judgment. Our considerations in determining the VIE’s most significant activities and whether we have power to direct
those activities include, but are not limited to, the VIE’s purpose and design and the risks passed through to investors,
the voting interests of the VIE, management, service and/or other agreements of the VIE, involvement in the VIE’s
initial design and the existence of explicit or implicit financial guarantees. In situations where we have determined
that the power over the VIE’s significant activities is shared, we assess whether we are the party with the power over
the most significant activities. If we are the party with the power over the most significant activities, we meet the
“power” criteria of the primary beneficiary. If we do not have the power over the most significant activities or we
determine that decisions require consent of each sharing party, we do not meet the “power” criteria of the primary
beneficiary.

We assess our variable interests in a VIE both individually and in aggregate to determine whether we have an obligation
to absorb losses of or a right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The
determination of whether our variable interest is significant to the VIE requires significant judgment. In determining
the significance of our variable interest, we consider the terms, characteristics and size of the variable interests, the
design and characteristics of the VIE, our involvement in the VIE and our market-making activities related to the
variable interests.

Consolidated VIEs

The following table presents information about the assets and liabilities of our consolidated VIEs, which are presented
in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition in the respective asset and liability categories (in millions). The
assets and liabilities in the table below are presented prior to consolidation and thus a portion of these assets and
liabilities are eliminated in consolidation.

F-57

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 9.  Variable Interest Entities, continued:

                                                                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                   2017                 December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                                                           ____________ _______________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Real Estate 
                                                                                                                                                                     Securitization  Securitization      Investment
                                                                                                                                                                          Vehicles            Vehicles             Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                      ___________   ___________  ____________
    Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $     11.7    $     18.4         $    2.2
    Financial instruments owned  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   37.6           86.6             –
    Securities purchased under agreements to resell (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 729.3         733.5             –
    Receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 318.1         277.7           296.9
    Loans to and investments in associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  –                –                 108.7
    Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   15.5           14.5             10.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________
        Total assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $1,112.2    $1,130.7         $418.6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________
    Other secured financings (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $1,073.5    $1,083.8         $ –
    Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  –                 24.1           243.9
    Other (3)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   38.3           22.3             11.7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________
        Total liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $1,111.8    $1,130.2         $255.6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________
    Noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $    –          $  –               $  98.7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _____________            _____________                          __________

(1)   Securities purchased under agreements to resell represent an amount due under a collateralized transaction on a

related consolidated entity, which is eliminated in consolidation.

(2)   Approximately $44.1 million and $57.6 million of the secured financing represents an amount held by Jefferies

in inventory and eliminated in consolidation at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

(3)   Includes $32.0 million and $20.0 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, of intercompany

payables that are eliminated in consolidation.

Securitization Vehicles. Jefferies is the primary beneficiary of mortgage-backed financing vehicles to which Jefferies
sells agency and non-agency residential and commercial mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities pursuant to
the terms of a master repurchase agreement. Jefferies manages the assets within these vehicles. Jefferies variable
interests in these vehicles consist of its collateral margin maintenance obligations under the master repurchase agreement
and retained interests in securities issued. The assets of these VIEs consist of reverse repurchase agreements, which
are available for the benefit of the vehicle’s debt holders. The creditors of these VIEs do not have recourse to Jefferies
general credit and each such VIE’s assets are not available to satisfy any other debt.

Jefferies is also the primary beneficiary of securitization vehicles associated with their financing of consumer and
small business loans. In the creation of the securitization vehicles, Jefferies was involved in the decisions made during
the establishment and design of the entities and holds variable interests consisting of the securities retained that could
potentially be significant. The assets of the VIEs consist of the small business loans and term loans backed by consumer
installment receivables, which are available for the benefit of the vehicles’ beneficial interest holders. The creditors of
the VIEs do not have recourse to Jefferies general credit and the assets of the VIEs are not available to satisfy any other
debt.

At December 31,  2017 and  2016,  Foursight  Capital is  the primary beneficiary of SPEs it utilized  to securitize
automobile loans receivable. Foursight Capital acts as the servicer for which it receives a fee, and owns an equity
interest in the SPEs. The notes issued by the SPEs are secured solely by the assets of the SPEs and do not have recourse
to Foursight Capital’s general credit and the assets of the VIEs are not available to satisfy any other debt. During the
year ended December 31, 2017, a pool of automobile loan receivables aggregating $186.5 million was securitized by
Foursight Capital in connection with a secured borrowing offering. The majority of the proceeds from issuance of the
secured borrowing were used to pay down Foursight Capital’s two credit facilities.

F-58

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 9.  Variable Interest Entities, continued:

Real Estate Investment Vehicles. At December 31, 2016, 54 Madison, which we consolidated as a result of our control
of the 54 Madison investment committee, had real estate investments in which it is the primary beneficiary. 54 Madison
was involved in the decisions made during the establishment and design of the investment entities. 54 Madison’s variable
interests consisted of its investment in and management of the assets within these entities. The assets of these VIEs
consisted primarily of financing note receivables and investments in associated companies, which were available for
the benefit of the VIEs’ debt holders. The debt holders of these VIEs had recourse to 54 Madison’s general credit and
the assets of the VIEs were not available to satisfy any other debt. As a result of the sale of our interest in the general
partnership during 2017, 54 Madison has been deconsolidated and is reflected in Loans to and investments in associated
companies at December 31, 2017.

Nonconsolidated VIEs

The following tables present information about our variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs (in millions):

                                                                                                                                                                           Maximum
                                                                                                                             Financial Statement            Exposure
                                                                                                                               Carrying Amount                 to Loss             VIE Assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ________________________________________________        ___________________                 _____________________
                                                                                                                         Assets                 Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ________________                           ___________________
        December 31, 2017
        CLOs  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $168.1                $8.9        $1,030.4         $  5,364.3
        Consumer loan vehicles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            254.8                   –                759.8             2,322.7
        Related party private equity vehicles  . . . . . . . . .              23.7                   –                  45.4                  75.0
        Other private investment vehicles  . . . . . . . . . . . .            133.0                   –                142.0             4,624.9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           __________                                        ______                     _____________                      _______________
            Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $579.6                $8.9        $1,977.6         $12,386.9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           __________                                        ______                     _____________                      _______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           __________                                        ______                     _____________                      _______________
        December 31, 2016
        CLOs  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $264.7               $4.8        $ 930.0        $ 4,472.9
        Consumer loan vehicles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              90.3                  –               219.6               985.5
        Related party private equity vehicles  . . . . . . . . .              37.6                  –                 63.6               155.6
        Real estate investment vehicles  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              90.3                  –               101.8                 85.6
        Other private investment vehicles  . . . . . . . . . . . .              84.0                  –                 95.8            4,529.7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           __________                                        ______                     _____________                      _______________
            Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $566.9               $4.8        $1,410.8        $10,229.3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           __________                                        ______                     _____________                      _______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           __________                                        ______                     _____________                      _______________

Our maximum exposure to loss often differs from the carrying value of the variable interests. The maximum exposure
to loss is dependent on the nature of the variable interests in the VIEs and is limited to the notional amounts of certain
loan and equity commitments and guarantees. Our maximum exposure to loss does not include the offsetting benefit
of any financial instruments that may be utilized to hedge the risks associated with its variable interests and is not
reduced by the amount of collateral held as part of a transaction with a VIE.

Collateralized Loan Obligations. Assets collateralizing the CLOs include bank loans, participation interests and sub-
investment grade and senior secured U.S. loans. Jefferies underwrites securities issued in CLO transactions on behalf
of sponsors and provides advisory services to the sponsors. Jefferies may also sell corporate loans to the CLOs. Jefferies
variable interests in connection with CLOs where it has been involved in providing underwriting and/or advisory
services consist of the following:

• Forward sale agreements whereby Jefferies commits to sell, at a fixed price, corporate loans and ownership

interests in an entity holding such corporate loans to CLOs;

• Warehouse funding arrangements in the form of participation interests in corporate loans held by CLOs and

commitments to fund such participation interests;

F-59

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 9.  Variable Interest Entities, continued:

• Trading positions in securities issued in a CLO transaction;

•

Investments in variable funding notes issued by CLOs; and

• A guarantee to a CLO managed by Jefferies Finance, whereby Jefferies guarantees certain of the obligations

of Jefferies Finance to the CLO.

Consumer Loan Vehicles. Jefferies provides financing and lending related services to certain client-sponsored VIEs in
the form of revolving funding note agreements, revolving credit facilities and forward purchase agreements. The
underlying assets, which are collateralizing the vehicles, are primarily composed of unsecured consumer and small
business loans. In addition, Jefferies may provide structuring and advisory services and act as an underwriter or
placement agent for securities issued by the vehicles. Jefferies does not control the activities of these entities.

Related Party Private Equity Vehicles. Jefferies committed to invest equity in private equity funds (the “JCP Funds”)
managed by Jefferies Capital Partners, LLC (the “JCP Manager”). Additionally, Jefferies committed to invest equity
in the general partners of the JCP Funds (the “JCP General Partners”) and the JCP Manager. Jefferies variable interests
in the JCP Funds, JCP General Partners and JCP Manager (collectively, the “JCP Entities”) consist of equity interests
that, in total, provide Jefferies with limited and general partner investment returns of the JCP Funds, a portion of the
carried interest earned by the JCP General Partners and a portion of the management fees earned by the JCP Manager.
Jefferies total equity commitment in the JCP Entities was $148.1 million, of which $126.3 million and $125.1 million
has been funded as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The carrying value of Jefferies equity investments
in the JCP Entities was $23.7 million and $37.6 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Jefferies exposure
to loss is limited to the total of its carrying value and unfunded equity commitment. The assets of the JCP Entities
primarily consist of private equity and equity related investments.

Jefferies has also provided a guarantee of a portion of Energy Partners I, LP’s obligations under a credit agreement
(“Energy Partners Credit Agreement”). Energy Partners I, LP is a private equity fund owned and managed by certain
of our employees. The maximum exposure to loss of the guarantee was $3.0 million as of December 31, 2016. Energy
Partners I, LP has assets consisting primarily of debt and equity investments. The Energy Partners Credit Agreement
was terminated in April 2017.

Real Estate Investment Vehicles. 54 Madison has committed to invest $98.0 million in real estate investment vehicles,
of which $86.5 million was funded as of December 31, 2016. 54 Madison’s maximum exposure to loss was limited to
its carrying value and unfunded equity commitment. 54 Madison was not the primary beneficiary of the investment
vehicles as it did not have the power to control the most important activities of the VIEs. The assets of the VIEs consisted
primarily of investments in real estate projects. As a result of the sale of our interest in the general partner during 2017,
the 54 Madison fund has been deconsolidated and is reflected in Loans to and investments in associated companies at
December 31, 2017.

Other Private Investment Vehicles. The carrying amount of our equity investment was $133.0 million and $84.0 million
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Our unfunded equity commitment related to these investments totaled
$9.1 million and $11.8 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Our exposure to loss is limited to the
total of our carrying value and unfunded equity commitment. These private investment vehicles have assets primarily
consisting of private and public equity investments, debt instruments and various oil and gas assets.

Mortgage- and Other Asset-Backed Securitization Vehicles. In connection with Jefferies secondary trading and market-
making activities, Jefferies buys and sells agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities and other asset-backed
securities, which are issued by third party securitization SPEs and are generally considered variable interests in
VIEs. Securities issued by securitization SPEs are backed by residential mortgage loans, U.S. agency collateralized
mortgage obligations, commercial mortgage loans, CDOs and CLOs and other consumer loans, such as installment
receivables, auto loans and student loans. These securities are accounted for at fair value and included in Trading assets

F-60

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 9.  Variable Interest Entities, continued:

in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Jefferies has no other involvement with the related SPEs and
therefore does not consolidate these entities.

Jefferies also engages in underwriting, placement and structuring activities for third-party-sponsored securitization
trusts generally through agency (FNMA (“Fannie Mae”), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”)
or GNMA (“Ginnie Mae”)) or non-agency-sponsored SPEs and may purchase loans or mortgage-backed securities
from third parties that are subsequently transferred into the securitization trusts. The securitizations are backed by
residential and commercial mortgage, home equity and auto loans. Jefferies does not consolidate agency-sponsored
securitizations as it does not have the power to direct the activities of the SPEs that most significantly impact their
economic performance. Further, Jefferies is not the servicer of non-agency-sponsored securitizations and therefore
does not have power to direct the most significant activities of the SPEs and accordingly, does not consolidate these
entities. Jefferies may retain unsold senior and/or subordinated interests at the time of securitization in the form of
securities issued by the SPEs.

Jefferies transfers existing  securities,  typically mortgage-backed securities, into resecuritization vehicles. These
transactions in which debt securities are transferred to a VIE in exchange for new beneficial interests occur in connection
with both agency and non-agency-sponsored VIEs. The consolidation analysis is largely dependent on Jefferies role
and interest in the resecuritization trusts. Most resecuritizations in which Jefferies is involved are in connection with
investors seeking securities with specific risk and return characteristics. As such, Jefferies has concluded that the
decision-making power is shared between Jefferies and the investor(s), considering the joint efforts involved in
structuring the trust and selecting the underlying assets as well as the level of security interests the investor(s) hold in
the SPE; therefore, Jefferies does not consolidate the resecuritization VIEs.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, Jefferies held $1,829.6 million and $1,002.2 million of agency mortgage-backed
securities, respectively, and $253.2 million and $439.4 million of non-agency mortgage- and other asset-backed
securities, respectively, as a result of its secondary trading and market-making activities, underwriting, placement and
structuring activities and resecuritization activities. Jefferies maximum exposure to loss on these securities is limited
to the carrying value of its investments in these securities. Mortgage- and other asset-backed securitization vehicles
discussed within this section are not included in the above table containing information about Jefferies variable interests
in nonconsolidated VIEs.

We also have a variable interest in a nonconsolidated VIE consisting of our equity interest in an associated company,
Golden Queen. In addition, we have a variable interest in a nonconsolidated VIE consisting of our senior secured term
loan receivable and equity interest in FXCM. See Notes 4 and 10 for further discussion.

F-61

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 10.  Loans to and Investments in Associated Companies:

A summary of Loans to and investments in associated companies for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015 accounted for under the equity method of accounting is as follows (in thousands):

                                                      Loans to and                                                                   Contributions             Other,             Loans to and
                                                        investments                                                                              to                    including            investments
                                                       in associated             Income           Income (losses)      (distributions             foreign             in associated 
                                                         companies               (losses)                related to                 from)              exchange and         companies 
                                                              as of                  related to               Jefferies              associated            unrealized                 as of
                                                      December 31,          associated             associated            companies,                gains              December 31, 
                                                              2016                  companies         companies (1)                net                     (losses)                    2017
                                                                                                            __________________               __________________               __________________               __________________               __________________              __________________
Jefferies Finance  . . . . . .   $   490,464        $      –               $  90,204           $ 74,799        $    –               $   655,467
Jefferies LoanCore (2)  . .        154,731                –                   22,368               (3,994)        (173,105)               –
Berkadia  . . . . . . . . . . . .        184,443             93,801                 –                   (67,384)                (266)            210,594
FXCM  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        336,258          (177,644)                –                       –                        242             158,856
Garcadia Companies . . .        185,815             48,198                 –                   (54,870)              –                    179,143
Linkem  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        154,000            (32,561)                –                    31,996             38,701             192,136
HomeFed . . . . . . . . . . . .        302,231               7,725                 –                    31,918                –                    341,874
Golden Queen (3)  . . . . .        111,302              (7,733)                –                      1,436                –                    105,005
54 Madison (4) (5)  . . . .        161,400              (6,224)                –                    35,204            (67,370)            123,010
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          44,454                 (463)             (3,177)             31,837             28,093             100,744
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                    _______________                         ______________                             _____________                     _______________                    _________________
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . .   $2,125,098        $  (74,901)        $109,395           $ 80,942        $(173,705)       $2,066,829
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                    _______________                         ______________                             _____________                     _______________                    _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                    _______________                         ______________                             _____________                     _______________                    _________________

                                                      Loans to and                                                                   Contributions             Other,             Loans to and
                                                        investments                                                                              to                    including            investments
                                                       in associated             Income           Income (losses)      (distributions             foreign             in associated 
                                                         companies               (losses)                related to                 from)              exchange and         companies 
                                                              as of                  related to               Jefferies              associated            unrealized                 as of
                                                      December 31,          associated             associated            companies,                gains              December 31, 
                                                              2015                  companies         companies (1)                net                     (losses)                    2016
                                                                                                            __________________               __________________               __________________               __________________               __________________              __________________
Jefferies Finance  . . . . . .   $   528,575        $    –               $  (1,761)       $  (36,350)      $    –              $   490,464
Jefferies LoanCore  . . . .        288,741                –                  21,221          (155,231)              –                   154,731
Berkadia  . . . . . . . . . . . .        190,986            94,201                –                (100,766)                  22            184,443
FXCM (6)  . . . . . . . . . . .           –                      1,919                –                      –                334,339            336,258
Garcadia Companies . . .        172,660            52,266                –                  (39,111)              –                   185,815
Linkem  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        150,149           (22,867)               –                   33,303             (6,585)           154,000
HomeFed . . . . . . . . . . . .        275,378            23,893                –                     2,960               –                   302,231
Golden Queen (3)  . . . . .        114,323             (3,021)               –                      –                     –                   111,302
54 Madison (4)  . . . . . . .           –                      4,255                –                 153,503              3,642            161,400
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          36,557              3,952              (2,276)              9,622             (3,401)             44,454
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                       ______________                              ____________                        _______________                     _______________                    _________________
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . .   $1,757,369        $154,598           $17,184        $(132,070)      $ 328,017       $2,125,098
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                       ______________                              ____________                        _______________                     _______________                    _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                       ______________                              ____________                        _______________                     _______________                    _________________

F-62

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 10.  Loans to and Investments in Associated Companies, continued:

                                                      Loans to and                                                                   Contributions             Other,             Loans to and
                                                        investments                                                                              to                    including            investments
                                                       in associated             Income           Income (losses)      (distributions             foreign             in associated 
                                                         companies               (losses)                related to                 from)              exchange and         companies 
                                                              as of                  related to               Jefferies              associated            unrealized                 as of
                                                      December 31,          associated             associated            companies,                gains              December 31, 
                                                              2014                  companies         companies (1)                net                     (losses)                    2015
                                                                                                            __________________               __________________               __________________               __________________               __________________              __________________
Jefferies Finance  . . . . . .   $   508,891        $    –                $40,884        $  (21,200)        $    –              $   528,575
Jefferies LoanCore  . . . .        258,947                –                  36,554              (6,760)              –                   288,741
Berkadia  . . . . . . . . . . . .        208,511            78,092                –                  (89,560)            (6,057)           190,986
Garcadia Companies . . .        167,939            53,182                –                  (48,461)              –                   172,660
Linkem  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        159,054           (15,577)               –                   21,138           (14,466)           150,149
HomeFed . . . . . . . . . . . .        271,782              3,596                –                       –                    –                   275,378
Golden Queen (3)  . . . . .        103,598             (1,775)               –                   12,500               –                   114,323
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          33,846             (7,237)            (1,721)            11,483                 186              36,557
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                       ______________                              ____________                        _______________                        ______________                    _________________
       Total  . . . . . . . . . . . .   $1,712,568        $110,281           $75,717        $(120,860)        $(20,337)      $1,757,369
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                       ______________                              ____________                        _______________                        ______________                    _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                       ______________                              ____________                        _______________                        ______________                    _________________

(1)   Primarily classified in Investment banking revenues and Other revenues.

(2)   On October 31, 2017, Jefferies sold all of its membership interests in Jefferies LoanCore for approximately

$173.1 million.

(3)   At December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the balance reflects $30.5 million, $32.8 million and $33.7 million,

respectively, related to a noncontrolling interest.

(4)   At December 31, 2016, the balance reflects $95.3 million related to noncontrolling interests.

(5)   As discussed further below, on November 30, 2017, we sold our interest in the general partner of the 54 Madison
fund and as a result no longer control the 54 Madison investment committee. We retained two of the four seats
on  the  investment  committee  and  continue  to  have  significant  influence  over  the  fund.  We  therefore
deconsolidated the 54 Madison fund and account for our interest under the equity method of accounting.

(6)   As discussed more fully in Note 4, in 2016, we amended the terms of our loan and associated rights with FXCM.
Through the amendments, we converted our participation rights for a 50% voting interest in FXCM. Our term
loan remains classified within Trading assets, at fair value.

Jefferies Finance

Jefferies Finance, a joint venture entity pursuant to an agreement with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
(“MassMutual”), is a commercial finance company whose primary focus is the origination and syndication of senior
secured debt to middle market and growth companies in the form of term and revolving loans. Loans are originated
primarily through the investment banking efforts of Jefferies. Jefferies Finance may also originate other debt products
such as second lien term, bridge and mezzanine loans, as well as related equity co-investments. Jefferies Finance also
purchases syndicated loans in the secondary market and acts as an investment advisor for various loan funds.

At December 31, 2017, Jefferies and MassMutual each had equity commitments to Jefferies Finance of $750.0 million.
At December 31, 2017, approximately $636.2 million of Jefferies commitment was funded. The investment commitment
is scheduled to expire on March 1, 2018 with automatic one year extensions absent a 60-day termination notice by
either party.

In addition, Jefferies and MassMutual have entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Facility, to be funded equally, to
support loan underwritings by Jefferies Finance, which bears interest based on the interest rates of the related Jefferies
Finance underwritten loans and is secured by the underlying loans funded by the proceeds of the facility. The total

F-63

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 10.  Loans to and Investments in Associated Companies, continued:

Secured Revolving Credit Facility is for a total committed amount of $500.0 million at December 31, 2017 and
2016. Advances are shared equally between Jefferies and MassMutual. The facility is scheduled to mature on March
1, 2018 with automatic one year extensions absent a 60-day termination notice by either party. At December 31, 2017,
none  of  Jefferies  $250.0  million  commitment  was  funded.  Jefferies  recognized  interest  income  and  unfunded
commitment fees related to the facility of $3.9 million, $1.3 million and $2.5 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.

Jefferies engages in debt capital markets transactions with Jefferies Finance related to the originations and syndications
of loans by Jefferies Finance. In connection with such services, Jefferies earned fees of $327.9 million, $112.6 million
and $122.7 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which are recognized in Investment banking revenues
in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, Jefferies paid fees to Jefferies Finance in respect of certain
loans originated by Jefferies Finance of $2.4 million, $0.5 million and $5.9 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, which are recognized within Selling, general and other expenses in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations.

During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, Jefferies acted as a placement agent for CLOs managed
by Jefferies Finance, for which Jefferies recognized fees of $6.1 million, $2.6 million and $6.2 million, respectively,
which are included in Investment banking revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. At December 31,
2017 and 2016, Jefferies held securities issued by CLOs managed by Jefferies Finance, which are included in Trading
assets. At December 31, 2016, Jefferies provided a guarantee, whereby Jefferies is required to make certain payments
to a CLO in the event Jefferies Finance was unable to meet its obligations to the CLO. The CLO was terminated in
October 2017. Additionally, Jefferies has entered into participation agreements and derivative contracts with Jefferies
Finance based upon certain securities issued by the CLO. Gains (losses) related to the derivative contracts were not
material.

Jefferies acted as underwriter in connection with senior notes issued by Jefferies Finance, for which Jefferies recognized
underwriting fees of $1.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in Investment banking
revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Under a service agreement, Jefferies charged Jefferies Finance $50.7 million, $46.1 million and $51.7 million for
services provided during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At December 31, 2017, Jefferies had a receivable from
Jefferies Finance, included within Other assets in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition of $34.6 million
and a payable to Jefferies Finance, included in Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities in the Consolidated
Statement of Financial Condition of $14.1 million. At December 31, 2016, Jefferies had a payable to Jefferies Finance,
included in Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition of
$5.8 million.

Jefferies enters into OTC foreign exchange contracts with Jefferies Finance as to which, at December 31, 2017, we
had $1.5 million included in Trading assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Jefferies LoanCore

Jefferies LoanCore, a commercial real estate finance company and a joint venture with the Government of Singapore
Investment Corporation, the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and LoanCore, LLC, originates and purchases
commercial real estate loans throughout the U.S. and Europe. On October 31, 2017, Jefferies sold all of its membership
interests (which constituted a 48.5% voting interest) in Jefferies LoanCore for approximately $173.1 million, the
estimated book value as of October 31, 2017. In addition, Jefferies may be entitled to additional cash consideration
over the next five years in the event Jefferies LoanCore’s yearly return on equity exceeds certain thresholds.

F-64

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 10.  Loans to and Investments in Associated Companies, continued:

Jefferies LoanCore had entered into master repurchase agreements with Jefferies. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, Jefferies
recognized interest income and fees related to these agreements of $0.6 million, $8.4 million and $10.7 million,
respectively. In connection with such master repurchase agreements, at December 31, 2016, Jefferies had securities
purchased with agreements to resell from Jefferies LoanCore of $68.1 million. Jefferies also enters into OTC foreign
exchange  contracts  with  Jefferies  LoanCore.  In  connection  with  these  contracts,  Jefferies  had  $8.3  million  at
December 31, 2016 recorded in Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of
Financial Condition.

Berkadia

Berkadia is a commercial mortgage banking and servicing joint venture formed in 2009 with Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
We and Berkshire Hathaway each contributed $217.2 million of equity capital to the joint venture and each have a 50%
equity interest in Berkadia. Through December 31, 2017, cumulative cash distributions received by Leucadia from this
investment aggregated $562.0 million. Berkadia originates commercial/multifamily real estate loans that are sold to
U.S. government agencies, and originates and brokers commercial/multifamily mortgage loans which are not part of
government agency programs. Berkadia is an investment sales advisor focused on the multifamily industry. Berkadia
is a servicer of commercial real estate loans in the U.S., performing primary, master and special servicing functions
for  U.S.  government  agency  programs,  commercial  mortgage-backed  securities  transactions,  banks,  insurance
companies and other financial institutions.

Berkadia uses all of the proceeds from the commercial paper sales of an affiliate of Berkadia to fund new mortgage
loans, servicer advances, investments and other working capital requirements. Repayment of the commercial paper is
supported by a $1.5 billion surety policy issued by a Berkshire Hathaway insurance subsidiary and corporate guaranty,
and  we  have  agreed  to  reimburse  Berkshire  Hathaway  for  one-half  of  any  losses  incurred  thereunder.  As  of
December 31, 2017, the aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding was $1.47 billion.

FXCM

As discussed more fully in Note 4, at December 31, 2017, Leucadia has a 50% voting interest in FXCM and a senior
secured term loan to FXCM due January 2018. On September 1, 2016, we gained the ability to significantly influence
FXCM through our seats on the board of directors. As a result, we classify our equity investment in FXCM in our
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Loans to and investments in associated companies. Our term loan
remains classified within Trading assets, at fair value. We account for our equity interest in FXCM on a one month
lag. We are amortizing our basis difference between the estimated fair value and the underlying book value of FXCM
customer relationships, technology, trade name, leases and long-term debt over their respective useful lives.

Based on the February 2017 actions described further in Note 4, we evaluated in the first quarter of 2017 whether our
equity method investment was fully recoverable. We engaged an independent valuation firm to assist management in
estimating the fair value of FXCM. Our estimate of fair value was based on a discounted cash flow and comparable
public company analysis. The result of our analysis indicated that the estimated fair value of our equity interest in
FXCM was lower than our carrying value by $130.2 million. We concluded based on the regulatory actions, FXCM’s
restructuring plan described further in Note 4, investor perception and declines in the trading price of Global Brokerage’s
common shares and convertible debt, that the decline in fair value of our equity interest was other than temporary. As
such, we impaired our equity investment in FXCM in the first quarter of 2017 by $130.2 million.

FXCM is considered a VIE and our term loan and equity interest are variable interests. We have determined that we
are  not  the  primary  beneficiary  of  FXCM  because  we  do  not  have  the  power  to  direct  the  activities  that  most
significantly impact FXCM’s performance. Therefore, we do not consolidate FXCM.

F-65

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 10.  Loans to and Investments in Associated Companies, continued:

Garcadia

Garcadia is a joint venture between us and Garff Enterprises, Inc. (“Garff ”) that owns and operates 28 automobile
dealerships comprised of domestic and foreign automobile makers. The Garcadia joint venture agreement specifies
that we and Garff shall have equal board representation and equal votes on all matters affecting Garcadia, and that all
operating cash flows from Garcadia will be allocated 65% to us and 35% to Garff, with the exception of one dealership
from which we receive 83% of all operating cash flows and four other dealerships from which we receive 71% of all
operating cash flows. Garcadia’s strategy is to acquire automobile dealerships in primary or secondary market locations
meeting its specified return criteria.

Linkem

We own approximately 42% of the common shares of Linkem, a fixed wireless broadband services provider in Italy.
In addition, we own 5% convertible preferred stock, which is automatically convertible to common shares in 2020. If
all of our convertible preferred stock was converted, it would increase our ownership to approximately 53% of Linkem’s
common equity at December 31, 2017. We have approximately 48% of the total voting securities of Linkem. The excess
of our investment in Linkem’s common shares over our share of underlying book value is being amortized to expense
over 12 years.

HomeFed

At December 31, 2017, we own 10,852,123 shares of HomeFed’s common stock, representing approximately 70% of
HomeFed’s outstanding common shares; however, we have contractually agreed to limit our voting rights such that we
will not be able to vote more than 45% of HomeFed’s total voting securities voting on any matter, assuming all HomeFed
shares  not  owned  by  us  are  voted.  HomeFed  develops  and  owns  residential  and  mixed-use  real  estate
properties. HomeFed is a public company traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board (Symbol: HOFD). As a result of
a 1998 distribution to all of our shareholders, approximately 4.8% of HomeFed is beneficially owned by our Chairman
at December 31, 2017. Three of our executives serve on the board of directors of HomeFed, including our Chairman
who serves as HomeFed’s Chairman, and our President. Since we do not control HomeFed, our investment in HomeFed
is accounted for under the equity method as an investment in an associated company.

Golden Queen Mining Company

During 2014 and 2015, we invested $83.0 million, net in cash in a limited liability company (Gauss LLC) to partner
with the Clay family and Golden Queen Mining Co. Ltd., to jointly fund, develop and operate the Soledad Mountain
gold and silver mine project. Previously 100% owned by Golden Queen Mining Co. Ltd., the project is a fully-permitted,
open pit, heap leach gold and silver project located in Kern County, California, which commenced gold and silver
production in March 2016. In exchange for a noncontrolling ownership interest in Gauss LLC, the Clay family
contributed $34.5 million, net in cash. Gauss LLC invested both our and the Clay family’s net contributions totaling
$117.5 million to the joint venture, Golden Queen, in exchange for a 50% ownership interest. Golden Queen Mining
Co. Ltd. contributed the Soledad Mountain project to the joint venture in exchange for the other 50% interest.

As a result of our consolidating Gauss LLC, our Loans to and investments in associated companies reflects Gauss
LLC’s net investment of $117.5 million in the joint venture, which includes both the amount we contributed and the
amount contributed by the Clay family. The joint venture, Golden Queen, is considered a VIE as the voting rights of
the investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses and their rights to receive the
expected residual returns, given the provision of services to the joint venture by Golden Queen Mining Co. Ltd. Golden
Queen Mining Co. Ltd. has entered into an agreement with the joint venture for the provision of executive officers,

F-66

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 10.  Loans to and Investments in Associated Companies, continued:

financial, managerial, administrative and other services, and office space and equipment. We have determined that we
are not the primary beneficiary of the joint venture and are therefore not consolidating its results.

Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement with the joint venture is limited to our investment. The
excess of Gauss LLC’s investment in Golden Queen’s underlying book value is being amortized to expense over the
estimated life of mine gold and silver sales.

54 Madison

We own approximately 48.1% of 54 Madison, a fund that seeks long-term capital appreciation through investment in
real estate development and similar projects. Prior to November 30, 2017, we consolidated 54 Madison as a result of
our control of the 54 Madison investment committee. 54 Madison invests both in projects which they consolidate and
projects where they have significant influence and utilize the equity method of accounting. Based on total committed
capital of the 54 Madison fund, all projects of this fund have already been identified and launched. On November 30,
2017, we sold our interest in the general partner of the 54 Madison fund and as a result no longer control the 54 Madison
investment committee. We retained two of the four seats on the 54 Madison investment committee and continue to
have significant influence over the fund, including a number of protective rights such as the right to block material
investments, divestitures and changes outside of agreed upon parameters. We therefore deconsolidated the 54 Madison
fund on November 30, 2017 and account for our interest under the equity method of accounting. We account for our
equity interest in the 54 Madison fund on a one quarter lag.

Other

The following table provides summarized data for associated companies as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for
the three years ended December 31, 2017 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                       2017                     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              _______                                           _______
       Assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $16,340,643   $16,964,850
       Liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     11,920,465     13,097,022
       Noncontrolling interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          169,274          132,789

                                                                                                                                                       2017                     2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              _______                                           _______                                               _______
       Revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $4,883,063     $4,275,016    $3,946,252
       Income from continuing operations before extraordinary items  .          503,489          422,167         398,369
       Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          438,881          430,291         398,369
       The Company’s income related to associated companies  . . . . . .            34,494          171,782         185,998

Except for our investment in Berkadia and Jefferies Finance, we have not provided any guarantees, nor are we
contingently liable for any of the liabilities reflected in the above table. All such liabilities are non-recourse to us. Our
exposure to adverse events at the investee companies is limited to the book value of our investment. See Note 24 for
further discussion of these guarantees.

Included in consolidated retained earnings at December 31, 2017 is approximately $202.9 million of undistributed
earnings of the associated companies accounted for under the equity method of accounting.

F-67

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 11.  Financial Statement Offsetting:

In connection with Jefferies derivative activities and securities financing activities, Jefferies may enter into master
netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties. Generally, transactions are executed under standard
industry agreements, including, but not limited to: derivative transactions – ISDA master netting agreements; securities
lending  transactions  –  master  securities  lending  agreements;  and  repurchase  transactions  –  master  repurchase
agreements. A master agreement creates a single contract under which all transactions between two counterparties are
executed allowing for trade aggregation and a single net payment obligation. Master agreements provide protection in
bankruptcy in certain circumstances and, where legally enforceable, enable receivables and payables with the same
counterparty to be settled or otherwise eliminated by applying amounts due to a counterparty against all or a portion
of an amount due from the counterparty or a third party.

Under Jefferies derivative ISDA master netting agreements, Jefferies typically will also execute credit support annexes,
which provide for collateral, either in the form of cash or securities, to be posted by or paid to a counterparty based on
the fair value of the derivative receivable or payable based on the rates and parameters established in the credit support
annex. In the event of the counterparty’s default, provisions of the master agreement permit acceleration and termination
of all outstanding transactions covered by the agreement such that a single amount is owed by, or to, the non-defaulting
party. In addition, any collateral posted can be applied to the net obligations, with any excess returned; and the
collateralized party has a right to liquidate the collateral. Any residual claim after netting is treated along with other
unsecured claims in bankruptcy court.

The conditions supporting the legal right of offset may vary from one legal jurisdiction to another and the enforceability
of master netting agreements and bankruptcy laws in certain countries or in certain industries is not free from doubt. The
right of offset is dependent both on contract law under the governing arrangement and consistency with the bankruptcy
laws of the jurisdiction where the counterparty is located. Industry legal opinions with respect to the enforceability of
certain standard provisions in respective jurisdictions are relied upon as a part of managing credit risk. In cases where
Jefferies has not determined an agreement to be enforceable, the related amounts are not offset. Master netting
agreements are a critical component of Jefferies risk management processes as part of reducing counterparty credit
risk and managing liquidity risk.

Jefferies is also a party to clearing agreements with various central clearing parties. Under these arrangements, the
central clearing counterparty facilitates settlement between counterparties based on the net payable owed or receivable
due and, with respect to daily settlement, cash is generally only required to be deposited to the extent of the net amount.
In the event of default, a net termination amount is determined based on the market values of all outstanding positions
and the clearing organization or clearing member provides for the liquidation and settlement of the net termination
amount among all counterparties to the open contracts or transactions.

The  following  table  provides  information  regarding  derivative  contracts,  repurchase  agreements  and  securities
borrowing and lending arrangements that are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and
1)  the  extent  to  which,  under  enforceable  master  netting  arrangements,  such  balances  are  presented  net  in  the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as appropriate under GAAP and 2) the extent to which other rights of
setoff associated with these arrangements exist and could have an effect on our consolidated financial position.

F-68

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 11.  Financial Statement Offsetting, continued:

                                                                                                                           Netting in      Net Amounts in
                                                                                                                        Consolidated      Consolidated       Additional
                                                                                                                         Statement of      Statement of        Amounts
                                                                                                Gross                  Financial            Financial           Available             Available
(In thousands)                                                                     Amounts               Condition           Condition        for Setoff (1)      Collateral (2)     Net Amount (3)
__________________                                                                                                                  ___________________           ___________________         ________________           ________________            _________________           ____________________
Assets at December 31, 2017
Derivative contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $  3,497,969   $  (3,318,481)   $   179,488  $      –           $        –            $   179,488
Securities borrowing arrangements  . . .    $  7,721,803   $         –             $7,721,803  $(966,712)    $(1,032,629)   $5,722,462
Reverse repurchase agreements  . . . . . .    $14,858,297   $(11,168,738)   $3,689,559  $(463,973)    $(3,207,147)   $     18,439

Liabilities at December 31, 2017
Derivative contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $  3,745,908   $  (3,490,514)   $   255,394  $      –           $        –            $   255,394
Securities lending arrangements  . . . . . .    $  2,843,911   $         –             $2,843,911  $(966,712)    $(1,795,408)   $     81,791
Repurchase agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $19,829,249   $(11,168,738)   $8,660,511  $(463,973)    $(7,067,512)   $1,129,026

Assets at December 31, 2016
Derivative contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $  4,627,076   $  (4,255,998)   $   371,078  $      –           $        –            $   371,078
Securities borrowing arrangements  . . .    $  7,743,562   $         –             $7,743,562  $(710,611)    $   (647,290)   $6,385,661
Reverse repurchase agreements  . . . . . .    $14,083,144   $(10,220,656)   $3,862,488  $(176,275)    $(3,591,654)   $     94,559

Liabilities at December 31, 2016
Derivative contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $  4,880,022   $  (4,229,213)   $   650,809  $      –           $        –            $   650,809
Securities lending arrangements  . . . . . .    $  2,819,132   $         –             $2,819,132  $(710,611)    $(2,064,299)   $     44,222
Repurchase agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $17,012,332   $(10,220,656)   $6,791,676  $(176,275)    $(5,780,909)   $   834,492

(1)   Under master netting agreements with our counterparties, we have the legal right of offset with a counterparty,
which incorporates all of the counterparty’s outstanding rights and obligations under the arrangement. These
balances reflect additional credit risk mitigation that is available by a counterparty in the event of a counterparty’s
default, but which are not netted in the balance sheet because other provisions of GAAP are not met. Further,
for derivative assets and liabilities, amounts netted include cash collateral paid or received.

(2)   Includes securities received or paid under collateral arrangements with counterparties that could be liquidated
in the event of a counterparty default and thus offset against a counterparty’s rights and obligations under the
respective repurchase agreements or securities borrowing or lending arrangements.

(3)   At December 31, 2017, amounts include $5,678.6 million of securities borrowing arrangements, for which we
have received securities collateral of $5,516.7 million, and $1,084.4 million of repurchase agreements, for
which we have pledged securities collateral of $1,115.9 million, which are subject to master netting agreements
but we have not determined the agreements to be legally enforceable. At December 31, 2016, amounts include
$6,337.5 million of securities borrowing arrangements, for which we have received securities collateral of
$6,146.0 million, and $810.4 million of repurchase agreements, for which we have pledged securities collateral
of $834.2 million, which are subject to master netting agreements but we have not determined the agreements
to be legally enforceable.

F-69

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 12.  Intangible Assets, Net and Goodwill:

A summary of intangible assets, net and goodwill at December 31, 2017 and 2016 is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                    2017                   2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ______                                      ______
       Indefinite lived intangibles:
           Exchange and clearing organization membership interests and registrations . . .      $       8,551   $       9,041
       Amortizable intangibles:
           Customer and other relationships, net of accumulated amortization of

    $230,074 and $198,674  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           347,767        378,136

           Trademarks and tradename, net of accumulated amortization of $95,627

    and $78,778  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           293,851        309,382
           Supply contracts, net of accumulated amortization of $57,440 and $47,867 . . .             86,160          95,733
           Other, net of accumulated amortization of $3,885 and $2,914  . . . . . . . . . . .               4,701            5,672
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________          _________________
               Total intangible assets, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           741,030        797,964
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________          _________________
       Goodwill:
           National Beef  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             14,991          14,991
           Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        1,703,300     1,696,864
           Other operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               3,859            3,859
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________          _________________
               Total goodwill  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        1,722,150     1,715,714
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________          _________________
               Total intangible assets, net and goodwill  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $2,463,180   $2,513,678
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________          _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________          _________________

Amortization expense on intangible assets was $58.2 million, $63.4 million and $63.9 million for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The estimated aggregate future amortization expense for the intangible assets for each of the next five years is as
follows (in thousands):

       2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $58,454
       2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              58,454
       2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              58,454
       2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              58,067
       2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              57,984

Goodwill Impairment Testing

The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed at our reporting unit level and consists of two steps. In the first
step, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared with its carrying value, including goodwill and allocated intangible
assets. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, the goodwill for the reporting unit is considered not to be
impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, then a second step is performed in order to measure the
amount of the impairment loss, if any, which is based on comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s
goodwill to the carrying value of the reporting unit’s goodwill.

The estimated fair values are based on valuation techniques that we believe market participants would use, although
the valuation process requires significant judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions.
The  methodologies  we  utilize  in  estimating  fair  value  include  price-to-earnings  and  price-to-book  multiples  of
comparable public companies, multiples of mergers and acquisitions of similar businesses, projected cash flows and/or
market capitalization. In addition, as the fair values determined under the market approach represent a noncontrolling
interest, we applied a control premium to arrive at the estimated fair value of our reporting units on a controlling basis.
An independent valuation specialist was engaged to assist with the valuation process for Jefferies at August 1, 2017.
The results of our annual impairment test related to Jefferies, National Beef and other operations indicated goodwill
was not impaired.

F-70

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 13.  Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net:

A summary of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net at December 31, 2017 and 2016 is as follows
(in thousands):
                                                                                                                                               Depreciable
                                                                                                                                                    Lives
                                                                                                                                                 (in years)               2017                     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ____________________                          ________                                         ________
       Land, buildings and leasehold improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            2-25         $   408,886     $   379,927
       Beef processing machinery and equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            2-15              360,975          330,453
       Other machinery and equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            3-15                32,012            30,716
       Corporate aircraft  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            10                 104,952          104,862
       Furniture, fixtures and office equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            3-10              379,051          323,276
       Construction in progress . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            N/A                72,560            54,693
       Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            3-10                  3,425              3,441
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                _________________              _________________
                                                                                                                                        1,361,861       1,227,368
       Accumulated depreciation and amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               (611,458)       (518,126)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                _________________              _________________
                                                                                                                                      $   750,403     $   709,242
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                _________________              _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                _________________              _________________

Note 14.  Short-Term Borrowings:

Jefferies short-term borrowings, which mature in one year or less, are as follows at December 31, 2017 and 2016
(in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                 2017                    2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ______                                            ______
       Bank loans (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               $304,651        $372,301
       Secured revolving loan facilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                      –                 57,086
       Floating rate puttable notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 108,240            96,455
       Equity-linked notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                   23,324               –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ______________                      ______________
        Total short-term borrowings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               $436,215        $525,842
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ______________                      ______________

(1)   Bank loans include loans entered into, pursuant to a Master Loan Agreement, between the Bank of New York

and Jefferies.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding was
2.51% and 1.77% per annum, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2017, Jefferies issued equity-linked notes with a principal amount of $30.6 million
which matured in July 2017 and $4.2 million, which matured in September 2017. The remaining equity-linked notes
will mature in the first quarter of 2018. See Note 4 for further information. During 2016, Jefferies issued floating rate
puttable notes with an aggregate principal amount of €91.0 million.

The Bank of New York Mellon agrees to make revolving intraday credit advances (“Intraday Credit Facility”) for an
aggregate committed amount of $150.0 million. The Intraday Credit Facility contains a financial covenant, which
includes a minimum regulatory net capital requirement. Interest is based on the higher of the Federal funds effective
rate plus 0.5% or the prime rate. At December 31, 2017, Jefferies was in compliance with debt covenants under the
Intraday Credit Facility.

In December 2015, Jefferies entered into a secured revolving loan facility (“Secured Revolving Loan Facility”) whereby
the lender agreed to make available a revolving loan facility in a maximum principal amount of $50.0 million to
purchase  eligible  receivables  that  met  certain  requirements  as  defined  in  the  Secured  Revolving  Loan  Facility
agreement. Interest was based on an annual rate equal to the lesser of the LIBOR rate plus 4.25% or the maximum rate
as defined in the Secured Revolving Loan Facility agreement. The Secured Revolving Loan Facility was terminated
effective January 24, 2017.

F-71

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 15.  Long-Term Debt:

The principal amount (net of unamortized discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs), stated interest rate and maturity
date of outstanding debt at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                    2017                   2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ______                                      ______
       Parent Company Debt:
           Senior Notes:
               5.50% Senior Notes due October 18, 2023, $750,000 principal  . . . . . . . .      $   742,348   $   741,264
               6.625% Senior Notes due October 23, 2043, $250,000 principal  . . . . . . .           246,673        246,627
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________         _________________
           Total long-term debt – Parent Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           989,021        987,891
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________         _________________
       Subsidiary Debt (non-recourse to Parent Company):
           Jefferies:
               5.125% Senior Notes, due April 13, 2018, $678,300 and $800,000

   principal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           682,338        817,813
               8.5% Senior Notes, due July 15, 2019, $680,800 and $700,000 principal . . .           728,872        778,367
               2.375% Euro Medium Term Notes, due May 20, 2020, $594,725 and

   $529,975 principal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           593,334        528,250
               6.875% Senior Notes, due April 15, 2021, $750,000 principal  . . . . . . . . .           808,157        823,797
               2.25% Euro Medium Term Notes, due July 13, 2022, $4,758 and

   $4,240 principal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               4,389            3,848
               5.125% Senior Notes, due January 20, 2023, $600,000 principal . . . . . . .           615,703        618,355
               4.85% Senior Notes, due January 15, 2027, $750,000 principal (1)  . . . . .           736,357            –
               6.45% Senior Debentures, due June 8, 2027, $350,000 principal  . . . . . . .           375,794        377,806
               3.875% Convertible Senior Debentures, due November 1, 2029,

   $324,779 and $345,000 principal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           324,779        346,163
               6.25% Senior Debentures, due January 15, 2036, $500,000 principal  . . .           512,040        512,396
               6.50% Senior Notes, due January 20, 2043, $400,000 principal . . . . . . . .           420,990        421,333
               Structured Notes (2) (3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           614,091        255,203
           National Beef Reducing Revolver Loan  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           120,000            –
           National Beef Revolving Credit Facility  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             76,809            –
           National Beef Term Loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –               273,811
           54 Madison Term Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –               406,028
           Foursight Capital Credit Facilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           170,455          97,138
           Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           112,654        132,244
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________         _________________
           Total long-term debt – subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        6,896,762     6,392,552
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________         _________________
               Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $7,885,783   $7,380,443
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________         _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         _________________         _________________

(1)   Amount includes a decrease of $8.1 million at December 31, 2017 associated with an interest rate swap based

on its designation as a fair value hedge. See Notes 2 and 5 for further information.

(2)   Includes $607.0 million and $248.9 million at fair value at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

(3)   Of the $614.1 million of structured notes at December 31, 2017, $7.1 million matures in 2018, $6.0 million
matures in 2019, $25.0 million matures in 2022 and the remaining $576.0 million matures in 2024 or thereafter.

At December 31, 2017, $2.2 billion of consolidated assets (primarily receivables, property and equipment and other
assets) are pledged for indebtedness aggregating $484.3 million, principally for National Beef and Foursight Capital
subsidiary debt.

F-72

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 15.  Long-Term Debt, continued:

The aggregate annual mandatory redemptions of all long-term debt during the five year period ending December 31,
2022 are as follows: 2018 - $1,016.3 million; 2019 - $777.7 million; 2020 - $125.2 million; 2021 - $766.5 million; and
2022 - $232.5 million.

Parent Company Debt

Our senior note indentures contain covenants that restrict our ability to incur more Indebtedness or issue Preferred
Stock of Subsidiaries unless, at the time of such incurrence or issuance, the Company meets a specified ratio of
Consolidated Debt to Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, limit the ability of the Company and Material Subsidiaries to
incur, in certain circumstances, Liens, limit the ability of Material Subsidiaries to incur Funded Debt in certain
circumstances, and contain other terms and restrictions all as defined in the senior note indentures. We have the ability
to incur substantial additional indebtedness or make distributions to our shareholders and still remain in compliance
with these restrictions. If we are unable to meet the specified ratio, we would not be able to issue additional Indebtedness
or Preferred Stock, but our inability to meet the applicable ratio would not result in a default under our senior note
indentures. The senior note indentures do not restrict the payment of dividends.

Subsidiary Debt

During 2017, $20.2 million of Jefferies 3.875% Convertible Senior Debentures due 2029 (original principal amount
of $345.0 million) were called. In November 2017, all of the remaining 3.875% Convertible Senior Debentures were
called for optional redemption, with a redemption date of January 5, 2018, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the
principal amount of the convertible debentures redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the
redemption date. All of these remaining convertible debentures were redeemed in January 2018.

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2017,  Jefferies  issued  structured  notes  with  a  total  principal  amount  of
approximately $329.9 million, net of retirements. Structured notes of $607.0 million and $248.9 million at December
31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, contain various interest rate payment terms and are accounted for at fair value, with
changes in fair value resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk presented in Accumulated other
comprehensive income and changes in fair value resulting from non-credit components recognized in Principal
transaction revenues.

In January 2018, Jefferies issued 4.15% senior notes with a principal amount of $1.0 billion, due 2030. In January
2017, Jefferies issued 4.85% senior notes with a principal amount of $750.0 million, due 2027.

In June 2017, National Beef entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “Debt Agreement”).
The Debt Agreement matures in June 2022 and includes a $275.0 million reducing revolver loan and a $275.0 million
revolving credit facility. The reducing revolver loan commitment decreases by $13.8 million on each annual anniversary
of the Debt Agreement. The Debt Agreement is secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the assets of
National Beef and its subsidiaries and includes customary covenants including a single financial covenant that requires
National Beef to maintain a minimum tangible net worth as defined in the Debt Agreement; at December 31, 2017,
National Beef was in compliance with the covenants.

At December 31, 2017, National Beef’s outstanding debt under the Debt Agreement consisted of a reducing revolver
loan with an outstanding balance of $120.0 million and $80.0 million drawn on the revolving credit facility. The
reducing revolver loan and the revolving credit facility bear interest at the Base Rate or the LIBOR Rate (as defined
in the Debt Agreement), plus a margin ranging from .75% to 2.75% depending upon certain financial ratios and the
rate selected. At December 31, 2017, the interest rate on the outstanding reducing revolver loan was 3.3% and the
interest rate on the outstanding revolving credit facility was 3.3%.

F-73

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 15.  Long-Term Debt, continued:

Borrowings under the reducing revolver loan and the revolving credit facility are available for National Beef’s working
capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. Unused capacity under the revolving
credit facility can also be used to issue letters of credit; letters of credit aggregating $13.9 million were outstanding at
December 31, 2017. Amounts available under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation
primarily comprised of receivable and inventory balances; amounts available under the reducing revolver facility are
constrained only by the annual reduction in the commitment amount. At December 31, 2017, after deducting outstanding
amounts and issued letters of credit, $87.1 million of the unused revolving credit facility and $155.0 million of the
reducing revolver commitment was available to National Beef.

54 Madison seeks long-term capital appreciation through real estate development and similar projects. Many of these
development projects are funded through long-term debt at the project level. The debt holders do not have recourse to
the Leucadia parent company. As discussed further in Note 10, due to the sale of our interest in the general partner of
the 54 Madison fund, the 54 Madison fund and its long-term debt was deconsolidated during 2017.

At December 31, 2017, Foursight Capital’s credit facilities consisted of two warehouse credit commitments aggregating
$225.0 million, which mature in March 2019 and July 2020. The 2019 credit facility bears interest based on the three-
month LIBOR plus a credit spread fixed through its maturity and the 2020 credit facility bears interest based on the
one-month LIBOR plus a credit spread fixed through its maturity. As a condition of the 2019 credit facility, Foursight
Capital is obligated to maintain cash reserves in an amount equal to the quoted price of an interest rate cap sufficient
to meet the hedging requirements of the credit commitment. The credit facilities are secured by first priority liens on
auto loan receivables owed to Foursight Capital of approximately $200.5 million at December 31, 2017.

Note 16.  Mezzanine Equity:

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

Redeemable noncontrolling interests primarily relate to National Beef and are held by its minority owners, USPB,
NBPCo Holdings and the chief executive officer of National Beef. The holders of these interests share in the profits
and losses of National Beef on a pro rata basis with us. However, the minority owners have the right to require us to
purchase their interests under certain specified circumstances at fair value (put rights), and we also have the right to
purchase their interests under certain specified circumstances at fair value (call rights). Holders of the put rights had
from December 30, 2016 through January 29, 2017 to make an election that would require us to purchase up to one-
third of their interests. The holders of the put rights did not make such election. The holders will again have the right
to make an election that requires us to purchase up to one-third on December 30, 2018, and the remainder on December
30, 2021. In addition, USPB may elect to exercise their put rights following the termination of the cattle supply
agreement, and the chief executive officer following the termination of his employment.

Our call rights with respect to USPB may be exercised following the termination of the cattle supply agreement or
after USPB’s ownership interest is less than 20% of their interest held at the time we acquired National Beef. Our call
rights with respect to other members may be exercised after the ten year anniversary of our acquisition of National
Beef if such member’s ownership interest is less than 50% of the interest held at the time we acquired National
Beef. Additionally, we may acquire the chief executive officer’s interest following the termination of his employment.

F-74

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 16.  Mezzanine Equity, continued:

Redeemable noncontrolling interests in National Beef are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition at fair value. The following table rolls forward National Beef’s redeemable noncontrolling interests activity
during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                 2017                   2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ________                                       ________
       As of January 1, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $321,962       $189,358
           Income allocated to redeemable noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            85,277           68,811
           Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (90,048)        (53,701)
           Increase in fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests charged to
    additional paid-in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            94,937         117,494
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                   ______________                    ______________
       Balance, December 31,  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $412,128       $321,962
                   ______________                    ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                   ______________                    ______________

At acquisition, we prepared a projection of future cash flows of National Beef, which was used along with other information
to allocate the purchase price to National Beef’s individual assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2017, we calculated the
fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests by updating our estimate of future cash flows. The projected future
cash flows consider estimated revenue growth, cost of sales changes, capital expenditures and other unobservable inputs.
However, the most significant unobservable inputs affecting the estimate of fair value are the discount rate (12.20%) and
the terminal growth rate (2.00%) used to calculate the capitalization rate of the terminal value.

The table below is a sensitivity analysis which shows the fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests using
the assumed discount and the terminal growth rates and fair values under different rate assumptions as of December 31,
2017 (dollars in millions):

                                                                                                                                                                 Discount Rates
                                                                                                                                                                 _________________________

         Terminal Growth Rates
             11.95%                  12.20%               12.45%
                         __________                                    __________                              __________
                  ________________________________
       1.75%  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $417.6              $407.6           $398.1
       2.00%  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $422.4              $412.1           $402.3
       2.25%  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $427.5              $416.9           $406.8

The projection of future cash flows is updated with input from National Beef personnel. The estimate is reviewed by
personnel at our corporate office as part of the normal process for the preparation of our quarterly and annual financial
statements.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, redeemable noncontrolling interests also includes other redeemable noncontrolling
interests  of  $14.5  million  and  $14.8  million,  respectively,  primarily  related  to  our  oil  and  gas  production  and
development businesses.

Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Shares

In connection with our acquisition of Jefferies in March 2013, we issued a new series of 3.25% Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Shares (“Preferred Shares”) ($125.0 million at mandatory redemption value) in exchange for Jefferies
outstanding 3.25% Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. The Preferred Shares have a 3.25% annual,
cumulative cash dividend and are currently convertible into 4,162,200 common shares, an effective conversion price
of $30.03 per share. The holders of the Preferred Shares are also entitled to an additional quarterly payment in the
event we declare and pay a dividend on our common stock in an amount greater than $0.0625 per common share per
quarter. The additional quarterly payment would be paid to the holders of Preferred Shares on an as converted basis
and on a per share basis would equal the quarterly dividend declared and paid to a holder of a share of common stock
in excess of $0.0625 per share. In the third quarter of 2017, we increased our quarterly dividend from $0.0625 to $0.10
per common share. This increased the preferred stock dividend from $4.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2016 to $4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The Preferred Shares are callable beginning in 2023 at a
price of $1,000 per share plus accrued interest and are mandatorily redeemable in 2038.

F-75

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 17.  Compensation Plans:

Incentive Plan

Upon completion of our combination with Jefferies, we assumed its 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan, as Amended
and Restated July 25, 2013 (the “Incentive Plan”). The Incentive Plan allows awards in the form of incentive stock
options  (within  the  meaning  of  Section 422  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code),  nonqualified  stock  options,  stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock, unrestricted stock, performance awards, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), dividend
equivalents or other share-based awards.

RSUs give a participant the right to receive fully vested shares at the end of a specified deferral period allowing a
participant to hold an interest tied to common stock on a tax deferred basis. Prior to settlement, RSUs carry no voting
or dividend rights associated with the stock ownership, but dividend equivalents are accrued to the extent there are
dividends declared on the underlying common shares as cash amounts or as deemed reinvestments in additional RSUs.

Restricted stock and RSUs may be granted to new employees as “sign-on” awards, to existing employees as “retention”
awards and to certain executive officers as awards for multiple years. Sign-on and retention awards are generally subject
to annual ratable vesting over a four-year service period and are amortized as compensation expense on a straight-line
basis over the related four years. Restricted stock and RSUs are granted to certain senior executives with market,
performance and service conditions. Market conditions are incorporated into the grant-date fair value of senior executive
awards using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Compensation expense for awards with market conditions is recognized
over the service period and is not reversed if the market condition is not met. Awards with performance conditions are
amortized over the service period if it is determined that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved.
Awards granted to senior executives related to the 2015 fiscal year did not meet performance targets, and as a result,
compensation expense has been adjusted to reflect the reduced number of shares that have vested.

The Deferred Compensation Plan (the “DCP”) has been implemented under the Incentive Plan. The DCP permits
eligible executive officers and other employees to defer cash compensation, some or all of which may be deemed
invested in stock units. A portion of the deferrals may also be directed to notional investments in a money market fund
or certain of the employee investment opportunities. Stock units generally have been acquired at a discounted price,
which  encourages  employee  participation  in  the  DCP  and  enhances  long-term  retention  of  equity  interests  by
participants and aligns executive interests with those of shareholders. Amounts recognized as compensation cost under
the DCP have not been significant. The shares to be delivered in connection with DCP stock units and options are
drawn from the Incentive Plan.

The Incentive Plan’s “evergreen” share reservation was terminated on March 21, 2014; the number of equity awards
available under the Incentive Plan was set at 20,000,000. At December 31, 2017, 11,883,293 common shares remained
available for new grants under the Incentive Plan. Shares issued pursuant to the DCP reduce the shares available under
the Incentive Plan.

F-76

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 17.  Compensation Plans, continued:

The following table details the activity in restricted stock during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(in thousands, except per share amounts):
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Weighted-Average
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Grant Date
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Fair Value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ____________________________
       Balance at January 1, 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              3,383            $27.00
           Grants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 602            $18.63
           Forfeited  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  (94)           $28.12
           Fulfillment of service requirement  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (1,887)           $26.87
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
       Balance at December 31, 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              2,004            $24.56
           Grants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 356            $18.23
           Forfeited  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  (24)           $26.90
           Fulfillment of service requirement  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                (974)           $25.65
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
       Balance at December 31, 2016  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              1,362            $22.09
           Grants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 391            $23.65
           Forfeited  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  –               $    –
           Fulfillment of service requirement  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                (611)           $23.73
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
       Balance at December 31, 2017  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              1,142            $21.75
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

                             __________
                             __________
                             __________

                             __________

                             __________

The following table details the activity in RSUs during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in
thousands, except per share amounts):
                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted-Average
                                                                                                                                                                                       Grant Date
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fair Value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    _____________________________________________
                                                                                                                   Future               No Future             Future               No Future
                                                                                                                   Service                 Service               Service                  Service
                                                                                                                 Required             Required            Required              Required
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _______________                            _______________                         _______________                              _______________
       Balance at January 1, 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     4,238               8,467             $26.90             $26.79
           Grants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          –                     121             $    –                $18.95
           Distributions of underlying shares  . . . . . . . . . .          –                    (229)            $    –                $22.34
           Forfeited  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       (626)                  –                $26.90             $   –
           Fulfillment of service requirement  . . . . . . . . .       (224)                 224             $26.90             $26.90
               
       Balance at December 31, 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     3,388               8,583             $26.90             $26.68
           Grants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          –                     128             $    –                $14.21
           Distributions of underlying shares  . . . . . . . . . .          –                 (1,683)            $    –                $26.59
           Forfeited  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          –                      –                $    –                $   –
           Fulfillment of service requirement  . . . . . . . . .    (3,320)              3,320             $26.90             $26.90
               
       Balance at December 31, 2016  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          68             10,348             $26.90             $26.61
           Grants  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          –                     104             $    –                $21.55
           Distributions of underlying shares  . . . . . . . . . .          –                    (175)            $    –                $26.46
           Forfeited  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          –                      –                $    –                $   –
           Fulfillment of service requirement  . . . . . . . . .         (36)                   36             $26.90             $26.90
               
       Balance at December 31, 2017  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          32             10,313             $26.90             $26.57
               
               

    _____             __________
    _____             __________
    _____             __________

    _____             __________

    _____             __________

During 2017 and 2016, grants include approximately 89,000 and 108,000, respectively, of dividend equivalents declared
on RSUs; the weighted-average grant date fair values of the dividend equivalents were approximately $21.03 and
$13.53, respectively.

F-77

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 17.  Compensation Plans, continued:

Senior Executive Compensation Plan

In February 2016, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved an executive compensation plan
for our CEO and our President (together, our “Senior Executives”) in respect of 2016 (the “2016 Plan”) that is based
on performance metrics achieved over a three-year period from 2016 through 2018. The Compensation Committee
eliminated cash incentive bonuses for 2016 and 100% of each of our CEO and President’s compensation beyond their
base salaries is composed entirely of performance based RSUs that vest at the end of 2018 if certain performance
criteria are met. Any vested RSUs will be subject to a post-vesting, three-year holding period such that no vested RSUs
can be sold or transferred until the first quarter of 2022.

Performance-vesting of the award is based equally on the compound annual growth rates of Leucadia’s Total Shareholder
Return (“TSR”), which is measured from the December 31, 2015 stock price of $17.39, and Leucadia’s Return on
Tangible Deployable Equity (“ROTDE”), the annual, two- and three-year results of which is used to determine vesting.
TSR is based on annualized rate of return reflecting price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends and distributions
to shareholders. ROTDE is net income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets divided by tangible book value at
the beginning of year adjusted for intangible assets and deferred tax assets.

In January 2017, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved an executive compensation plan
for our Senior Executives in respect of 2017 (the “2017 Plan”) that is based on performance metrics achieved over a
three-year period from 2017 through 2019. This executive compensation plan is identical to the 2016 Plan, described
above, where cash incentive bonuses were eliminated. 100% of each of our CEO and President’s compensation beyond
their base salaries is composed entirely of performance based RSUs that will vest at the end of 2019 if certain
performance criteria are met. Any vested RSUs are subject to a post-vesting, three-year holding period such that no
vested RSUs can be sold or transferred until the first quarter of 2023. Performance-vesting of the award is based equally
on the compound annual growth rates of Leucadia’s TSR, which is measured from the December 30, 2016 stock price
of $23.25, and Leucadia’s ROTDE, the annual, two- and three-year results of which are used to determine vesting.

If Leucadia’s TSR and ROTDE annual compound growth rates are less than 4%, our Senior Executives will not receive
any incentive compensation. If Leucadia’s TSR and ROTDE grow between 4% and 8% on a compounded basis over
the three-year measurement period, each of our Senior Executives will be eligible to receive between 846,882 and
1,693,766 RSUs related to the 2016 Plan and 537,634 and 1,075,268 RSUs related to the 2017 Plan. If TSR and ROTDE
growth  rates  are  greater  than  8%,  our  Senior  Executives  are  eligible  to  receive  up  to  50%  additional  incentive
compensation on a pro rata basis up to 12% growth rates. When determining whether RSUs will vest, the calculation
will be weighted equally between TSR and ROTDE. If TSR growth was below minimum thresholds, but ROTDE
growth was above minimum thresholds, our Senior Executives would still be eligible to receive some number of vested
RSUs based on ROTDE growth. The TSR award contains a market condition and compensation expense is recognized
over the service period and will not be reversed if the market condition is not met. The ROTDE award contains a
performance condition and compensation expense is recognized over the service period if it is determined that it is
probable that the performance condition will be achieved.

F-78

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 17.  Compensation Plans, continued:

The following table details the activity in RSUs related to the senior executive compensation plan during the years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in thousands, except per share amounts):
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Weighted- 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Target             Average
                                                                                                                                                                                    Number of      Grant Date
                                                                                                                                                                                       Shares           Fair Value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       _______________             _______________
       Balance at December 31, 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   –             $    –
           Grants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               3,434          $  9.68
           Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   –             $    –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________
       Balance at December 31, 2016  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               3,434          $  9.68
           Grants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               2,221          $19.06
           Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   –             $    –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________
       Balance at December 31, 2017  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               5,655          $13.37
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________

During 2017 and 2016, grants include approximately 70,000 and 47,000, respectively, of dividend equivalents declared
on RSUs; the weighted-average grant date fair values of the dividend equivalents were approximately $21.04 and
$13.63, respectively.

The Compensation Committee of the Leucadia Board of Directors approved an executive compensation plan effective
January 1, 2018 that extends Leucadia’s current compensation plans for our Senior Executives for compensation years
2018, 2019 and 2020. For each Senior Executive, the Compensation Committee has targeted long-term compensation
of $25.0 million per year under the plan with a target of $16.0 million in long-term equity in the form of RSUs and a
target of $9.0 million long-term cash, subject to performance targets over the three-year measurement period for each
compensation year. To receive targeted long-term equity, our Senior Executives will have to achieve 8% growth on an
annual and multi-year compounded basis in Leucadia’s TSR and to receive targeted long-term cash, our Senior
Executives will have to achieve 8% growth on an annual and multi-year compounded basis in Leucadia’s ROTDE. If
TSR and ROTDE are less than 5%, our Senior Executives will receive no long-term compensation. If TSR and ROTDE
growth  rates  are  greater  than  8%,  our  Senior  Executives  are  eligible  to  receive  up  to  50%  additional  incentive
compensation on a pro rata basis up to 12% growth rates.

Directors’ Plan

Upon completion of our combination with Jefferies, we also assumed the 1999 Directors’ Stock Compensation Plan,
as Amended and Restated July 25, 2013 (the “Directors’ Plan”). Under the Directors’ Plan, we issue each nonemployee
director of Leucadia $120,000 of restricted stock or RSUs each year. These grants are made on the date directors are
elected or reelected at our annual shareholders’ meeting. These shares vest over three years from the date of grant and
are expensed over the requisite service period. At December 31, 2017, 321,026 common shares were issuable upon
settlement of outstanding RSUs and 297,926 shares are available for future grants.

Other Compensation Plans

Other Stock-Based Plans. Historically, Jefferies also sponsored an Employee Stock Purchase Plan and an Employee
Stock Ownership Plan, both of which were assumed by us in connection with the Jefferies acquisition. Amounts related
to these plans have not been significant.

Prior to the acquisition of Jefferies, we had two share-based compensation plans: a fixed stock option plan and a senior
executive warrant plan.

F-79

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 17.  Compensation Plans, continued:

• 1999 Stock Option Plan. This plan provided for the issuance of stock options and stock appreciation rights
to non-employee directors and certain employees at not less than the fair market value of the underlying
stock at the date of grant. Options granted to employees under this plan were intended to qualify as incentive
stock options to the extent permitted under the Internal Revenue Code and became exercisable in five equal
annual installments starting one year from date of grant. Options granted to non-employee directors became
exercisable in four equal annual installments starting one year from date of grant. No stock appreciation
rights have been granted. In March 2014, we ceased issuing options and rights under our option plan. No
shares remain available for future grants under this plan.

• Senior Executive Warrant Plan. The warrants to purchase 2,000,000 common shares that were granted in
2011 to each of our then Chairman and then President expired unexercised during the first quarter of
2016. We had recorded share-based compensation expense related to this grant of warrants of $1.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2015. No shares remain available for future grants under this warrant plan.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, 331,312 and 641,478, respectively, of our common shares were reserved for stock
options.

A summary of activity with respect to our stock options during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is
as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):
                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted-
                                                                                                            Common           Weighted-                  Average
                                                                                                              Shares                Average                 Remaining         Aggregate
                                                                                                              Subject              Exercise                Contractual         Intrinsic
                                                                                                            to Option               Prices                       Term                  Value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                            _____________                                _____________________                _________________
       Balance at January 1, 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,640            $24.91
           Granted  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           –               $    –
           Exercised  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (2)           $21.66                                     $       6
                                                                                                                                                                                                __________
                                      
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                __________
           Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (977)           $24.88
                                      
                  ________
       Balance at December 31, 2015  . . . . . . . . . . . .          661            $24.97
           Granted  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           –               $    –
           Exercised  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           –               $    –                                         $       –
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                __________
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                __________
           Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (20)           $30.49
                  ________
                                      
       Balance at December 31, 2016  . . . . . . . . . . . .          641            $24.80
           Granted  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           –               $    –
           Exercised  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (20)           $22.75                                     $     65
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                __________
                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                __________
           Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (290)           $26.98
                                      
                  ________
       Balance at December 31, 2017  . . . . . . . . . . . .          331            $23.03                 1 year          $1,156
                                                                                               ________                                                                                                                                                         __________
                                                                                               ________                                                                                                                                                         __________
       Exercisable at December 31, 2017  . . . . . . . . .          264            $23.07                 1 year          $   911
                                                                                               ________                                                                                                                                                         __________
                                                                                               ________                                                                                                                                                         __________

Restricted Cash Awards. Jefferies provides compensation to new and existing employees in the form of loans and/or
other cash awards which are subject to ratable vesting terms with service requirements. These awards are amortized to
compensation expense over the relevant service period. At December 31, 2017, the remaining unamortized amount of
these awards was $481.6 million and is included within Other assets in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

Compensation and benefits expense included $48.4 million, $33.6 million and $74.1 million for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for share-based compensation expense relating to grants made under
our share-based compensation plans. Total compensation cost includes the amortization of sign-on, retention and senior

F-80

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 17.  Compensation Plans, continued:

executive awards, less forfeitures and clawbacks. The total tax benefit recognized in results of operations related to
share-based compensation expenses was $17.3 million, $12.4 million and $27.3 million for the years ended December
31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, total unrecognized compensation cost related to
nonvested share-based compensation plans was $68.0 million; this cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-
average period of 1.7 years.

The net tax detriment related to share-based compensation plans recognized in additional paid-in capital was $4.2
million and $5.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

At December 31, 2017, there were 1,142,000 shares of restricted stock outstanding with future service required,
5,687,000 RSUs outstanding with future service required (including target RSUs issuable under the senior executive
compensation plan), 10,313,000 RSUs outstanding with no future service required and 887,000 shares issuable under
other plans. Excluding shares issuable pursuant to outstanding stock options, the maximum potential increase to
common shares outstanding resulting from these outstanding awards is 16,887,000.

Note 18.  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:

Activity in accumulated other comprehensive income is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  (Loss)  and  Consolidated  Statements  of  Changes  in  Equity  but  not  in  the  Consolidated  Statements  of
Operations. A summary of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes at December 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015 is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                     2017                   2016                      2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                      ________                                             ________
       Net unrealized gains on available for sale securities  . . . . . . . .       $ 572,085      $  561,497        $557,601
       Net unrealized foreign exchange losses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (101,400)       (184,829)         (63,248)
       Net unrealized losses in instrument specific credit risk  . . . . . .           (34,432)           (6,494)             –
       Net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (1,138)            –                      –
       Net minimum pension liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (62,391)         (59,477)         (55,560)
_______________                   _______________                   _______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                 $ 372,724      $  310,697        $438,793
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
_______________                   _______________                   _______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
_______________                   _______________                   _______________

For  the  years  ended  December  31,  2017  and  2016,  significant  amounts  reclassified  out  of  accumulated  other
comprehensive income to net income are as follows (in thousands):

Details about Accumulated Other

Comprehensive Income Components
______________________________________________________________

Amount Reclassified

from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income
________________________________________

2017
____

2016
____

Affected Line Item in the

Consolidated Statement of Operations
________________________________________________________________

    Net unrealized gains on available for sale                                                 Net realized securities gains

    securities, net of income tax provision

        of $124 and $2  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $     212       $        4
    Net unrealized foreign exchange losses,                                                   Other income and other expenses

    net of income tax provision of

        $1,086 and $0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       (5,310)          –
    Amortization of defined benefit pension                                                  Compensation and benefits, which

    plan actuarial losses, net of income                                                       
        tax benefit of $(811) and $(700)  . . . . . . . . .       (1,748)       (1,534)  
    Other pension, net of income tax benefit                                                  Income tax provision (benefit)
        of $(1,231) and $0  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        1,231           –
            
    Total reclassifications for the period,
        net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $(5,615)      $(1,530)
            
        _______       _______
            
        _______       _______

        _______       _______

includes pension expense. See Note 19
for information on this component.

F-81

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 19.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits:

U.S. Pension Plans

Pursuant to the agreement to sell one of our former subsidiaries, WilTel Communications Group, LLC, the responsibility
for WilTel’s defined benefit pension plan was retained by us. All benefits under this plan were frozen as of October 30,
2005. Prior to the acquisition of Jefferies, Jefferies sponsored a defined benefit pension plan covering certain employees;
benefits under that plan were frozen as of December 31, 2005.

Late in 2015, we launched a limited time voluntary lump sum offer to approximately 4,000 of the deferred vested
participants of the WilTel plan. Approximately 2,400 participants accepted the lump sum offer and benefit payments
totaling $110.7 million were paid out of plan assets. We also recorded a $40.7 million settlement charge in 2015 related
to the participant acceptances.

A summary of activity with respect to both plans is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                2017                      2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________                                             ________
       Change in projected benefit obligation:
           Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $205,405       $207,025
           Interest cost  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              8,119              8,464
           Actuarial (gains) losses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              6,644                (544)
           Benefits paid  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (8,911)           (9,540)
        _______________                  _______________
                                                
               Projected benefit obligation, end of year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $211,257       $205,405
                                                
        _______________                  _______________
                                                
        _______________                  _______________
       Change in plan assets:
           Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $127,514       $117,719
           Actual return on plan assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            22,192              2,947
           Employer contributions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            12,417            19,100
           Benefits paid  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (8,911)           (9,540)
           Administrative expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (2,406)           (2,712)
                                                
        _______________                  _______________
               Fair value of plan assets, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $150,806       $127,514
        _______________                  _______________
                                                
        _______________                  _______________
                                                
       Funded status at end of year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $ (60,451)      $ (77,891)
                                                
        _______________                  _______________
                                                
        _______________                  _______________

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, $51.3 million and $58.9 million, respectively, of the net amount recognized in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition was reflected as a charge to Accumulated other comprehensive income
(substantially all of which were cumulative losses) and $60.5 million and $77.9 million, respectively, was reflected as
accrued pension cost.

F-82

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 19.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:

The following table summarizes the components of net periodic pension cost and other amounts recognized in other
comprehensive income (loss) excluding taxes (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                     2017                     2016                     2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                         ________                                          ________
       Components of net periodic pension cost:
           Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $ 8,119          $  8,464         $ 12,958
           Expected return on plan assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (7,689)           (7,589)         (10,581)
           Settlement charge  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –                     –                  40,973
           Actuarial losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              2,207              1,908              6,963
___________                             ___________                         _____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
               Net periodic pension cost  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $ 2,637          $  2,783         $ 50,313
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
___________                             ___________                         _____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
___________                             ___________                         _____________
       Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss):
           Net (gain) loss arising during the period  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $(5,453)        $  6,811         $(24,186)
           Settlement charge  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –                     –                 (40,973)
           Amortization of net loss  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (2,207)           (1,908)           (6,963)
___________                             ___________                         _____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
               Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) . . .          $(7,660)        $  4,903         $(72,122)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
___________                             ___________                         _____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
___________                             ___________                         _____________
                   Net amount recognized in net periodic benefit cost
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

and other comprehensive income (loss)  . . . . . . . . . .           $(5,023)        $  7,686         $(21,809)
___________                             ___________                         _____________
___________                             ___________                         _____________

The amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive income at the end of each year have not yet been recognized as
components of net periodic pension cost in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The estimated net loss that will
be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic benefit cost in 2018 is $2.5 million.

We expect to pay $8.9 million of employer contributions in 2018.

We use a December 31 measurement date for the WilTel plan and a November 30 date for the Jefferies plan. The
assumptions used are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                2017                      2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________                                             ________
       WilTel Plan
       Discount rate used to determine benefit obligation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3.51%              3.85%
       Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net pension cost:
           Discount rate  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3.85%              4.00%
           Expected long-term return on plan assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         7.00%              7.00%

       Jefferies Plan
       Discount rate used to determine benefit obligation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3.60%              3.90%
       Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net pension cost:
           Discount rate  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         3.90%              4.10%
           Expected long-term return on plan assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         6.25%              6.25%

The following pension benefit payments are expected to be paid (in thousands):
       2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $  9,943
       2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           9,915
       2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           9,666
       2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           9,577
       2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         10,233
       2023 – 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         67,493

F-83

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 19.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:

U.S. Plan Assets

The information below on the plan assets for the WilTel plan and the Jefferies plan is presented separately for the plans
as the investments are managed independently. Cash equivalents are valued at cost, which approximates fair value and
are categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The estimated fair values for securities measured using Level 1
inputs are determined using publicly quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. Certain fixed income
securities are measured using Level 2 inputs. Although these securities trade in brokered markets, the market for certain
securities is sometimes inactive. Valuation inputs include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker dealer quotes,
issuer spreads, two sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, reference data, and industry and economic
events. Neither plan had any assets classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

WilTel Plan Assets. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the WilTel plan assets at fair value consisted of the following
(in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                      Fair Value Measurements Using
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ___________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                       Total                          Level 1                        Level 2
                                                                                                                                _____________________                    _______________________________           ______________________________
2017____
    Cash and cash equivalents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $     539                     $539               $    –
    Growth Portfolio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     65,625                        –                   65,625
    Liability-Driven Investing Portfolio  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     31,693                        –                   31,693
                                                                                                           ____________                     _______               _____________
        Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $97,857                     $539               $97,318
                                                                                                           ____________                     _______               _____________
                                                                                                           ____________                     _______               _____________
2016
____
    Cash and cash equivalents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $     919                     $919               $    –
    Growth Portfolio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     51,852                        –                   51,852
    Liability-Driven Investing Portfolio  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     24,751                        –                   24,751
                                                                                                           ____________                     _______               _____________
        Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $77,522                     $919               $76,603
                                                                                                           ____________                     _______               _____________
                                                                                                           ____________                     _______               _____________

The current investment objectives are designed to close the funding gap while mitigating funded status volatility through
a combination of liability hedging and investment returns. As plan funded status improves, the asset allocation will
move along a predetermined, de-risking glide path that reallocates capital from growth assets to liability-hedging assets
in order to reduce funded status volatility and lock in funded status gains. Plan assets are split into two separate
portfolios, each with different asset mixes and objectives:

• The Growth Portfolio consists of global equities and high yield investments.

• The Liability-Driven Investing (“LDI”) Portfolio consists of long duration credit bonds and a suite of long
duration, Treasury-based instruments designed to provide capital-efficient interest rate exposure as well as
target specific maturities. The objective of the LDI Portfolio is to seek to achieve performance similar to the
WilTel plan’s liability by seeking to match the interest rate sensitivity and credit sensitivity. The LDI Portfolio
is managed to mitigate volatility in funded status deriving from changes in the discounted value of benefit
obligations from market movements in the interest rate and credit components of the underlying discount curve.

To develop the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, we considered the following
underlying assumptions: 2.25% current expected inflation, 1.0% to 1.5% real rate of return for long duration risk free
investments and an additional 1.0% to 1.5% return premium for corporate credit risk. For U.S. and international equity,
we assume an equity risk premium over cash equals to 4.0%. We then weighted these assumptions based on invested
assets and assumed that investment expenses were offset by expected returns in excess of benchmarks, which resulted
in the selection of the 7.0% expected long-term rate of return assumption for 2017.

F-84

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 19.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:

Jefferies Plan Assets. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Jefferies plan assets at fair value consisted of the following
(in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                      Fair Value Measurements Using
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ___________________________________________________________________
                                                                                                                                    Total (1)                       Level 1                        Level 2
                                                                                                                                _____________________                    _______________________________           ______________________________
2017____
    Common collective trusts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $52,949                $     –                   $52,949
                                                                                                          _____________                ____________               _____________
            Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $52,949                $     –                   $52,949
                                                                                                          _____________                ____________               _____________
                                                                                                          _____________                ____________               _____________
2016
____
    Cash and cash equivalents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $  1,135                $  1,135               $    –
    Listed equity securities (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     32,342                  32,342                     –
    Fixed income securities:
        Corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                       4,906                       –                      4,906
        Foreign corporate debt securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                       1,835                       –                      1,835
        U.S. government securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                       5,370                    5,370                     –
        Agency mortgage-backed securities . . . . . . . . . . .                       3,330                       –                      3,330
        Commercial mortgage-backed securities  . . . . . . .                          591                       –                         591
        Asset-backed securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                          483                       –                         483
                                                                                                          _____________                ____________               _____________
            Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    $49,992                $38,847               $11,145
                                                                                                          _____________                ____________               _____________
                                                                                                          _____________                ____________               _____________

(1) There are no plan assets classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

(2)   Listed equity securities are diversified across a spectrum of primarily U.S. large-cap companies.

Investment Policies and Strategies. Assets in the plan are invested under guidelines adopted by Jefferies Administrative
Committee of the U.S. Pension Plan. Because the U.S. Pension Plan exists to provide a vehicle for funding future benefit
obligations, the investment objectives of the portfolio take into account the nature and timing of future plan liabilities.
The policy recognizes that the portfolio’s long-term investment performance and its ability to meet the plan’s overall
objectives are dependent on the strategic asset allocation, which includes adequate diversification among assets classes.

In May 2017, Jefferies entered into an agreement with an external investment manager to invest and manage the plan’s
assets under a strategy using a combination of two portfolios. The investment manager allocates the plan’s assets
between a growth portfolio and a liability-driven portfolio according to certain target allocations and tolerance bands
that are agreed to by Jefferies Administrative Committee of the U.S. Pension Plan. Such target allocations will take
into consideration the plan’s funded ratio. The manager will also monitor the strategy and, as the plan’s funded ratio
changes over time, will rebalance the strategy, if necessary, to be within the agreed tolerance bands and target allocations.
The portfolios are comprised of certain common collective investment trusts that are established and maintained by
the investment manager.

German Pension Plan

In connection with the acquisition of Jefferies Bache from Prudential in 2011, Jefferies acquired a defined benefit
pension plan located in Germany for the benefit of eligible employees of Jefferies Bache in that territory. The German
pension plan has no plan assets and is therefore unfunded; however, Jefferies has purchased insurance contracts from
multi-national insurers held in the name of Jefferies Bache Limited to provide for the plan’s future obligations. The
investment in these insurance contracts is included in Financial instruments owned - Trading assets in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition and has a fair value of $16.0 million and $15.2 million at December 31, 2017 and
2016, respectively. All costs relating to the plan (including insurance premiums and other costs as computed by the
insurers) are paid by Jefferies. In connection with the acquisition, Prudential agreed that any insurance premiums and
funding obligations related to pre-acquisition date service will be reimbursed to Jefferies by Prudential.

F-85

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 19.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:

On December 28, 2017, a Liquidation Insurance Contract was entered into between Jefferies Bache Limited and
Generali Lebensversicherung AG (“Generali”) to transfer the defined benefit pension obligations and insurance
contracts to Generali, for approximately €6.5 million, which was paid in January 2018 and which will release Jefferies
from any and all obligations under the German Pension Plan. Subject to certain precedent conditions being fulfilled,
this transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2018. In addition, on December 28, 2017, Jefferies
entered into an agreement with Prudential under which it received $3.25 million as consideration for the release of
Prudential by Jefferies from their indemnity relating to the German Pension Plan defined benefit pension obligations.

The provisions and assumptions used in the German pension plan are based on local conditions in Germany. Jefferies
did not contribute to the plan during the year ended December 31, 2017.

The following tables summarize the changes in the projected benefit obligation and the components of net periodic
pension cost for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                               2017                2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ________                                _______
       Change in projected benefit obligation:
           Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $24,166      $23,545
           Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            426             529
           Actuarial (gains) losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (91)         1,157
           Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (1,233)        (1,104)
           Currency adjustment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         2,976               39
____________                  ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
            Projected benefit obligation, end of year  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $26,244      $24,166
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
____________                  ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
____________                  ____________
                                                                                                                                                                  2017                2016                2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ________                               ________                               ________
       Components of net periodic pension cost:
           Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $426           $529           $523
           Net amortization  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            353             326             325
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
_______                              _______                              _______
            Net periodic pension cost  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $779           $855           $848
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
_______                              _______                              _______
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
_______                              _______                              _______

The amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are charges of $5.3 million
and $5.7 million, respectively. The following are assumptions used to determine the actuarial present value of the
projected benefit obligation and net periodic pension benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:
                                                                                                                                                                                  2017                    2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ________                                          _______
       Projected benefit obligation:
           Discount rate  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              1.80%          1.70%
           Rate of compensation increase (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              N/A                  N/A
       Net periodic pension benefit cost:
           Discount rate  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              1.70%          2.20%
           Rate of compensation increase (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              N/A                  N/A

(1)   There were no active participants in the plan at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The following pension benefit payments are expected to be paid (in thousands):

       2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         $1,303
       2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,275
       2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,329
       2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,339
       2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,320
       2023 – 2027 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           6,571

F-86

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 19.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits, continued:

Other

We have defined contribution pension plans covering certain employees. Contributions and costs are a percent of each
covered employee’s salary. Amounts charged to expense related to such plans were $8.9 million, $9.6 million and $9.6
million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Note 20. Income Taxes:

The provision for income taxes for continuing operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2017 was as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                     2017                   2016                      2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                      ________                                             ________
       Current taxes:
           U.S. Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $       413        $      (574)       $       709
           U.S. state and local  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            33,845              8,672           (25,308)
           Foreign  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            14,654             (4,620)             3,504
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
               Total current  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            48,912              3,478           (21,095)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
       Deferred taxes:
           U.S. Federal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          694,207          108,241          134,590
           U.S. state and local  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              9,697              8,335              4,552
           Foreign  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              8,151              2,055             (8,100)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
               Total deferred  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          712,055          118,631          131,042
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
               Total income tax provision  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $760,967        $122,109        $109,947
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax
Act. The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code that will impact many areas of taxation,
including, but not limited to, (1) reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; (2) elimination of
the corporate alternative minimum tax; (3) the introduction of the base erosion anti-abuse tax, a new minimum tax; (4)
a general elimination of U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (5) a new provision designed
to tax global intangible low-taxed income; (6) a new limitation on deductible interest expense; (7) the repeal of the
domestic production activity deduction; (8) limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation; (9)
limitations on the use of foreign tax credits to reduce U.S. income tax liability; (10) limitations on NOLs generated
after December 31, 2017, to 80% of taxable income; (11) requiring a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated
earnings of foreign subsidiaries that is payable over 8 years; and (12) bonus depreciation that will allow for full
expensing of qualified property.

On December 22, 2017, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (“SAB 118”), which provides guidance
on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond
one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740, Income Taxes.
SAB 118 provides a three-step process to be applied at each reporting period to account for and qualitatively disclose:
(1) the effects of the change in tax law for which accounting is complete; (2) provisional amounts (or adjustments to
provisional amounts) for the effects of the tax law where accounting is not complete, but that a reasonable estimate has
been determined; and (3) where a reasonable estimate cannot yet be made and therefore taxes are reflected in accordance
with the law prior to the enactment of the Tax Act.

Due to the complex nature of the Tax Act, we have not completed our accounting for the income tax effects of certain
elements of the Tax Act. If we were able to make reasonable estimates of the effects of certain elements for which our
analysis is not yet complete, we recorded a provisional estimate in the financial statements. If we were not yet able to
make reasonable estimates of the impact of certain elements, we have not recorded any adjustments related to those
elements and have continued accounting for them in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of the tax laws in effect

F-87

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 20.  Income Taxes, continued:

before the Tax Act. The ultimate impact of the Tax Act may differ from this estimate, possibly materially, due to changes
in interpretations and assumptions, and guidance that may be issued and actions we may take in response to the Tax
Act. We note that the Tax Act is complex and we continue to assess the impact that various provisions will have on our
business.

Since the Tax Act was passed late in the fourth quarter of 2017, and ongoing guidance and accounting interpretation
are expected over the next 12 months, we consider the accounting for the deferred tax asset remeasurements, the
transition tax, and other items to be incomplete due to the forthcoming guidance and our ongoing analysis of final
year-end data and tax positions. In connection with our initial analysis, we have recorded a discrete tax expense of
$450.5 million as a provisional estimate of the impact of the Tax Act, including the portion related to Jefferies, during
2017 increasing our effective tax rate by 44.4% to 75.1%. This provisional estimate primarily consists of a $415.0
million expense related to the revaluation of our deferred tax asset and a $35.5 million expense related to the deemed
repatriation of foreign earnings. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2017, our provision for income taxes
was reduced by a $31.9 million benefit resulting from the repatriation of Jefferies earnings from certain of its foreign
subsidiaries, along with their associated foreign tax credits.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, our provision for income taxes included a $24.9 million charge related to
previously issued stock awards. The majority of the awards expired during the first quarter of 2016. The tax deductions
associated with the remainder of the awards was less than the compensation cost recognized for financial reporting
purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded a benefit related to certain state and local net operating
loss carryforwards which we believe are more likely than not to be realized in the future, a significant portion of which
resulted from enacted state and local tax law changes.

The following table presents the U.S. and non-U.S. components of income from continuing operations before income
taxes for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                     2017                   2016                      2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                      ________                                             ________
       U.S.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $   944,014        $337,374        $336,856
       Non-U.S. (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            69,800           (20,944)           19,680
_________________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
            Income from continuing operations before income taxes . .    $1,013,814        $316,430        $356,536
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
_________________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
_________________                      ______________                      ______________

(1)   For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S.

F-88

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 20.  Income Taxes, continued:

For each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, income tax expense differed from the amounts
computed by applying the U.S. Federal statutory income tax rate of 35% to income from continuing operations before
income taxes as a result of the following (dollars in thousands):
                                                                                                           2017                                        2016                                    2015
                                                                                                                                                                                    _________________________________________              _________________________________________      _________________________________________

                                                                                            Amount         Percent             Amount          Percent          Amount             Percent
                                                                                                                                                                                     _________________          _________________                 _________________          _________________          _________________                 _________________
Computed expected federal
   income tax  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $354,835        35.0%     $110,751       35.0%   $124,788          35.0%
Increase (decrease) in income taxes
   resulting from:

    State and local income taxes, net

    of federal income tax benefit  . .            19,938          2.0               1,045          0.3           (6,928)          (1.9)

       International operations
    (including foreign rate

differential)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (11,577)       (1.1)            (3,137)       (1.0)        (11,474)          (3.2)

       Increase (decrease) in valuation

    allowance  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               –                –                 2,825          0.9         (13,227)          (3.7)
       Permanent differences  . . . . . . . . . .              7,474          0.7               7,523          2.4          13,892            3.9
       Tax exempt income  . . . . . . . . . . . .             (3,850)       (0.4)            (4,640)       (1.5)          (6,789)          (1.9)
       Foreign tax credits  . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (32,974)       (3.2)              –                 –             (7,240)          (2.0)
       (Income) loss allocated to

    noncontrolling interest, not
    subject to tax  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (28,392)       (2.8)          (22,512)       (7.1)         11,039            3.1
       Excess stock detriment  . . . . . . . . .                 161          –               24,907          7.9             –                    –
       Revaluation of deferred tax asset  .          415,000        40.9               –                 –               –                    –
       Transition tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            35,500          3.5               –                 –               –                    –
       Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              4,852          0.5               5,347          1.7            5,886            1.5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                      _______                        _________________                     _______                    _________________                           _______
           Actual income tax provision  . . .        $760,967        75.1%     $122,109       38.6%   $109,947          30.8%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                      _______                        _________________                     _______                    _________________                           _______
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           _________________                      _______                        _________________                     _______                    _________________                           _______

The following table presents a reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2017 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                     2017                   2016                      2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                      ________                                             ________
       Balance at beginning of period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $148,848        $150,867        $148,590
           Increases based on tax positions related to the current period  . .            18,619              5,045              3,475
           Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods  . . .            10,358              3,697            22,030
           Decreases based on tax positions related to prior periods  . .             (8,805)           (9,414)         (15,349)
           Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities  . . .               –                  (1,347)           (7,879)
______________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
       Balance at end of period  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $169,020        $148,848        $150,867
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________

Net interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits was $9.7 million, $8.6 million and $4.2 million for the years
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had interest accrued of
approximately $57.4 million and $47.7 million, respectively, included in Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities
in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. No material penalties were accrued for the years ended
December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The statute of limitations with respect to our federal income tax returns has expired for all years through 2012. Our
2013 federal tax return is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our New York State and New
York City income tax returns are currently being audited for the 2012 to 2014 period and 2011 to 2012 period,
respectively. Prior to becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary, Jefferies filed a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return
with  its  qualifying  subsidiaries  and  was  subject  to  income  tax  in  various  states,  municipalities  and  foreign

F-89

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 20.  Income Taxes, continued:

jurisdictions. Jefferies  is  currently  under  examination  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  and  other  major  tax
jurisdictions. The statute of limitations with respect to Jefferies federal income tax returns has expired for all years
through 2012.

We do not expect that resolution of these examinations will have a significant effect on our consolidated financial
position, but could have a significant impact on the consolidated results of operations for the period in which resolution
occurs. Over the next twelve months, we believe it is reasonably possible that various tax examinations will be concluded
and statutes of limitation will expire which would have the effect of reducing the balance of unrecognized tax benefits
by $14.0 million. If recognized, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits reflected in the table above would lower
our effective income tax rate.

The principal components of deferred taxes at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                2017                      2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ________                                             ________
       Deferred tax asset:
           Net operating loss carryover  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $   599,839     $1,262,584
           Compensation and benefits  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          213,340          309,100
           Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            11,799            54,102
           Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            97,061          155,028
           Tax credits  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            93,026            10,749
           Securities valuation reserves  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              3,012            12,345
           Intangible assets, net and goodwill  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 270                 311
           Other liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            21,605            39,188
                                                
   _________________              _________________
                                                                                                                                        1,039,952       1,843,407
           Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (93,758)       (106,042)
                                                
   _________________              _________________
                                                                                                                                           946,194       1,737,365
                                                
   _________________              _________________
       Deferred tax liability:
           Unrealized gains on investments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (8,060)              (998)
           Amortization of intangible assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (71,583)       (107,437)
           Property and equipment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (8,209)         (14,228)
           Investment in FXCM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (37,942)       (117,594)
        Transition tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (35,165)            –
           Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (41,424)         (35,293)
                                                
   _________________              _________________
                                                                                                                                          (202,383)       (275,550)
                                                
   _________________              _________________
               Net deferred tax asset  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $   743,811     $1,461,815
                                                
   _________________              _________________
   _________________              _________________
                                                

As of December 31, 2017, we have consolidated U.S. federal NOLs of $1.2 billion that may be used to offset the taxable
income of any member of our consolidated tax group. In addition, we have $1.2 billion of U.S. federal NOLs that are
only available to offset the taxable income of certain subsidiaries. Federal NOLs begin to expire in 2023, with a
substantial amount expiring between 2023 and 2025. We have various state NOLs that expire at different times, which
are reflected in the above table to the extent our estimate of future taxable income will be apportioned to those states.
We have gross foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $68.6 million. There is a valuation allowance
with respect to $10.0 million of these foreign net operating loss carryforwards. Uncertainties that may affect the
utilization of our tax attributes include future operating results, tax law changes, rulings by taxing authorities regarding
whether certain transactions are taxable or deductible and expiration of carryforward periods.

Under certain circumstances, the ability to use the NOLs and future deductions could be substantially reduced if certain
changes in ownership were to occur. In order to reduce this possibility, our certificate of incorporation includes a charter
restriction that prohibits transfers of our common stock under certain circumstances.

F-90

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 20.  Income Taxes, continued:

We are currently evaluating the impact of the Tax Act on our indefinite reinvestment assertion. At December 31, 2016,
we had approximately $157.0 million of earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries that were indefinitely reinvested
abroad and for which no U.S. federal income tax provision had been recorded. Accordingly, deferred tax liabilities of
approximately $55.0 million had not been recorded with respect to these earnings at December 31, 2016.

Note 21. Net Realized Securities Gains (Losses):

The following summarizes net realized securities gains (losses) for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2017 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                     2017                      2016                   2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                           ________                                      ________
       Net realized gains (losses) on securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          $       13          $    (286)         $14,112
       Other (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            23,015            29,828            48,845
____________                           ____________                           ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                    $23,028          $29,542          $62,957
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
____________                           ____________                           ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
____________                           ____________                           ____________

(1)   In 2017, primarily relates to a $19.7 million security gain from an investment in a non-public security. In 2015,
primarily relates to a recovery of $35.0 million of an investment in a non-public security written down in prior
years.

Proceeds from sales of investments classified as available for sale were $0.4 billion, $0.5 billion and $1.9 billion during
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Gross gains of $16.9 million and gross losses of $2.8 million were realized on these
sales during 2015. Gross gains and gross losses for 2017 and 2016 were not material.

Note 22. Other Results of Operations Information:

Other  revenue  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  December 31,  2017  consists  of  the  following
(in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                     2017                   2016                      2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                      ________                                             ________
       Manufacturing revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $326,197        $412,826        $391,920
       Losses from managed funds  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (8,118)         (69,038)         (37,237)
       Asset management fees  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            28,831            29,492            34,777
       Dividend income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                (452)             3,856              5,482
       Income from associated companies classified as

    other revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            75,889            17,184            75,717

       Revenues of oil and gas production and development

    businesses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            61,541            49,890            45,939

       Gain on sale of Conwed  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          178,236                –                     –
       Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            86,384            43,976            32,630
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                  $748,508        $488,186        $549,228
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________

Taxes, other than income or payroll, amounted to $39.6 million, $35.4 million and $21.9 million for the years ended
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Advertising costs amounted to $21.6 million, $20.0 million and $18.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively.

F-91

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 23.  Common Shares and Earnings Per Common Share:

Basic and diluted earnings per share amounts were calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding. The numerators and denominators used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per
share are as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):

                                                                                                                                                     2017                   2016                      2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ________                                      ________                                             ________
Numerator for earnings per share:
       Net income attributable to Leucadia National Corporation

    common shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        $167,351       $125,938        $279,587
       Allocation of earnings to participating securities (1)  . . . . . . . .                (610)              (574)           (4,711)
______________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
       Net income attributable to Leucadia National Corporation

    common shareholders for basic earnings per share  . . . . . . .          166,741          125,364          274,876

       Adjustment to allocation of earnings to participating

    securities related to diluted shares (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  (14)                (19)                (34)
______________                      ______________                      ______________

       Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred share dividends  . .               –                     –                     –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
       Net income attributable to Leucadia National Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Denominator for earnings per share:
       Denominator for basic earnings per share – 

    common shareholders for diluted earnings per share . . . . . .        $166,727       $125,345        $274,842
______________                      ______________                      ______________
______________                      ______________                      ______________

    weighted-average shares  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          368,197          371,211          372,430
       Stock options  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   24               –                           1
       Senior executive compensation plan awards  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              2,480                 307               –
       Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares  . . . . . . .               –                     –                     –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
       Denominator for diluted earnings per share  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          370,701          371,518          372,431
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
______________                      ______________                      ______________

(1)   Represents dividends declared during the period on participating securities plus an allocation of undistributed
earnings to participating securities. Net losses are not allocated to participating securities. Participating securities
represent restricted stock and RSUs for which requisite service has not yet been rendered and amounted to
weighted-average shares of 1,401,000, 1,986,800 and 6,500,000 for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively. Dividends declared on participating securities during the years ended December 31,
2017, 2016 and 2015 were $0.4 million, $0.4 million and $1.5 million, respectively. Undistributed earnings are
allocated to participating securities based upon their right to share in earnings if all earnings for the period had
been distributed.

Options to purchase 656,894 and 1,000,137 weighted-average shares of common stock were outstanding during the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted per share
amounts as the effect was antidilutive. Amounts for 2017 were not material.

For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, weighted-average common shares of 923,077 and 4,000,000,
respectively, related to outstanding warrants to purchase common shares at $33.33 per share, were not included in the
computation of diluted per share amounts as the effect was antidilutive. The warrants expired in the first quarter of 2016.

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, shares related to the 3.875% Convertible Senior Debentures
were not included in the computation of diluted per share amounts as the conversion price exceeded the average market
price. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 4,162,200 shares related to the mandatorily redeemable
convertible preferred shares were not included in the computation of diluted per share amounts as the effect was antidilutive.

The Board of Directors from time to time has authorized the repurchase of our common shares. At December 31, 2017,
we are authorized to repurchase 12,500,000 common shares.

F-92

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 24.  Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees:

Commitments

We and our subsidiaries rent office space and office equipment under noncancellable operating leases with terms
varying principally from one to twenty-two years. Rental expense (net of sublease rental income) was $80.8 million,
$80.4 million and $84.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Future minimum
annual rentals (exclusive of month-to-month leases, real estate taxes, maintenance and certain other charges) under
these leases at December 31, 2017 are as follows (in thousands):

       2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $     94,734
       2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            84,110
       2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            68,195
       2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            62,507
       2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            59,844
       Thereafter  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          638,441
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
            _________________
                                                                                                                                        1,007,831
       Less: sublease income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (29,633)
            _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                      $   978,198
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
            _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
            _________________

Effective December 30, 2004, National Beef finalized an agreement with the City of Dodge City, Kansas, whereby in
consideration of certain improvements made to the city water and wastewater systems, National Beef committed to
make a series of service charge payments totaling $19.3 million over a 20 year period, of which $4.9 million remains
as of December 31, 2017. Payments under the commitment will be approximately $0.8 million in each of the years
2018 through 2019, with the remaining balance of $3.3 million to be paid in subsequent years.

The following table summarizes commitments associated with certain business activities (in millions):
______________________________________________________________________________

Expected Maturity Date

                                                                                                                                                    2020           2022            2024
                                                                                                                                                     and             and             and          Maximum
                                                                                                        2018               2019             2021           2023           Later           Payout
                                                                                                                                                                                                                ________                              ________                         ________                      ________                      _________                __________________
Equity commitments (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $     33.5      $    0.2       $18.7     $    –         $125.8     $   178.2
Loan commitments (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          277.7           –            56.5           –             –              334.2
Mortgage-related and other purchase
   commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –            177.7          –               –             –              177.7
Underwriting commitments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            11.0           –
–               –             –                11.0
Forward starting reverse repos (2) . . . . . . . . . .       3,211.1           –              –               –             –           3,211.1
Forward starting repos (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       2,987.9           –              –               –             –           2,987.9
Other unfunded commitments (1)  . . . . . . . . . .          218.8        122.9        18.3       153.0           –              513.0
             _____________                 __________                  ________              __________                 __________               _____________
                                      
                                                                               $6,740.0      $300.8      $93.5     $153.0      $125.8     $7,413.1
                                      
             _____________                 __________                  ________              __________                 __________               _____________
                                      
             _____________                 __________                  ________              __________                 __________               _____________

(1)   Equity commitments, loan commitments and other unfunded commitments are presented by contractual maturity

date. The amounts are however mostly available on demand.

(2)   At December 31, 2017, $3,207.4 million within forward starting securities purchased under agreements to resell
and $2,982.8 million within securities sold under agreements to repurchase settled within three business days.

Equity Commitments. Equity commitments include commitments to invest in Jefferies joint venture, Jefferies Finance,
and commitments to invest in private equity funds and in Jefferies Capital Partners, LLC, the manager of the private
equity funds, which are managed by a team led by Brian P. Friedman, our President and a Director. As of December 31,
2017, Jefferies outstanding commitments relating to Jefferies Capital Partners, LLC and its private equity funds was
$22.0 million.

F-93

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 24.  Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees, continued:

See Note 10 for additional information regarding Jefferies investment in Jefferies Finance.

Our equity commitments also include our commitment to invest in 54 Madison, a fund which targets real estate projects.
We plan to invest a cumulative total of $202.5 million to this fund, of which we have already contributed $144.8 million.
Capital commitments are contingent upon approval of the related investment by the investment committee, of which
we have two of the four seats. Through December 31, 2017, approved unfunded commitments totaled $28.0 million.

Additionally, as of December 31, 2017, we have other equity commitments to invest up to $14.4 million in various
other investments.

Loan Commitments. From time to time Jefferies makes commitments to extend credit to investment banking and
other clients in loan syndication, acquisition finance and securities transactions and to SPE sponsors in connection
with the funding of CLO and other asset-backed transactions. These commitments and any related drawdowns of
these facilities typically have fixed maturity dates and are contingent on certain representations, warranties and
contractual  conditions  applicable  to  the  borrower. As  of  December 31,  2017,  Jefferies  has  $68.3  million  of
outstanding loan commitments to clients.

Loan commitments outstanding as of December 31, 2017, also include Jefferies portion of the outstanding secured
revolving  credit  facility  provided  to  Jefferies  Finance  to  support  loan  underwritings  by  Jefferies  Finance.  At
December 31, 2017, none of Jefferies $250.0 million commitment was funded.

In August 2014, we and Solomon Kumin established Folger Hill; we committed to provide Folger Hill with a three-
year, $20.0 million revolving credit facility to fund its start-up and initial operating expenses. During the third quarter
of 2017, the facility was amended to extend the maturity date until December 31, 2018 and to provide for an optional
termination right for the Company with ten days prior written notice. As of December 31, 2017, $10.2 million has
been provided to Folger Hill under the revolving credit facility.

Mortgage-Related and Other Purchase Commitments. Jefferies enters into forward contracts to purchase mortgage
participation certificates, mortgage-backed securities and consumer loans. The mortgage participation certificates
evidence interests in mortgage loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration and the mortgage-backed securities
are insured or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. Jefferies frequently securitizes the mortgage
participation certificates and mortgage-backed securities. The fair value of mortgage-related and other purchase
commitments recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017 was $37.6 million.

Underwriting Commitments. In connection with investment banking activities, Jefferies may from time to time provide
underwriting commitments to its clients in connection with capital raising transactions.

Forward Starting Reverse Repos and Repos. Jefferies enters into commitments to take possession of securities with
agreements to resell on a forward starting basis and to sell securities with agreements to repurchase on a forward
starting basis that are primarily secured by U.S. government and agency securities.

Other Unfunded Commitments. Other unfunded commitments include obligations in the form of revolving notes to
provide financing to asset-backed and CLO vehicles. Upon advancing funds, drawn amounts are collateralized by the
assets of an entity.

Contingencies

We and our subsidiaries are parties to legal and regulatory proceedings that are considered to be either ordinary, routine
litigation incidental to their business or not significant to our consolidated financial position. We and our subsidiaries
are also involved, from time to time, in other exams, investigations and similar reviews (both formal and informal) by
governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our businesses, certain of which may result in judgments,

F-94

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 24.  Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees, continued:

settlements, fines, penalties or other injunctions. We do not believe that any of these actions will have a significant
adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or liquidity, but any amounts paid could be significant to results
of operations for the period.

Guarantees

Derivative Contracts. Jefferies dealer activities cause it to make markets and trade in a variety of derivative instruments.
Certain derivative contracts that Jefferies has entered into meet the accounting definition of a guarantee under GAAP,
including credit default swaps, written foreign currency options and written equity put options. On certain of these
contracts, such as written interest rate caps and foreign currency options, the maximum payout cannot be quantified
since the increase in interest or foreign exchange rates are not contractually limited by the terms of the contract. As
such, we have disclosed notional values as a measure of Jefferies maximum potential payout under these contracts.

The following table summarizes the notional amounts associated with our derivative contracts meeting the definition
of a guarantee under GAAP as of December 31, 2017 (in millions):

________________________________________________________________________________

Expected Maturity Date

                                                                                                                                                   2020             2022           2024           Notional/
                                                                                                                                                    and               and            and           Maximum
Guarantee Type                                                                             2018                 2019           2021             2023          Later             Payout
_____________________                                                                                                                                                         ______                                  ______                      ______                           ______                    _______                     _____________
Derivative contracts – non-credit related . . . . .     $24,454.8   $2,420.2   $150.5       $  45.9    $466.3     $27,537.7
Written derivative contracts – credit related  . .            –                 42.0       20.5         155.7         –                218.2
            _______________         _____________           __________                   __________           __________              ________________
       Total derivative contracts  . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $24,454.8   $2,462.2   $171.0       $201.6    $466.3     $27,755.9
            _______________         _____________           __________                   __________           __________              ________________
            _______________         _____________           __________                   __________           __________              ________________

The derivative contracts deemed to meet the definition of a guarantee under GAAP are before consideration of hedging
transactions and only reflect a partial or “one-sided” component of any risk exposure. Written equity options and
written credit default swaps are often executed in a strategy that is in tandem with long cash instruments (e.g., equity
and debt securities). Jefferies substantially mitigates its exposure to market risk on these contracts through hedges,
such as other derivative contracts and/or cash instruments and Jefferies manages the risk associated with these contracts
in the context of its overall risk management framework. Jefferies believes notional amounts overstate its expected
payout and that fair value of these contracts is a more relevant measure of its obligations. The fair value of derivative
contracts meeting the definition of a guarantee is approximately $243.6 million as of December 31, 2017.

Berkadia. We have agreed to reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for up to one-half of any losses incurred under a $1.5
billion surety policy securing outstanding commercial paper issued by an affiliate of Berkadia. As of December 31,
2017, the aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding was $1.47 billion.

Other Guarantees. Jefferies is a member of various exchanges and clearing houses. In the normal course of business
Jefferies provides guarantees to securities clearinghouses and exchanges. These guarantees generally are required under
the  standard  membership  agreements,  such  that  members  are  required  to  guarantee  the  performance  of  other
members. Additionally, if a member becomes unable to satisfy its obligations to the clearinghouse, other members
would be required to meet these shortfalls. To mitigate these performance risks, the exchanges and clearinghouses
often require members to post collateral. Jefferies obligations under such guarantees could exceed the collateral amounts
posted. Jefferies maximum potential liability under these arrangements cannot be quantified; however, the potential
for Jefferies to be required to make payments under such guarantees is deemed remote. Accordingly, no liability has
been recognized for these arrangements.

Indemnification. In connection with the 2013 sale of Empire Insurance Company, we agreed to indemnify the buyer
for certain of Empire’s lease obligations that were assumed by another subsidiary of ours as part of the sale of
Empire. Our subsidiary was subsequently sold in 2014 to HomeFed as part of the real estate transaction with HomeFed.
Although HomeFed has agreed to indemnify us for these lease obligations, our indemnification obligation under the

F-95

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 24.  Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees, continued:

Empire transaction remains. The primary lease expires in 2018 and the aggregate amount of lease obligation as of
December 31, 2017 was approximately $9.8 million. Substantially all of the space under the primary lease has been
sublet to various third-party tenants for the full length of the lease term in amounts in excess of the obligations under
the primary lease.

Standby Letters of Credit. At December 31, 2017, Jefferies provided guarantees to certain counterparties in the form
of standby letters of credit in the amount of $51.8 million. Standby letters of credit commit Jefferies to make payment
to  the  beneficiary  if  the  guaranteed  party  fails  to  fulfill  its  obligation  under  a  contractual  arrangement  with
that beneficiary. Since commitments associated with these collateral instruments may expire unused, the amount shown
does not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirement. Other subsidiaries of ours have outstanding
letters of credit aggregating $15.0 million at December 31, 2017. Primarily all letters of credit expire within one year.

Note 25.  Net Capital Requirements:

Jefferies operates as a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and member firms of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (“FINRA”). Jefferies LLC is subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission Uniform Net Capital Rule
(“Rule 15c3-1”), which requires the maintenance of minimum net capital and has elected to calculate minimum capital
requirements using the alternative method permitted by Rule 15c3-1 in calculating net capital. Jefferies LLC, as a
dually-registered U.S. broker-dealer and futures commission merchant (“FCM”), is also subject to Rule 1.17 of the
CFTC which sets forth minimum financial requirements. The minimum net capital requirement in determining excess
net capital for a dually-registered U.S. broker-dealer and FCM is equal to the greater of the requirement under Rule
15c3-1 or CFTC Rule 1.17. In November 2017, Jefferies Execution Services, Inc. merged with and into Jefferies LLC,
with Jefferies LLC as the surviving entity.

Jefferies LLC’s net capital and excess net capital as of December 31, 2017 were $1,418.9 million and $1,330.2 million,
respectively.

FINRA is the designated examining authority for Jefferies U.S. broker-dealer and the NFA is the designated self-
regulatory organization for Jefferies LLC as an FCM.

Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries of Jefferies are subject to capital adequacy requirements as prescribed by
the regulatory authorities in their respective jurisdictions, including Jefferies International Limited which is authorized
and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.

The regulatory capital requirements referred to above may restrict our ability to withdraw capital from Jefferies regulated
subsidiaries. Some of our other consolidated subsidiaries also have credit agreements which may restrict the payment
of cash dividends, or the ability to make loans or advances to the parent company.

F-96

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 26.  Other Fair Value Information:

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our principal financial instruments that are not recognized at fair
value on a recurring basis are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                        December 31, 2017                         December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                _________________________________________________             __________________________________________________
                                                                                                                   Carrying                Fair                 Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                                    Amount               Value                 Amount                  Value
                                                                                                                    _____________________             _______________________           _____________________                 _____________________
        Other Assets:
            Notes and loans receivable (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $   579,071    $   565,285    $   962,938      $   958,377
        Financial Liabilities:
            Short-term borrowings (2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        412,891         412,891         525,842           525,842
            Long-term debt (3)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     7,278,827      7,678,210      7,131,587        7,221,459

(1)   Notes and loans receivable: The fair values are estimated principally based on a discounted future cash flows
model using market interest rates for similar instruments. If measured at fair value in the financial statements,
these financial instruments would be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

(2)   Short-term borrowings: The fair values of short-term borrowings are estimated to be the carrying amount due
to their short maturities. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, these financial instruments would
be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

(3)   Long-term debt: The fair values are estimated using quoted prices, pricing information obtained from external
data providers and, for certain variable rate debt, is estimated to be the carrying amount. If measured at fair
value in the financial statements, these financial instruments would be classified as Level 2 and Level 3 in the
fair value hierarchy.

Note 27.  Related Party Transactions:

Jefferies Capital Partners Related Funds. Jefferies has equity investments in the JCP Manager and in private equity
funds, which are managed by a team led by Brian P. Friedman, our President and a Director (“Private Equity Related
Funds”). Reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are Jefferies
equity investments in Private Equity Related Funds of $23.7 million and $37.7 million, respectively. Net losses
aggregating $11.7 million, $2.3 million and $26.2 million were recorded in Other revenues related to the Private Equity
Related Funds for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For further information regarding
our commitments and funded amounts to the Private Equity Related Funds, see Notes 9 and 24.

Berkadia Commercial Mortgage, LLC. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, Jefferies has commitments to purchase
$864.1 million and $817.0 million, respectively, in agency commercial mortgage-backed securities from Berkadia.

Officers, Directors and Employees. We have $45.6 million and $41.2 million of loans outstanding to certain officers
and employees (none of whom are an executive officer or director of the Company) at December 31, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. Receivables from and payables to customers include balances arising from officers, directors and employees’
individual security transactions. These transactions are subject to the same regulations as all customer transactions and
are provided on substantially the same terms. At December 31, 2016, Jefferies provided a guarantee of a credit agreement
for a private equity fund owned by Jefferies employees and in April 2017 this guarantee was terminated.

National Beef. National Beef participates in a cattle supply agreement with a minority owner and holder of a redeemable
noncontrolling interest in National Beef. Under this agreement, National Beef has agreed to purchase 735,385 head of
cattle each year (subject to adjustment), from the members of the minority owner, with prices based on those published
by  the  U.S.  Department  of Agriculture,  subject  to  adjustments  for  cattle  performance. National  Beef  obtained
approximately 24% and 27% of its cattle requirements under this agreement during 2017 and 2016, respectively.

F-97

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 27.  Related Party Transactions, continued:

National Beef also enters into transactions with an affiliate of another minority owner and holder of a redeemable
noncontrolling interest in National Beef to buy and sell a limited number of beef products. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, sales to this affiliate were $31.7 million and purchases were $13.4 million. During the year ended
December 31, 2016, sales to this affiliate were $30.9 million and purchases were $14.8 million. At December 31, 2017
and 2016, amounts due from and payable to these related parties were not significant.

HomeFed. During 2014, we sold to HomeFed substantially all of our then owned real estate properties and operations
as well as cash of approximately $14.0 million, in exchange for 7,500,000 newly issued unregistered HomeFed common
shares. As discussed in Note 10, as a result of a 1998 distribution to all of our shareholders, approximately 4.8% of
HomeFed is beneficially owned by our Chairman at December 31, 2017. Three of our executives serve on the board
of directors of HomeFed, including our Chairman who serves as HomeFed’s Chairman, and our President.

54 Madison. At December 31, 2016, approximately $230.2 million, of long-term debt held by 54 Madison is owed to
minority owners of 54 Madison. The interest rate on these long-term notes range between 4.2% and 6.0%. As a result
of the sale of our interest in the general partner during 2017, the 54 Madison fund has been deconsolidated and is
reflected in Loans to and investments in associated companies at December 31, 2017.

In the first quarter of 2016, 54 Madison purchased the equity interests in a real estate investment from a minority owner
of 54 Madison for $86.5 million.

See Note 10 for information on transactions with Jefferies Finance and Jefferies LoanCore.

Note 28.  Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Sale:

In January 2017, we sold 100% of Conwed to Schweitzer-Mauduit International, Inc., (NYSE:SWM) for $295 million
in cash plus potential earn-out payments in 2019, 2020 and 2021 totaling up to $40 million in cash to the extent the
results of Conwed’s subsidiary, Filtrexx International, exceed certain performance thresholds. At December 31, 2016,
the net book value of our investment in Conwed was $100.6 million. A pre-tax gain of $178.2 million (net of working
capital adjustments) was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2017. The sale of Conwed did not meet the
GAAP criteria to be classified as a discontinued operation.

Assets held for sale at December 31, 2016, which primarily relate to Conwed, are as follows (in thousands):

    Cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $    5,206
    Receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          15,297
    Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          18,664
    Intangible assets, net and goodwill  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          56,854
    Inventory  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          19,069
    Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          12,993
                                                                                                                                                _______________
                                                                                                                                                $128,083
                                                                                                                                                _______________
                                                                                                                                                _______________

Liabilities held for sale at December 31, 2016 were $14.7 million and are included in Payables, expense accruals and
other liabilities.

Gain on disposal of discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily relates to additional
consideration received related to the 2012 sale of our small Caribbean-based telecommunications provider, and a
reversal of a legal reserve.

F-98

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 29.  Segment Information:

Our operating segments consist of our consolidated businesses, which offer different products and services and are
managed separately. Our reportable segments, based on qualitative and quantitative requirements, are Jefferies, National
Beef,  and  Corporate  and  other. Jefferies  is  a  global  full-service,  integrated  securities  and  investment  banking
firm. National Beef processes and markets fresh boxed beef, consumer-ready beef, beef by-products and wet blue
leather for domestic and international markets.

Corporate and other assets primarily consist of financial instruments owned, the deferred tax asset (exclusive of Jefferies
deferred tax asset), cash and cash equivalents. Corporate and other revenues primarily consist of interest, other income
and net realized securities gains and losses. We do not allocate Corporate and other revenues or overhead expenses to
the operating units.

All other consists of our other financial services businesses and investments and our other merchant banking businesses
and investments. Our other financial services businesses and investments include the Leucadia Asset Management
platform, Foursight Capital, and our investments in Berkadia, FXCM and HomeFed. Our other merchant banking
businesses and investments primarily include Idaho Timber, Conwed, Vitesse, JETX, and our investments in HRG,
Garcadia, Linkem and Golden Queen.

Certain information concerning our segments for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is presented in
the following table. Consolidated subsidiaries are reflected as of the date a majority controlling interest was acquired. As
discussed above, Jefferies is reflected in our consolidated financial statements utilizing a one month lag.

F-99

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 29.  Segment Information, continued:

                                                                                                                                                            2017                    2016                     2015
                                                                                                                                                           _________                   _________                    _________
                                                                                                                                                                                (In thousands)
Net Revenues:
    Reportable Segments:
        Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $  3,207,097   $  2,421,055   $  2,476,133
        National Beef  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       7,358,948       7,027,243       7,402,419
        Corporate and other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            62,847            88,590            78,122
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
            Total net revenues related to reportable segments  . . . . . . . . . . .     10,628,892       9,536,888       9,956,674
    All other (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          807,501          525,729          950,784
    Intercompany eliminations (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                    –                  (21,000)
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
            Total consolidated net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $11,436,393   $10,062,617   $10,886,458
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes:
    Reportable Segments:
        Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $     527,804   $       43,508   $     119,165
        National Beef  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          407,312          329,022         (123,915)
        Corporate and other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (78,926)           18,386           (44,295)
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
        Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

related to reportable segments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          856,190          390,916           (49,045)
    All other (1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          216,567           (15,605)         492,762
    Parent Company interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (58,943)         (58,881)         (87,181)
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
            Total consolidated income from continuing operations before
income taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $  1,013,814   $     316,430   $     356,536
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
Depreciation and amortization expenses:
    Reportable Segments:
        Jefferies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $       62,668   $       60,206   $       92,165
        National Beef  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            98,515            94,482            89,317
        Corporate and other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              5,178              3,619              3,744
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
            Total depreciation and amortization expenses related to

reportable segments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          166,361          158,307          185,226
    All other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            42,549            53,286            38,907
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
            Total consolidated depreciation and amortization expenses . . . .   $     208,910   $     211,593   $     224,133
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
Identifiable assets employed:
    Reportable Segments:
        Jefferies (3)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $39,575,732   $36,992,096   $38,607,786
        National Beef  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1,460,539       1,498,317       1,514,249
        Corporate and other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       2,006,536       1,935,118       1,777,199
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
            Identifiable assets employed related to reportable segments  . . .     43,042,807     40,425,531     41,899,234
    All other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4,196,622       4,728,457       4,581,673
    Intercompany eliminations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (70,321)         (82,681)       (149,723)
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
            Total consolidated assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $47,169,108   $45,071,307   $46,331,184
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________
                                                                                                                    ____________________   ____________________   ____________________

(1)   All other revenue and income from continuing operations before income taxes include $23.2 million and
$(154.5) million, respectively, of realized and unrealized gains (losses) relating to our investment in FXCM for
the year ended December 31, 2017. All other revenue and income from continuing operations before income
taxes include $(54.6) million and $491.3 million of realized and unrealized gains (losses) relating to our
investment in FXCM for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

F-100

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 29.  Segment Information, continued:

(2)   Revenue intercompany elimination for 2015 relates to an investment banking and advisory fee paid to Jefferies

in connection with our entering into the agreement with FXCM.

(3)   At December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, includes $213.0 million, $337.6 million and $320.2 million, respectively,

of Jefferies deferred tax asset, net.

Net revenues for Jefferies are recorded in the geographic region in which the position was risk-managed, in the case of
investment banking, in which the senior coverage banker is located, or for asset management, according to the location
of the investment advisor. Net revenues by geographic region for Jefferies for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                            2017                    2016                     2015
                                                                                                                                                           _________                   _________                    _________
    Americas (1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $2,611,729     $1,876,796     $1,887,899
    Europe (2)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          489,583          458,046          510,044
    Asia  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          105,785            86,213            78,190
                                                                                                                      __________________     __________________     __________________
                                                                                                                       $3,207,097     $2,421,055     $2,476,133
                                                                                                                      __________________     __________________     __________________
                                                                                                                      __________________     __________________     __________________

(1)   Substantially all relates to U.S. results.

(2)   Substantially all relates to U.K. results.

Approximately 88.8%, 89.2% and 89.5% of National Beef’s revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively, relate to sales made in the U.S. The remainder of National Beef’s revenues primarily relate to
sales made in Asia. Consolidated net revenues exclusive of Jefferies and National Beef principally relate to the U.S.
for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Net realized securities gains for Corporate and other aggregated $23.0 million, $16.4 million and $63.0 million during
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Interest expense classified as a component of Net revenues relates to Jefferies. For the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015, interest expense classified as a component of Expenses was primarily comprised of National Beef
($6.7 million, $12.9 million and $16.6 million, respectively), parent company interest ($58.9 million, $58.9 million
and $87.2 million, respectively) and all other ($42.2 million, $36.9 million and $12.0 million, respectively).

Note 30.  Exit Costs:

Jefferies Bache. On April 9, 2015, Jefferies entered into an agreement with Société Générale S.A. (the “Agreement”)
to transfer certain client exchange and over-the-counter transactions associated with Jefferies Futures business for the
net book value of the over-the-counter transactions, calculated in accordance with certain principles set forth in the
Agreement, plus the repayment of certain margin loans in respect of certain exchange transactions. In addition, Jefferies
initiated a plan to substantially exit the remaining aspects of its futures business, which was completed during the
second quarter of 2016.

In addition, Jefferies terminated its $750.0 million credit facility on July 31, 2015. During the year ended December
31, 2015, Jefferies recognized costs of $3.8 million related to the Credit Facility.

F-101

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 30.  Exit Costs, continued:

During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, Jefferies recorded restructuring and impairment costs as follows
(in thousands):
                                                                                                                                                                                   2016                  2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ________                                     ________
       Severance costs  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $   279          $30,327
       Accelerated amortization of restricted stock and restricted cash awards  . . . .                   41              7,922
       Accelerated amortization of capitalized software  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                19,745
       Contract termination costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              1,234            11,247
       Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 300              3,853
                    __________                           ____________
                                                
           Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $1,854          $73,094
                                                
                    __________                           ____________
                                                
                    __________                           ____________

Of the above costs, $0.3 million and $28.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are
of a non-cash nature.

Severance costs and amortization of restricted stock and restricted cash awards are recorded as Compensation and
benefits, amortization of capitalized software is recorded as Depreciation and amortization and contract termination
costs are recorded as Selling, general and other expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Note 31.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited):
                                                                                                                      First                    Second                   Third                     Fourth
                                                                                                                 Quarter (1)          Quarter (2)          Quarter (3)            Quarter (4)
                                                                                                                    _____________________                  _____________________                  _____________________                     _____________________
                                                                                                                                        (In thousands, except per share amounts)
2017
Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $2,867,982      $2,732,380      $2,896,522       $2,939,509
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Income (loss) from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . .   $   293,923      $    74,062       $  136,767        $ (251,905)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Net (income) loss attributable to the noncontrolling
    interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $          523      $      1,446       $          (28)       $      1,514
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Net income attributable to the redeemable
    noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $   (12,022)     $   (16,300)      $   (36,216)       $   (20,038)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Preferred stock dividends  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $     (1,016)     $     (1,015)      $     (1,172)       $     (1,172)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
    Net income (loss) attributable to Leucadia National
        Corporation common shareholders  . . . . . . . . . . .   $   281,408      $    58,193       $    99,351        $ (271,601)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Basic earnings (loss) per common share attributable
    to Leucadia National Corporation common

shareholders:

        Net income (loss)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $0.76              $0.16               $0.27               $(0.74)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                         _________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                         _________
    Number of shares used in calculation  . . . . . . . . . . .        369,267          369,212           367,828            366,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ____________                            ____________                               ____________                                 ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ____________                            ____________                               ____________                                 ____________
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable
    to Leucadia National Corporation common

shareholders:

        Net income (loss)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $0.75              $0.16               $0.27               $(0.74)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                         _________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                         _________
    Number of shares used in calculation  . . . . . . . . . . .        375,721          371,552           370,198            366,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ____________                            ____________                               ____________                                 ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ____________                            ____________                               ____________                                 ____________

F-102

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, continued

Note 31. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited), continued:

                                                                                                                       First                     Second                    Third                      Fourth
                                                                                                                  Quarter (1)            Quarter (2)            Quarter (3)              Quarter (4)
                                                                                                                    _____________________                  _____________________                  _____________________                     _____________________
                                                                                                                                        (In thousands, except per share amounts)
2016
Net revenues  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $2,015,106      $2,625,358      $2,676,375       $2,745,778
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Income (loss) from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . .   $ (218,602)     $    70,612       $  176,206        $  166,105
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Net (income) loss attributable to the noncontrolling
    interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $       1,052      $         760       $      1,870        $     (2,256)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Net income attributable to the redeemable
    noncontrolling interests  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $     (4,314)     $   (13,068)      $   (22,702)       $   (25,662)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Preferred stock dividends  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $     (1,016)     $     (1,015)      $     (1,016)       $     (1,016)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
    Net income (loss) attributable to Leucadia 
    National Corporation common shareholders  . . .   $ (222,880)     $    57,289       $  154,358        $  137,171
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               _________________                _________________                  _________________                     _________________
Basic earnings (loss) per common share attributable
    to Leucadia National Corporation common

shareholders:

        Net income (loss)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $(0.60)             $0.15               $0.41                $0.37
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                           ________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                           ________
    Number of shares used in calculation  . . . . . . . . . . .        372,367          372,556           370,404            369,299
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ____________                           ____________                              ____________                                ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ____________                           ____________                              ____________                                ____________
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable
    to Leucadia National Corporation common

shareholders:

        Net income (loss)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           $(0.60)             $0.15               $0.41                $0.37
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                           ________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   _________                                      ________                                       _________                                           ________
    Number of shares used in calculation  . . . . . . . . . . .        372,367          372,556           374,567            374,693
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ____________                           ____________                              ____________                                ____________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ____________                           ____________                              ____________                                ____________

(1)   The first quarter of 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $179.9 million related to the sale of Conwed Plastics, revenue
of $175.2 million related to the increase in fair value of our investment in HRG and a pre-tax charge of $130.2
million related to an impairment of our equity investment in FXCM.

       Net revenues for the first quarter of 2016 were impacted by a volatile and turbulent period in the capital markets,
which primarily impacted Jefferies and our other market sensitive businesses. Net revenues in the first quarter
of 2016 include losses of $82.2 million from Jefferies investment in two equity block positions, including KCG,
and a loss of $53.2 million from a decline in fair value of our FXCM investment. The first quarter of 2016 also
includes revenue of $65.6 million related to the increase in a corporate trading asset held at fair value.

(2)   The second quarter of 2017 includes losses of $75.0 million from a decrease in fair value of our investment in

HRG and revenue of $95.8 million from an increase in fair value of Jefferies investment in KCG.

       Net revenues in the second quarter of 2016 includes revenue of $55.8 million from an increase in fair value of
Jefferies investment in KCG and a loss of $47.9 million from a decline in fair value of our FXCM investment.
(3)   The third quarter of 2017 includes losses of $97.9 million from a decrease in fair value of our investment in HRG.
       The third quarter of 2016 includes revenue of $91.8 million from an increase in fair value of our investment in
HRG and revenue of $42.7 million from an increase in fair value of our FXCM investment. The third quarter
of 2016 also includes a pre-tax charge of $55.0 million related to an impairment of JETX’s unproved oil and
gas properties in the East Eagle Ford and Houston County.

(4)   As discussed further in Note 20, the fourth quarter of 2017 includes a discrete tax charge of $450.5 million as
a provisional estimate of the impact of the Tax Act. This provisional estimate primarily consists of a $415.0
million expense related to the revaluation of our deferred tax assets and a $35.5 million expense related to the
deemed repatriation of foreign earnings.

In 2017 and 2016, the totals of quarterly per share amounts may not equal annual per share amounts because of changes
in outstanding shares during the year.

F-103

Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Registrant
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
(PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
Condensed Statements of Financial Condition
December 31, 2017 and 2016
(Dollars in thousands, except par value)
                                                                                                                                                                                         2017                     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ______                                          ______
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $       12,317   $     105,222
Financial instruments owned:
    Trading assets, at fair value  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          200,804          223,218
    Available for sale securities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            16,378            15,635
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Total financial instruments owned . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          217,182          238,853
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Investments in subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     18,615,819     18,412,037
Advances to subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          542,976          235,879
Investments in associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          288,382          273,518
Deferred tax asset, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          205,773          346,684
Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              8,815            13,993
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $19,891,264   $19,626,186
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Liabilities
Accrued interest payable  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $       11,447   $       11,447
Pension liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            52,841            69,152
Other payables, expense accruals and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            31,919            39,284
Advances from subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       8,575,079       8,265,312
Long-term debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          989,021          987,891
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       9,660,307       9,373,086
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
Commitments and contingencies
Mezzanine Equity
Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          125,000          125,000
Equity
Common shares, par value $1 per share, authorized 600,000,000 shares;
    356,227,038 and 359,425,061 shares issued and outstanding, after deducting

60,165,980 and 56,947,654 shares held in treasury . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          356,227          359,425
Additional paid-in capital  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4,676,038       4,812,587
Accumulated other comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          372,724          310,697
Retained earnings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4,700,968       4,645,391
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
        Total Leucadia National Corporation shareholders’ equity  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     10,105,957     10,128,100
       ___________________         ___________________
                              
        Total  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   $19,891,264   $19,626,186
                              
       ___________________         ___________________
                              
       ___________________         ___________________

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.

S-1

Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
(PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
Condensed Statements of Operations
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                                                         2017                    2016                         2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ______                                         ______                                                  ______
Revenues:
    Principal transactions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $    (9,754)     $   16,735          $491,341
    Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 277              2,300                1,477
                              
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
        Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (9,477)           19,035            492,818
                              
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
Expenses:
    Compensation and benefits  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            47,462            39,693              58,899
    WilTel pension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              2,957              2,989              50,836
    Interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            58,943            58,881              87,181
    Intercompany interest expense  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          361,446          293,527            241,906
    Selling, general and other expenses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            20,821            19,244              26,784
                              
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
                                                                                                                         491,629          414,334            465,606
                              
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
    Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes,

    income related to associated companies and equity in 

earnings of subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (501,106)       (395,299)             27,212
Income related to associated companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              3,183            21,195                3,479
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
                              
    Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

    and equity in earnings of subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (497,923)       (374,104)             30,691
Income tax provision (benefit)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           (47,329)       (117,699)                  267
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
                              
    Income (loss) from continuing operations before equity in

    common shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $ 167,351      $ 125,938          $279,587
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________

    earnings of subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         (450,594)       (256,405)             30,424
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net of taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          622,320          386,406            247,704
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
                              
    Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          171,726          130,001            278,128
Equity in income from discontinued operations, net of taxes  . . . . . . .              –                     –                          429
Equity in gain on disposal of discontinued operations, net of taxes . . .              –                     –                       5,093
                              
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
    Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          171,726          130,001            283,650
Preferred stock dividends  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (4,375)           (4,063)              (4,063)
                              
         ________________                 _______________                           _______________
    Net income attributable to Leucadia National Corporation
                              
                              
Basic earnings per common share attributable to Leucadia National
    Corporation common shareholders:
        Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.73
        Income from discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                    –                        –
        Gain on disposal of discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                    –                       0.01
                            _________                                    _________                                          _________
                              
            Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.74
                              
                            _________                                    _________                                          _________
                              
                            _________                                    _________                                          _________
Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Leucadia National
    Corporation common shareholders:
        Income from continuing operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.73
        Income from discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                    –                        –
        Gain on disposal of discontinued operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 –                    –                       0.01
                            _________                                    _________                                          _________
                              
            Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              $0.45              $0.34                $0.74
                            _________                                    _________                                          _________
                              
                            _________                                    _________                                          _________
                              
Dividends per common share  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            $0.325            $0.250              $0.250
                              
                      ___________                               ___________                                     ___________
                              
                      ___________                               ___________                                     ___________

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.

S-2

Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
(PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands)

                                                                                                                                                                 2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ______                                            ______                                            ______
Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $171,726        $ 130,001         $283,650
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
Other comprehensive income (loss):
    Net unrealized holding gains (losses) on investments arising
    during the period, net of income tax provision (benefit) of

$3,450, $2,262 and $(5,029)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           5,923               3,900              (9,057)

    Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included
    in net income, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $124,

$2 and $6,068  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (212)                   (4)          (10,930)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on investments, 

    net of income tax provision (benefit) of $3,326, $2,260

and $(11,097)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           5,711               3,896            (19,987)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) arising during
    the period, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $14,616,

$(3,530) and $(5,174)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         78,493          (121,581)          (36,477)

    Less: reclassification adjustment for foreign exchange (gains)
    losses included in net income, net of income tax provision

(benefit) of $1,086, $0 and $0  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           5,310                –                      –

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net change in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses), net of

    income tax provision (benefit) of $13,530, $(3,530) and 

$(5,174) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         83,803          (121,581)          (36,477)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on instrument specific credit risk

    arising during the period, net of income tax provision (benefit)

of $(13,215), $(4,251) and $0  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (21,394)            (6,494)               –

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net change in unrealized instrument specific credit risk gains
    (losses), net of income tax provision (benefit) of $(13,215),

$(4,251) and $0  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (21,394)            (6,494)               –

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges arising during 

    the period, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $(593), 

$0 and $0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             (936)               –                      –

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net change in unrealized cash flow hedges gains (losses), net of 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net pension gains (losses) arising during the period, net of income

    income tax provision (benefit) of $(593), $0 and $0  . . . . . . . . . . .             (936)               –                      –

    tax provision (benefit) of $2,018, $(2,516) and $7,152  . . . . . . . . .           3,526              (5,451)            17,073

    Less: reclassification adjustment for pension (gains) losses included

    in net income, net of income tax provision (benefit) of $(2,042),

$(700) and $(17,159)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              517               1,534             31,102
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
    Net change in pension liability benefits, net of income tax provision
    (benefit) of $4,060, $(1,816) and $24,311  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           4,043              (3,917)            48,175
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . .         71,227          (128,096)            (8,289)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       242,953               1,905           275,361
Preferred stock dividends  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (4,375)            (4,063)            (4,063)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Leucadia National
    Corporation common shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      $238,578        $    (2,158)        $271,298
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          _______________                      ________________                         ________________

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.

S-3

Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
(PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
(In thousands)

                                                                                                                                                                 2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ______                                            ______                                            ______

Net cash flows from operating activities:
Net income  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $ 171,726        $ 130,001      $   283,650
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used for operations:
    Deferred income tax provision (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       116,942            (12,220)            (2,457)
    Accretion of interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              975                  921               1,788
    Share-based compensation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         48,384             33,597             74,087
    Equity in earnings of subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (622,320)        (386,406)        (253,226)
    Income related to associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (3,183)          (21,195)            (3,479)
    Distributions from associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           5,641               1,861                  312
    Change in estimated litigation reserve  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                      –                  (88,500)
    Net change in:
        Trading assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         22,415            (40,235)        (615,768)
        Other assets  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,250                 (708)          (49,006)
        Accrued interest payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                      –                  (10,982)
        Pension liabilities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (8,461)          (13,111)            49,835
        Other payables, expense accruals and other liabilities  . . . . . . . . . .          (7,763)          (23,218)                 558
        Income taxes receivable/payable, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (164,684)          (90,898)              6,640
    Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           2,316               1,262               5,110
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
    Net cash used for operating activities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (436,762)        (420,349)        (601,438)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
Net cash flows from investing activities:
Investments in subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (365,381)        (427,933)        (637,400)
Distributions from subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       753,193           868,612           119,695
Advances on notes, loans and other receivables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                      –                (279,000)
Collections on notes, loans and other receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                  16,233           144,652
Investments in associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (45,457)          (11,611)            (8,101)
Capital distributions from associated companies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           2,796               1,501               1,317
Purchases of investments (other than short-term) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (1,316)            (2,242)            (7,968)
Other  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,886                  150                  276
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
    Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       345,721           444,710          (666,529)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
Net cash flows from financing activities:
Repayment of debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             –                      –                (458,641)
Advances from (to) subsidiaries, net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       214,519           265,762        1,943,961
Issuance of common shares  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           1,501               1,062               1,223
Purchase of common shares for treasury  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (100,477)          (95,020)        (125,754)
Dividends paid  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      (117,407)          (91,296)          (92,550)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
    Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities  . . . . . . . . . . . . .          (1,864)            80,508        1,268,239
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
    Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        (92,905)          104,869                  272
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1,  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       105,222                  353                    81
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31,  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $   12,317        $ 105,222      $          353
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ________________                      ________________                  __________________

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.

S-4

Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant, continued
LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORPORATION
(PARENT COMPANY ONLY)
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

1. Introduction and Basis of Presentation:

The notes to the consolidated financial statements of Leucadia National Corporation and Subsidiaries (the “Company”)
are incorporated by reference into this schedule. For purposes of these condensed non-consolidated financial statements,
the Company’s wholly-owned and majority owned subsidiaries are accounted for using the equity method of accounting
(“equity method subsidiaries”).

The Parent Company Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States (“GAAP”). The significant accounting policies of the Parent Company Financial
Statements are those used by the Company on a consolidated basis, to the extent applicable. For further information
regarding the significant accounting policies refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements included in the 2017 10-K.

The Company has made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities and
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities to prepare these financial statements in conformity with GAAP. The
most important of these estimates and assumptions relate to fair value measurements, goodwill and intangible assets,
the ability to realize deferred tax assets and the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. Although
these and other estimates and assumptions are based on the best available information, actual results could be materially
different from these estimates.

2. Cash Flows:

Supplemental cash flow information related to the Parent Company for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015 is as follows (in thousands):

                                                                                                                                                                 2017                      2016                       2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ______                                            ______                                            ______
Cash paid during the year for:
    Interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $57,813         $  57,813           $95,074
    Income tax payments (refunds), net  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $  1,440         $ (10,199)          $ (2,332)
Non-cash investing activities:
    Investments contributed to subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $25,328         $423,009           $    –
    Investments transferred from subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $    –              $    2,022           $    –
    Dividends received from subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       $32,792         $     –                 $    –

3. Transactions with Subsidiaries:

The Parent Company has transactions with its equity method subsidiaries, many of which are structured as interest
bearing advances to/from its subsidiaries. Intercompany interest expense primarily reflects the interest on funding
advances incurred by the Parent to its wholly-owned subsidiary which holds assets related to its treasury function.
Interest is incurred on funding advances based on the prime rate plus .125%. Although there is frequent cash movement
between these subsidiaries and the Parent, they do not represent cash dividends. As such, the Parent Company received
no cash dividends from its subsidiaries during the three years ended December 31, 2017.

Historically, excess cash was provided to the Parent Company by its subsidiaries in the form of loans rather than 
as distributions. Through a series of steps, the Parent Company is reducing these intercompany loans to zero. From
January 1, 2018 through February 15, 2018, the Parent Company received non-cash dividends totaling $7.9 billion
from its subsidiaries. Of this amount, $7.9 billion will be reflected as a decrease in our Investment in subsidiaries, $0.2
billion will be reflected as a decrease to Advances to subsidiaries and $8.1 billion will be reflected as a decrease to
Advances from subsidiaries.

S-5

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements, continued

4. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees:

In the normal course of its business, the Parent Company has various commitments, contingencies and guarantees as
described in Note 24, Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees, and Note 16, Mezzanine Equity, in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements.

5. Restricted Net Assets:

For a discussion of the Company’s regulatory requirements, see Note 25, Net Capital Requirements, in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. Some of the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries also have credit agreements which
may restrict the payment of cash dividends, or the ability to make loans or advances to the Parent Company.

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, $6.1 billion and $6.0 billion, respectively, of net assets of the Parent Company’s
consolidated subsidiaries are restricted as to the payment of cash dividends, or the ability to make loans or advances
to the Parent Company. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, $5.1 billion and $4.8 billion, respectively, of these net assets
are restricted as they reflect regulatory capital requirements or require regulatory approval prior to the payment of cash
dividends and advances to the Parent Company.

Included in retained earnings of the Parent Company at December 31, 2017 are $202.9 million of undistributed earnings
of unconsolidated associated companies. For further information, see Note 10, Loans to and Investments in Associated
Companies, in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

S-6

Leucadia National Corporation  

Officers 

Richard B. Handler 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Brian P. Friedman 
President 
 
Joseph S. Steinberg 
Chairman 
 
Michael J. Sharp 
Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
 
Teresa S. Gendron 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
John M. Dalton 
Vice President, Controller and  
Chief Accounting Officer 
 
Rocco J. Nittoli 
Vice President, Treasurer and  
Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Auditors 

Deloitte & Touche LLP 
30 Rockefeller Plaza 
New York, New York 10112-0015 
 
The Common Stock is listed for 
trading on the New York Stock Exchange 
under the symbol “LUK.” 
 
 

1 Audit Committee 
2 Compensation Committee 
3 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

 

Directors 

Joseph S. Steinberg  
Chairman 
 
Richard B. Handler 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Brian P. Friedman 
President 
 
Linda L. Adamany 1, 3 
Retired Group Vice President of BP plc  
 
Robert D. Beyer 1, 2 
Chairman of Chaparal Investments LLC 
 
Francisco L. Borges 1, 3 
Chairman of Landmark Partners, LLC 
 
W. Patrick Campbell 1 
Retired Independent Consultant,  
Former Chairman and CEO of Magex Limited 
 
Robert E. Joyal 2, 3 
Retired President of Babson Capital 
Management LLC 
 
Jeffrey C. Keil 1, 3 
Retired President of Republic 
New York Corporation 
 
Michael T. O’Kane 2, 3 
Retired Senior Managing Director of 
TIAA-CREF 
 
Stuart H. Reese 1 
Retired CEO, Chairman and President of 
MassMutual 
 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 

American Stock Transfer & 
Trust Company, LLC 
6201 15th Avenue 
Brooklyn, New York 11219-9821 
(800) 937-5449 
www.astfinancial.com 
 
 

s
i
r
o
p
m
E
/
a
j
i

u
G
d

 

i

v
a
D
©

 
:

y
h
p
a
r
g
o
t
o
h
P

Leucadia National Corporation

520 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10022

