T
R
O
P
E
R

 
L
A
U
N
N
A

2017

MACY’S, INC. 
M A C Y ’ S   •  B L O O M I N G D A L E ’ S   •  B L U E M E R C U R Y

MACY’S, INC. IS ONE OF THE NATION’S PREMIER RETAILERS. 

With fiscal 2017 sales of $24.837 billion and approximately 130,000 employees, the 

company operates more than 690 department stores under the nameplates Macy’s and 

Bloomingdale’s, and approximately 160 specialty stores that include Bloomingdale’s  

The Outlet, Bluemercury and Macy’s Backstage. Macy’s, Inc. operates stores in  

44 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico, as well as macys.com,  

bloomingdales.com and bluemercury.com. Bloomingdale’s stores in Dubai and Kuwait 

are operated by Al Tayer Group LLC under license agreements. Macy’s, Inc. has 

corporate offices in Cincinnati, Ohio and New York, New York.

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

This is an exciting time to be in retail. It’s also one of the most competitive retail 
environments that we have ever seen. I’m pleased to report that Macy’s, Inc. showed 
improved performance in 2017, but we know that we need to compete to win our 
customers’ business every single day.  We ended the year in a good position and are 
headed into 2018 with momentum and a commitment to returning Macy’s, Inc. to 
comparable sales growth. 

Supported by a strong holiday shopping season across all three brands – Macy’s, Bloomingdale’s 
and Bluemercury – we exceeded our earnings and sales guidance for 2017. Fiscal 2017 earnings 
per diluted share were $5.04 compared to $1.99 in fiscal 2016, and adjusted earnings (excluding 
certain items) were $3.77 per diluted share as compared to $3.11 in fiscal 2016. Fiscal 2017 
comparable sales on an owned basis declined by 2.2%. On an owned plus licensed basis, 
comparable sales for fiscal 2017 declined by 1.9%. (See pages 29 to 32 of the company’s 2017 
Form 10-K for information on our non-GAAP financial measures.)

JEFF GENNETTE

MACY’S – AMERICA’S DEPARTMENT STORE 
In early 2017, we launched the North Star Strategy for 
the Macy’s brand. The North Star Strategy reset the 
fundamentals of our business, yet is flexible enough for 
today’s dynamic retail environment. The strategy is working. 
In 2018, we will continue to execute our North Star Strategy, 
accelerating the rollout of initiatives we tested in 2017 and 
testing new growth ideas for the future. The core of our 
strategy gives our customers the inspiration, fashion and 
clear value they want, and we are committed to providing a 
great experience every time and any way they shop.

Brand – From Familiar To Favorite 
Macy’s is one of America’s most loved brands. 

In 2017, we began the reengineering of the Macy’s 
marketing machine, placing a greater emphasis on fashion, 
reducing complexity in our promotional calendar and 
beginning to tackle pricing simplification. We know this 
will be a multi-year effort, but we’re off to a great start. 
In October, we launched our new Star Rewards loyalty 
program, and our customers responded enthusiastically. 

In 2018, we will continue dialing our brand to full bright. 
We will enhance our Star Rewards program, introducing a 
tender-neutral option, as well as layer in additional benefits 
for our best customers.

Product – It Must Be Macy’s 
Macy’s has a history of excellence and innovation in 
merchandising.

In 2017, we improved our merchandise assortment through 
edited, elevated and exclusive products. In 2018, we will 
continue to bolster our merchandise assortment, with a 
focus on growing exclusivity. We will also put more weight 
behind a number of new merchandising initiatives to get 
great products in every store and on our site. 

In 2018, we will be enhancing our vendor direct fulfillment 
model to significantly expand our online assortment. In our 
stores, customers will find curated, localized assortments. 
On macys.com, they will find an endless aisle curated 
through data-driven personalization.

In 2017, we expanded Macy’s Backstage store within a 
store – our off-price, on-mall offering – to 45 stores. We 
saw a nearly seven-point lift in performance relative to their 
control group, and we believe there is further upside.

We are confident that Backstage stores within existing 
Macy’s stores is the right model moving forward. In 2018, 
we will expand Backstage by approximately 100 stores, 
including locations in some of our premium malls and an 
expansion to the West Coast.

Customer Experience – Every Experience Matters
Our customers expect a great experience each time and 
every way they interact with Macy’s. 

In 2017, we improved our customer experience with new 
service and delivery models. We expanded Buy Online 
Pickup in Store and At Your Service counters, enhanced our 
mobile experience, tested mobile checkout and introduced 
Artificial Intelligence to improve customer service. In 2018, 
we will further scale a number of these initiatives, including 
the rollout of mobile checkout and At Your Service across 
most of our stores.  

Macy’s recipe for success is a healthy brick & mortar 
business combined with robust growth in digital. In 2018, 
we are launching a very important initiative – the Growth50.  
The Growth50 are 50 stores – a mix of size and geography –  
where we are accelerating the rollout of the best of what we 
tested in 2017. This includes putting extra weight behind 
merchandising initiatives, Backstage and Big Ticket, and 
an emphasis on licensed businesses including food and 

 MACY’S, INC. 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  1

beverage. We will also be improving facilities and fixtures 
and upgrading our in-store technology. We will increase local 
marketing and community engagement. These stores are led 
by top talent. We intend to come out of 2018 with these 50 
stores on an accelerated growth track and with a model to 
scale across our stores portfolio beginning in 2019. 

Innovation – What’s New, What’s Next
We can never stop innovating and looking for ways to 
improve the customer journey. 

In 2017, we launched a number of pilots aimed at creating 
compelling experiences in our stores. We’re particularly 
excited about The Market @ Macy’s – our pop-up retail 
boutique within Macy’s stores. We launched The Market @ 
Macy’s in 10 stores, and early signs are positive.

In 2018, we will continue to test ways to drive traffic, 
increase engagement and create the potential for new 
revenue streams in our stores. 

Cost Management – Funding our Future
We must continue to find ways to reduce cost, work  
smarter and move faster.  

We finished 2017 ahead of target on our cost reduction 
efforts, which is critical to funding reinvestment in the 
business. We will continue to operate with a mindset of 
continuous improvement.

In 2017, we also had a productive year with our real  
estate strategy, generating $411 million in cash proceeds. 
We maintained our focus on identifying opportunities  
where the redevelopment value of our real estate exceeds 
that of non-strategic operating locations. We announced  
a signed agreement to sell floors 8 through 14 of our  
State Street flagship in Chicago and are exploring the  
sale of the I. Magnin portion of our Union Square flagship  
in San Francisco. We are confident that these actions  
will result in more vibrant shopping destinations in both  
cities. We also continue to work with Brookfield Asset 
Management on our strategic alliance and have agreed to 
certain terms on nine assets (of the approximately 50-asset 
portfolio), which Brookfield will redevelop once it receives  
the necessary approvals. 

Our retail strategy and our real estate strategy go hand  
in hand. In 2018, we will continue to explore actions that  
will help create value and further improve the vibrancy of  
our stores.  

BLOOMINGDALE’S – LIKE NO OTHER   
STORE IN THE WORLD 
Bloomingdale’s makes fashion personal, fun and aspirational 
yet approachable. In 2017, we elevated our assortment 
with the addition of Givenchy, Jimmy Choo and Killian and 
expanded merchandise from Creed, Stella McCartney and 

2  |  MACY’S, INC. 2017 ANNUAL REPORT

several emerging and contemporary designers. Building on 
our millennial-focused concepts, Bloomingdale’s introduced 
Glowhaus, a curation of niche beauty products for 
customers to discover. In 2017, Bloomingdale’s continued 
the renovation of the iconic flagship store at 59th Street  
and completed three expansive home floors. We will 
continue the renovation in 2018, including refreshing 
the women’s apparel and cosmetics areas. Service and 
experience remain at the core of the Bloomingdale’s offering 
with the expansion of our Stylist program, trend-setting visual 
animation and pop-culture collaborations, which use style 
as a source of creative energy for our customers. In 2018, 
we will continue to enhance our products and services, 
as well as invest in an improved mobile app as part of the 
company’s growth strategy.  

BLUEMERCURY – YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD 
BEAUTY DESTINATION
In 2017, Bluemercury had a strong year, expanding our 
footprint by 36 stores for a total of 137 freestanding specialty 
stores across 24 states. We opened one of the largest 
Bluemercury stores yet – a 2,500 square foot location in 
New York City. The new store serves not only as a flagship, 
but also as a testing ground for new technologies and 
products. The brand continues to be among the most 
innovative in the luxury beauty space. In 2017, we tested 
new delivery methods and deployed WiFi-enabled AI mirrors, 
so customers can get real-time feedback from family and 
friends. Bluemercury also launched new products under 
our two proprietary brands, M-61 Powerful Skincare and 
Lune+Aster cosmetics, which are both sold in some Macy’s 
stores and on macys.com. In 2018, Bluemercury will 
continue to expand.

THE YEAR AHEAD FOR MACY’S, INC.
We are committed to returning Macy’s, Inc. to growth in 
2018. There are several factors that give us confidence. 

•  We anticipate a continued healthy consumer  

spending environment.

•  We will continue to strengthen our execution with  

a focus on an improved customer experience.

•  We will accelerate the rollout of strategies we tested  

in 2017.

•  Our entire company is aligned and moving in the  

same direction toward growth.

We feel good about the year ahead. We have an improved 
base business, healthy inventories, a more focused and 
engaged organization and a clear path to return Macy’s, Inc. 
to growth.  

Jeff Gennette 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended

February 3, 2018

Commission File Number:

1-13536

7 West Seventh Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202

(513) 579-7000

and

151 West 34th Street

New York, New York 10001

(212) 494-1602

Incorporated in Delaware

I.R.S. No. 13-3324058

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.    Yes  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

    No  

    No  

during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing 
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File 

required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was 
required to submit and post such files).    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to 
the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to 
this Form 10-K.  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an 

emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in 
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting 
company  

Emerging growth 
company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any 

new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  
The aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant’s most 

    No  

recently completed second fiscal quarter (July 29, 2017) was approximately $7,288,096,032.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Class

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Outstanding at March 3, 2018

305,322,583 shares

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2018

Document

Parts Into

Which Incorporated

Part III

Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Macy’s” or the “Company” are references to Macy’s and its subsidiaries 

and references to “2017,” “2016,” “2015,” “2014” and “2013” are references to the Company’s fiscal years ended February 3, 2018, 
January 28, 2017, January 30, 2016, January 31, 2015 and February 1, 2014, respectively. Fiscal year 2017 included 53 weeks; fiscal 
years 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 included 52 weeks. 

Forward-Looking Statements

This report and other reports, statements and information previously or subsequently filed by the Company with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) contain or may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements 
are based upon the beliefs and assumptions of, and on information available to, the management of the Company at the 
time such statements are made. The following are or may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: (i) statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “may,” 
“will,” “could,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “future,” “potential,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “think,” 
“estimate” or “continue” or the negative or other variations thereof, and (ii) statements regarding matters that are not 
historical facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including risks and 
uncertainties relating to:

• 
• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• 

• 

• 

the possible invalidity of the underlying beliefs and assumptions;
competitive pressures from department and specialty stores, general merchandise stores, manufacturers’ 
outlets, off-price and discount stores, and all other retail channels, including the Internet, catalogs and 
television;
the Company’s ability to remain competitive and relevant as consumers’ shopping behaviors migrate to other 
shopping channels and to maintain its brand and reputation;
general consumer-spending levels, including the impact of general economic conditions, consumer 
disposable income levels, consumer confidence levels, the availability, cost and level of consumer debt, the 
costs of basic necessities and other goods and the effects of the weather or natural disasters;
conditions to, or changes in the timing of, proposed transactions, including planned store closures, and 
changes in expected synergies, cost savings and non-recurring charges;
the success of the Company’s operational decisions (e.g., product curation and marketing programs) and 
strategic initiatives;
possible systems failures and/or security breaches, including, any security breach that results in the theft, 
transfer or unauthorized disclosure of customer, employee or company information, or the failure to comply 
with various laws applicable to the Company in the event of such a breach;
the cost of employee benefits as well as attracting and retaining quality employees;
transactions involving our real estate portfolio;
the seasonal nature of the Company’s business;
possible changes or developments in social, economic, business, industry, market, legal and regulatory 
circumstances and conditions;
possible actions taken or omitted to be taken by third parties, including customers, suppliers, business 
partners, competitors and legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities and officials;
changes in relationships with vendors and other product and service providers;
currency, interest and exchange rates and other capital market, economic and geo-political conditions;
unstable political conditions, civil unrest, terrorist activities and armed conflicts;
the possible inability of the Company’s manufacturers or transporters to deliver products in a timely manner 
or meet the Company’s quality standards;
the Company’s reliance on foreign sources of production, including risks related to the disruption of imports 
by labor disputes, regional health pandemics, and regional political and economic conditions; and
duties, taxes, other charges and quotas on imports

In addition to any risks and uncertainties specifically identified in the text surrounding such forward-looking 
statements, the statements in the immediately preceding sentence and the statements under captions such as “Risk 
Factors” in reports, statements and information filed by the Company with the SEC from time to time constitute cautionary 
statements identifying important factors that could cause actual amounts, results, events and circumstances to differ 
materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Item 1. 
General

Business.

The Company is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1985. The Company and its 
predecessors have been operating department stores since 1830. The Company operates approximately 850 stores in 44 
states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico. As of February 3, 2018, the Company's operations were conducted 
through Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Bloomingdale’s The Outlet, Macy’s Backstage, bluemercury and Macy’s China Limited. 
In addition, Bloomingdale's in Dubai, United Arab Emirates and Al Zahra, Kuwait are operated under license agreements 
with Al Tayer Insignia, a company of Al Tayer Group, LLC.

The Company sells a wide range of merchandise, including apparel and accessories (men’s, women’s and children’s), 

cosmetics, home furnishings and other consumer goods. The specific assortments vary by size of store, merchandising 
assortments and character of customers in the trade areas. Most stores are located at urban or suburban sites, principally in 
densely populated areas across the United States.

For 2017, 2016 and 2015, the following merchandise constituted the following percentages of sales:

 

Women’s Accessories, Intimate Apparel, Shoes, Cosmetics and Fragrances....
Women’s Apparel ..............................................................................................
Men’s and Children’s.........................................................................................
Home/Miscellaneous .........................................................................................

2017

2016

2015

38%
23
23
16
100%

38%
23
23
16
100%

38%
23
23
16
100%

In 2017, the Company’s subsidiaries provided various support functions to the Company’s retail operations on an 

integrated, company-wide basis.

• 

• 

• 

• 

The Company’s bank subsidiary, FDS Bank, provides credit processing, certain collections, customer service 
and credit marketing services in respect of all credit card accounts that are owned either by Department 
Stores National Bank (“DSNB”), a subsidiary of Citibank, N.A., or FDS Bank and that constitute a part of 
the credit programs of the Company’s retail operations.
Macy’s Systems and Technology, Inc. (“MST”), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, 
provides operational electronic data processing and management information services to all of the 
Company’s operations other than bluemercury and Macy's China Limited.
Macy’s Merchandising Group, Inc. (“MMG”), a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company, and its 
subsidiary Macy's Merchandising Group International, LLC, are responsible for the design, development and 
marketing of Macy’s private label brands and certain licensed brands. Bloomingdale’s uses MMG for a 
small portion of its private label merchandise. The Company believes that its private label merchandise 
differentiates its merchandise assortments from those of its competitors and delivers exceptional value to its 
customers. MMG also offers its services, either directly or indirectly, to unrelated third parties.
Macy’s Logistics and Operations (“Macy’s Logistics”), a division of a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of 
the Company, provides warehousing and merchandise distribution services for the Company’s operations 
and digital customer fulfillment.

The Company’s executive offices are located at 7 West 7th Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, telephone number: 

(513) 579-7000 and 151 West 34th Street, New York, New York 10001, telephone number: (212) 494-1602.

Employees 

As of February 3, 2018, excluding seasonal employees, the Company had approximately 130,000 employees, 

primarily including regular full-time and part-time. Because of the seasonal nature of the retail business, the number of 
employees peaks in the holiday season. Approximately 7% of the Company’s employees were represented by unions as of 
February 3, 2018. 

Seasonality 

The retail business is seasonal in nature with a high proportion of sales and operating income generated in the months 

of November and December. Working capital requirements fluctuate during the year, increasing in mid-summer in 
anticipation of the fall merchandising season and increasing substantially prior to the holiday season when the Company 
carries significantly higher inventory levels.

Purchasing

The Company purchases merchandise from many suppliers, no one of which accounted for more than 5% of the 

Company’s purchases during 2017. The Company has no material long-term purchase commitments with any of its 
suppliers, and believes that it is not dependent on any one supplier. The Company considers its relations with its suppliers 
to be good.

Private Label Brands and Related Trademarks

The principal private label brands currently offered by the Company include Alfani, American Rag, Aqua, Bar III, 

Belgique, Charter Club, Club Room, Epic Threads, first impressions, Giani Bernini, Greg Norman for Tasso Elba, Holiday 
Lane, Home Design, Hotel Collection, Hudson Park, Ideology, I-N-C, jenni, JM Collection, John Ashford, Karen Scott, 
lune+aster, M-61, Maison Jules, Martha Stewart Collection, Material Girl, Morgan Taylor, Oake, Sky, Style & Co., Sutton 
Studio, Tasso Elba, Thalia Sodi, the cellar, and Tools of the Trade. 

The trademarks associated with the Company's aforementioned private label brands, other than American Rag, Greg 

Norman for Tasso Elba, Martha Stewart Collection, Material Girl and Thalia Sodi are owned by the Company. The 
American Rag, Greg Norman, Martha Stewart Collection, Material Girl and Thalia Sodi brands are owned by third parties, 
which license the trademarks associated with such brands to Macy’s pursuant to agreements which have renewal rights that 
extend through 2050, 2020, 2025, 2030 and 2030, respectively.

Competition

The retail industry is intensely competitive. The Company’s operations compete with many retail formats, including 
department stores, specialty stores, general merchandise stores, off-price and discount stores, manufacturers’ outlets, online 
retailers, catalogs and television shopping, among others. The Company seeks to attract customers by offering most wanted 
selections, obvious value, and distinctive marketing in stores that are located in premier locations, and by providing an 
exciting shopping environment and superior service through an omnichannel experience. Other retailers may compete for 
customers on some or all of these bases, or on other bases, and may be perceived by some potential customers as being 
better aligned with their particular preferences.

Available Information

The Company makes its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K 
and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act available free of 
charge through its internet website at http://www.macysinc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files 
such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. The public also may read and copy any of these filings at the SEC’s Public 
Reference Room, 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room 
may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-732-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains the 
Company’s filings; the address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company has made the following 
available free of charge through its website at http://www.macysinc.com:

• 

• 
• 
• 

Charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Finance 
Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
Corporate Governance Principles,
Lead Independent Director Policy,
Non-Employee Director Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,

4

• 
• 
• 
• 

Code of Conduct,
Standards for Director Independence,
Related Party Transaction Policy, and
Method to Facilitate Receipt, Retention and Treatment of Communications.

Any of these items are also available in print to any shareholder who requests them. Requests should be sent to the 

Corporate Secretary of Macy’s, Inc. at 7 West 7th Street, Cincinnati, OH 45202.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following table sets forth certain information as of March 23, 2018 regarding the executive officers of the 

Company: 
 

Name
Jeff Gennette......................
Elisa D. Garcia...................
Karen M. Hoguet...............
Danielle L. Kirgan .............
Harry A. Lawton III...........
Felicia Williams.................

Age

Position with the Company

56 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Director
60 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
61 Chief Financial Officer
42 Chief Human Resources Officer
43 President
52 Executive Vice President, Controller and Enterprise Risk Officer

Executive Officer Biographies

Jeff Gennette has been Chief Executive Officer of the Company since March 2017 and Chairman of the Board since 

January 2018; prior thereto he was President from March 2014 to August 2017, Chief Merchandising Officer from 
February 2009 to March 2014, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Macy’s West in San Francisco from February 
2008 to February 2009 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Seattle-based Macy’s Northwest from February 2006 
through February 2008.

Elisa D. Garcia has been Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company since September 2016; prior thereto she 
served as Chief Legal Officer of Office Depot, Inc. from 2013 to September 2016, and Executive Vice President, General 
Counsel and Secretary from 2007 to 2013.

Karen M. Hoguet has been Chief Financial Officer of the Company since October 1997.

Danielle L. Kirgan has been Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company since October 2017; prior thereto she 

served as Senior Vice President, People at American Airlines Group, Inc. from October 2016 to October 2017, Chief 
Human Resources Officer at Darden Restaurants, Inc. from 2010 to 2016, Vice President, Global Human Resources at ACI 
Worldwide, Inc. in 2009, and Vice President, Human Resources at Conagra Foods, Inc. from 2004 to 2008.

Harry (Hal) A. Lawton III has been President of the Company since September 2017; prior thereto he served as 

Senior Vice President, North America at eBay, Inc. from 2015 to September 2017 and held a number of leadership 
positions at Home Depot, Inc. from 2005 to 2015, including Senior Vice President of Merchandising and head of Home 
Depot’s online business.

Felicia Williams has been Executive Vice President, Controller and Enterprise Risk Officer of the Company since 
June 2016; prior thereto she served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Risk Management from February 2011 to June 
2016, Senior Vice President, Treasury and Risk Management from September 2009 to February 2011, Vice President, 
Finance and Risk Management from October 2008 to September 2009, and Vice President, Internal Audit from March 2004 
to October 2008.

Recent Developments

 
the Company’s request, Ms. Hoguet will remain with the Company until February 2019 to ensure a smooth transition.

On April 4, 2018, the Company issued a press release announcing that Karen M. Hoguet has decided to retire.  At 

5

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

In evaluating Macy's, the risks described below and the matters described in “Forward-Looking Statements” should 

be considered carefully. Such risks and matters are numerous and diverse, may be experienced continuously or 
intermittently, and may vary in intensity and effect. Any of such risks and matters, individually or in combination, could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well 
as on the attractiveness and value of an investment in Macy's securities.

Strategic, Operational and Competitive Risks

Macy’s strategic initiatives may not be successful, which could negatively affect our profitability and growth.

We are pursuing strategic initiatives to achieve our objective of accelerating profitable growth in our stores and our 

digital operations. This includes the adoption of new technologies, merchandising strategies and customer service 
initiatives all designed to improve the shopping experience.  Our ability to achieve profitable growth is subject to the 
successful implementation of our strategic plans.  If these investments or initiatives do not perform as expected or create 
implementation or operational difficulties, we may incur impairment charges and our profitability and growth could suffer.
Our sales and operating results depend on consumer preferences and consumer spending.

The fashion and retail industries are subject to sudden shifts in consumer trends and consumer spending. Our sales 

and operating results depend in part on our ability to predict or respond to changes in fashion trends and consumer 
preferences in a timely manner. We develop new retail concepts and continuously adjust our industry position in certain 
major and private-label brands and product categories in an effort to satisfy customers. Any sustained failure to anticipate, 
identify and respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and consumer preferences could negatively affect our business and 
results of operations. 

Our sales are significantly affected by discretionary spending by consumers. Consumer spending may be affected by 
many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions, consumer disposable income levels, consumer 
confidence levels, the availability, cost and level of consumer debt and consumer behaviors towards incurring and paying 
debt, the costs of basic necessities and other goods, the strength of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies and the 
effects of the weather or natural disasters. Any decline in discretionary spending by consumers could negatively affect our 
business and results of operations.

As we rely on the ability of our physical retail locations to remain relevant, providing desirable and sought-out 

shopping experiences is paramount to our financial success.  Changes in consumer shopping habits, financial difficulties at 
other anchor tenants, significant mall vacancy issues, mall violence and new mall developments could each adversely 
impact the traffic at current retail locations and lead to a decline in our financial condition or performance.
We may not be able to successfully execute our real estate strategy.

We continue to explore opportunities to monetize our real estate portfolio, including sales of stores as well as non-

store real estate such as warehouses, outparcels and parking garages. We also continue to evaluate our real estate portfolio 
to identify opportunities where the redevelopment value of our real estate exceeds the value of non-strategic operating 
locations.  This strategy is multi-pronged and may include transactions, strategic alliances or other arrangements with mall 
developers or unrelated third-parties.  Due to the cyclical nature of real estate markets, the performance of our real estate 
strategy is inherently volatile and could have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
Macy’s revenues and cash requirements are affected by the seasonal nature of our business.

Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues and operating cash flows generated during the second 
half of the year, which includes the fall and holiday selling seasons. A disproportionate amount of our revenues fall in the 
fourth quarter, which coincides with the holiday season. We incur significant additional expenses in the period leading up 
to the months of November and December in anticipation of higher sales volume in those periods, including for additional 
inventory, advertising and employees.
We depend on our ability to attract and retain quality employees.

Our business is dependent upon attracting and retaining quality employees. Macy's has a large number of employees, 

many of whom are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Macy's ability to meet our 
labor needs while controlling the costs associated with hiring and training new employees is subject to external factors such 
as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. In addition, as a 
large and complex enterprise operating in a highly competitive and challenging business environment, Macy's is highly 
dependent upon management personnel to develop and effectively execute successful business strategies and tactics.  Any 

6

circumstances that adversely impact our ability to attract, train, develop and retain quality employees throughout the 
organization could negatively affect our business and results of operations.

Macy's depends on the success of advertising and marketing programs.

Our business depends on effective marketing and high customer traffic. Macy's has many initiatives in this area, and 
we often change advertising and marketing programs. There can be no assurance as to our continued ability to effectively 
execute our advertising and marketing programs, and any failure to do so could negatively affect our business and results 
of operations.
If cash flows from our private label credit card decrease, our financial and operational results may be negatively 
impacted.

We sold most of our credit accounts and related receivables to Citibank.  Following the sale, we share in the 

economic performance of the credit card program with Citibank. Deterioration in economic or political conditions could 
adversely affect the volume of new credit accounts, the amount of credit card program balances and the ability of credit 
card holders to pay their balances. These conditions could result in Macy’s receiving lower payments under the credit card 
program.

Credit card operations are subject to many federal and state laws that may impose certain requirements and 
limitations on credit card providers. Citibank and our subsidiary bank, FDS Bank, may be required to comply with 
regulations that may negatively impact the operation of our private label credit card. In turn, this negative impact may 
affect our revenue streams derived from the sale of such credit card accounts and negatively impact our financial results.

Gross margins could suffer if we are unable to effectively manage our inventory.

Our profitability depends on our ability to manage inventory levels and respond to shifts in consumer demand 

patterns. Overestimating customer demand for merchandise will likely result in the need to record inventory markdowns 
and sell excess inventory at clearance prices which would negatively impact our gross margins and operating results.  
Underestimating customer demand for merchandise can lead to inventory shortages, missed sales opportunities and 
negative customer experiences.
Our defined benefit plan funding requirements or plan settlement expense could impact our financial results and cash 
flow.

Significant changes in interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and benefit payments could affect the 

funded status of our plans and could increase future funding requirements of the plans. A significant increase in future 
funding requirements could have a negative impact on our cash flows, financial condition or results of operations.

As of February 3, 2018, we had unrecognized actuarial losses of $992 million for the funded defined benefit pension 
plan (the “Pension Plan”) and $244 million for the unfunded defined benefit supplementary retirement plan (the “SERP”). 
These plans allow eligible retiring employees to receive lump sum distributions of benefits earned.  Under applicable 
accounting rules, if annual lump sum distributions exceed an actuarially determined threshold of the total of the annual 
service and interest costs, we would be required to recognize in the current period of operations a settlement expense of a 
portion of the unrecognized actuarial loss and could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
Increases in the cost of employee benefits could impact our financial results and cash flow.

Our expenses relating to employee health benefits are significant. Unfavorable changes in the cost of such benefits 
could negatively affect our financial results and cash flow. Healthcare costs have risen significantly in recent years, and 
recent legislative and private sector initiatives regarding healthcare reform have resulted and could continue to result in 
significant changes to the U.S. healthcare system. Due to uncertainty regarding legislative or regulatory changes, we are 
not able to fully determine the impact that future healthcare reform will have on our company-sponsored medical plans.
If our company’s reputation and brand are not maintained at a high level, our operations and financial results may 
suffer.

We believe our reputation and brand are partially based on the perception that we act equitably and honestly in 

dealing with our customers, employees, business partners and shareholders. Our reputation and brand may be deteriorated 
by any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public, particularly if the incident results 
in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. In addition, information concerning us, whether or not true, may 
be instantly and easily posted on social media platforms at any time, which information may be adverse to our reputation or 
brand. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.  If our reputation or 

7

brand is damaged, our customers may refuse to continue shopping with us, potential employees may be unwilling to work 
for us, business partners may be discouraged from seeking future business dealings with us and, as a result, our operations 
and financial results may suffer.
Macy's faces significant competition in the retail industry and we depend on our ability to differentiate Macy's in 
retail's ever-changing environment.

We conduct our retail merchandising business under highly competitive conditions. Although Macy's is one of the 
nation’s largest retailers, we have numerous and varied competitors at the national and local levels, including department 
stores, specialty stores, general merchandise stores, off-price and discount stores, manufacturers’ outlets, online retailers, 
catalogs and television shopping, among others. Competition may intensify as our competitors enter into business 
combinations or alliances. Competition is characterized by many factors, including assortment, advertising, price, quality, 
service, location, reputation and credit availability. Any failure by us to compete effectively could negatively affect our 
business and results of operations.  

As consumers continue to migrate online, we face pressures to not only compete from a price perspective with our 

competitors, some of whom sell the same products, but also to differentiate Macy's to stay relevant in retail's ever-changing 
industry.  We continue to significantly invest in our omnichannel capabilities in order to provide a seamless shopping 
experience to our customers between our brick and mortar locations and our online and mobile environments.  Insufficient, 
untimely or misguided investments in this area could significantly impact our profitability and growth and affect our ability 
to attract new customers, as well as maintain our existing ones. 

In addition, declining customer store traffic and migration of sales from brick and mortar stores to digital platforms 

could lead to store closures, restructuring and other costs that could adversely impact our results of operations and cash 
flows. 
Our sales and operating results could be adversely affected by product safety concerns.

If Macy's merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or consumers' expectations regarding safety, 
we could experience decreased sales, increased costs and/or be exposed to legal and reputational risk. Events that give rise 
to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose Macy's to government enforcement action and/or 
private litigation. Reputational damage caused by real or perceived product safety concerns could negatively affect our 
business and results of operations.
Technology and Data Security Risks

A material disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our business or results of operations.

We rely extensively on our computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. 

Our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications 
failures, computer viruses, cyber-attack or other security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, 
tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by our employees. If our computer systems are damaged or 
cease to function properly, including a material disruption in our ability to authorize and process transactions at our stores 
or on our online systems, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of 
critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations. Any material interruption in our computer systems could 
negatively affect our business and results of operations.
If our technology-based e-commerce systems do not function properly, our operating results could be materially 
adversely affected.

Customers are increasingly using computers, tablets and smart phones to shop online and to do price and comparison 

shopping.  We strive to anticipate and meet our customers’ changing expectations and are focused on building a seamless 
shopping experience across our omnichannel business.  Any failure to provide user-friendly, secure e-commerce platforms 
that offer a variety of merchandise at competitive prices with low cost and quick delivery options that meet customers’ 
expectations could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our 
reputation with customers and have a material adverse impact on the growth of our business and our operating results.
A breach of information technology systems could adversely affect our reputation, business partner and customer 
relationships, operations and result in high costs.

Through our sales, marketing activities, and use of third-party information, we collect and store certain non-public 
personal information that customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on 
websites, or otherwise communicate to us. This may include phone numbers, driver license numbers, contact preferences, 
personal information stored on electronic devices, and payment information, including credit and debit card data. We 

8

gather and retain information about employees in the normal course of business. We may share information about such 
persons with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. In addition, our online operations depend upon the 
transmission of confidential information over the Internet, such as information permitting cashless payments. 

We employ safeguards for the protection of this information and have made significant investments to secure access 
to our information technology network.  For instance, we have implemented authentication protocols, installed firewalls 
and anti-virus/anti-malware software, conducted continuous risk assessments, and established data security breach 
preparedness and response plans.  We also employ encryption and other methods to protect our data, promote security 
awareness with our associates and work with business partners in an effort to create secure and compliant systems.    

 However, these protections may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches, burglaries, cyberattack, 
errors by employees or employees of third-party vendors, or contractors, misappropriation of data by employees, vendors 
or unaffiliated third-parties, or other irregularities that may result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to company 
data. 

Retail data frequently targeted by cybercriminals is consumer credit card data, personally identifiable information, 
including social security numbers, and health care information.  For retailers, point of sale and e-commerce websites are 
often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing, vishing and credential 
stuffing. Other methods of attack include advanced malware, the exploitation of software and operating vulnerabilities, and 
physical device tampering/skimming at card reader units and we believe these attack methods will continue to evolve.  

Despite instituting controls for the protection of such information, no commercial or government entity can be 

entirely free of vulnerability to attack or compromise given that the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable 
or degrade service change frequently. During the normal course of business, we have experienced and expect to continue to 
experience attempts to compromise our information systems. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our 
systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of 
deception to employees, contractors, vendors and temporary staff.  We may be unable to protect the integrity of our systems 
or company data. An alleged or actual unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of non-public personal information 
could:

•  materially damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect customer satisfaction and loyalty, expose us to 

individual claims or consumer class actions, administrative, civil or criminal investigations or actions, and 
infringe on proprietary information; and

•  cause us to incur substantial costs, including costs associated with remediation of information technology systems, 

customer protection costs and incentive payments for the maintenance of business relationships, litigation costs, 
lost revenues resulting from negative changes in consumer shopping patterns, unauthorized use of proprietary 
information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack. While we maintain insurance coverage 
that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may 
be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving 
area of cyber risk.

Supply Chain and Third Party Risks

Macy's depends upon designers, vendors and other sources of merchandise, goods and services. Our business could be 
affected by disruptions in, or other legal, regulatory, political or economic issues associated with, our supply network.

Our relationships with established and emerging designers have been a significant contributor to Macy's past success. 
Our ability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner is often challenging, particularly 
with respect to goods sourced outside the United States. Our procurement of goods and services from outside the United 
States is subject to risks associated with political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, 
transport capacity and costs and other factors relating to foreign trade.  We source the majority of our merchandise from 
manufacturers located outside of the U.S., primarily Asia, and any major changes in tax policy or trade relations, such as 
the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the imposition of unilateral tariffs on imported goods, 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity.  In addition, the procurement of all 
our goods and services are subject to the effects of price increases which we may or may not be able to pass through to our 
customers. All of these factors may affect our ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms, are beyond our 
control and could negatively affect our business and results of operations
Disruption of global sourcing activities and Macy's own brands’ quality concerns could negatively impact brand 
reputation and earnings.

9

Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source products, as well as shipping and dockage issues, 

could adversely impact the availability or cost of our products, or both.  Most of Macy’s goods imported to the U.S. arrive 
from Asia through ports located on the U.S. west coast and are subject to potential disruption due to labor unrest, security 
issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports.  In addition, in recent years, we have substantially increased 
the number and types of merchandise that are sold under Macy’s proprietary brands.  While we have focused on the quality 
of our proprietary branded products, we rely on third-parties to manufacture these products.  Such third-party 
manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, the quality of our globally sourced products may vary from expectations and 
standards, the products may not meet applicable regulatory requirements which may require us to recall these products, or 
the products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of other third-parties.  As we seek indemnities from 
manufacturers of these products, the uncertainty of recovering on such indemnity and the lack of understanding of U.S. 
product liability laws in certain foreign jurisdictions make it more likely that we may have to respond to claims or 
complaints from customers.
Parties with whom Macy's does business may be subject to insolvency risks or may otherwise become unable or 
unwilling to perform on their obligations to us.

Macy's is a party to contracts, transactions and business relationships with various third parties, including, without 

limitation, vendors, suppliers, service providers, lenders and participants in joint ventures, strategic alliances and other joint 
commercial relationships, pursuant to which such third parties have performance, payment and other obligations to Macy's. 
In some cases, we depend upon such third parties to provide essential leaseholds, products, services or other benefits, 
including with respect to store and distribution center locations, merchandise, advertising, software development and 
support, logistics, other agreements for goods and services in order to operate our business in the ordinary course, 
extensions of credit, credit card accounts and related receivables, and other vital matters. Current economic, industry and 
market conditions could result in increased risks to Macy's associated with the potential financial distress or insolvency of 
such third parties. If any of these third parties were to become subject to bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings, 
the rights and benefits with respect to our contracts, transactions and business relationships with such third parties could be 
terminated, modified in a manner adverse to us, or otherwise impaired. We may be unable to arrange for alternate or 
replacement contracts, transactions or business relationships on terms as favorable as existing contracts, transactions or 
business relationships. Our inability to do so could negatively affect our cash flows, financial condition and results of 
operations.

Global, Legal and External Risks

Macy’s business is subject to unfavorable economic and political conditions and other related risks.

Unfavorable global, domestic or regional economic or political conditions and other developments and risks could 

negatively affect our business and results of operations. For example, unfavorable changes related to interest rates, rates of 
economic growth, fiscal and monetary policies of governments, inflation, deflation, consumer credit availability, consumer 
debt levels, consumer debt payment behaviors, tax rates and policy, unemployment trends, energy prices, and other matters 
that influence the availability and cost of merchandise, consumer confidence, spending and tourism could negatively affect 
our business and results of operations. In addition, unstable political conditions, civil unrest, terrorist activities and armed 
conflicts may disrupt commerce and could negatively affect our business and results of operations.

Our effective tax rate is impacted by a number of factors, including changes in federal or state tax law, interpretation 
of existing laws and the ability to defend and support the tax positions taken on historical tax returns.  Certain changes in 
any of these factors could materially impact the effective tax rate and net income.
Our business could be affected by extreme weather conditions, regional or global health pandemics or natural disasters.

Extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our stores are located could negatively affect our business and 

results of operations. For example, frequent or unusually heavy snowfall, ice storms, rainstorms or other extreme weather 
conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our customers to travel to our stores and thereby reduce our 
sales and profitability. Our business is also susceptible to unseasonable weather conditions. For example, extended periods 
of unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool weather during the summer season could reduce 
demand for a portion of our inventory and thereby reduce our sales and profitability. In addition, extreme weather 
conditions could result in disruption or delay of production and delivery of materials and products in our supply chain and 
cause staffing shortages in our stores.

Our business and results of operations could also be negatively affected if a regional or global health pandemic were 

to occur, depending upon its location, duration and severity. To halt or delay the spread of disease, local, regional or 
national governments might limit or ban public gatherings or customers might avoid public places, such as our stores. A 

10

regional or global health pandemic might also result in disruption or delay of production and delivery of materials and 
products in our supply chain and cause staffing shortages in our stores.

Natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, or a combination of these or other factors, could 
damage or destroy our facilities or make it difficult for customers to travel to our stores, thereby negatively affecting our 
business and results of operations.

Litigation, legislation or regulatory developments could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, inquiries and initiatives in connection with 
both our core business operations and our credit card and other ancillary operations (including the Credit Card Act of 2009 
and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010). Recent and future developments relating to 
such matters could increase our compliance costs and adversely affect the profitability of our credit card and other 
operations. We are also subject to anti-bribery, customs, child labor, truth-in-advertising and other laws, including 
consumer protection regulations and zoning and occupancy ordinances that regulate retailers generally and/or govern the 
importation, promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of retail stores and warehouse facilities. Although we 
undertake to monitor changes in these laws, if these laws change without our knowledge, or are violated by importers, 
designers, manufacturers, distributors or agents, we could experience delays in shipments and receipt of goods or be 
subject to fines or other penalties under the controlling regulations, any of which could negatively affect our business and 
results of operations. In addition, we are regularly involved in various litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of 
our business. Adverse outcomes in current or future litigation could negatively affect our financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows.
Financial Risks

Inability to access capital markets could adversely affect our business or financial condition.

Changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate 

fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to this potential source of future liquidity. A decrease 
in the ratings that rating agencies assign to Macy’s short and long-term debt may negatively impact our access to the debt 
capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. In addition, our bank credit agreements require us to maintain specified 
interest coverage and leverage ratios. Our ability to comply with the ratios may be affected by events beyond our control, 
including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If our results of operations or operating ratios deteriorate 
to a point where we are not in compliance with our debt covenants, and we are unable to obtain a waiver, much of our debt 
would be in default and could become due and payable immediately. Our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full this 
indebtedness, resulting in a need for an alternate source of funding. We cannot make any assurances that we would be able 
to obtain such an alternate source of funding on satisfactory terms, if at all, and our inability to do so could cause the 
holders of our securities to experience a partial or total loss of their investments in Macy's.
Factors beyond our control could affect Macy's stock price.

Macy’s stock price, like that of other retail companies, is subject to significant volatility because of many factors, 

including factors beyond our control. These factors may include:

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

general economic, stock, credit and real estate market conditions;
risks relating to Macy’s business and industry, including those discussed above;
strategic actions by us or our competitors;
variations in our quarterly results of operations;
future sales or purchases of Macy’s Common Stock; and
investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with Macy’s Common Stock relative to 
other investment alternatives.

We may fail to meet the expectations of our stockholders or of analysts at some time in the future. If the analysts that 

regularly follow Macy’s stock lower their rating or lower their projections for future growth and financial performance, 
Macy’s stock price could decline. Also, sales of a substantial number of shares of Macy’s Common Stock in the public 
market or the appearance that these shares are available for sale could adversely affect the market price of Macy’s Common 
Stock.

11

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

 
Item 2. 

Properties.

The properties of the Company consist primarily of stores and related facilities, including a logistics network. The 

Company also owns or leases other properties, including corporate office space in Cincinnati and New York and other 
facilities at which centralized operational support functions are conducted. As of February 3, 2018, the operations of the 
Company included 852 stores in 44 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam, comprising a total of 
approximately 128 million square feet. Of such stores, 370 were owned, 359 were leased, 118 stores were operated under 
arrangements where the Company owned the building and leased the land and five stores were comprised of partly owned 
and partly leased buildings. All owned properties are held free and clear of mortgages. Pursuant to various shopping center 
agreements, the Company is obligated to operate certain stores for periods of up to 20 years. Some of these agreements 
require that the stores be operated under a particular name. Most leases require the Company to pay real estate taxes, 
maintenance and other costs; some also require additional payments based on percentages of sales and some contain 
purchase options. Certain of the Company’s real estate leases have terms that extend for a significant number of years and 
provide for rental rates that increase or decrease over time.

12

The Company's operations were conducted through the following branded store locations:

Macy's....................................................................................................
Bloomingdale's ......................................................................................
bluemercury...........................................................................................

Store count activity was as follows:

2017

2016

2015

660
55
137
852

673
55
101
829

2017

2016

2015

Store count at beginning of fiscal year..................................................
Stores opened.........................................................................................
Acquisition of bluemercury stores.........................................................
Stores closed or consolidated into existing centers ...............................
Store count at end of fiscal year ............................................................

829
38
—
(15)
852

868
27
—
(66)
829

737
54
77
868

823
26
62
(43)
868

Additional information about the Company’s stores as of February 3, 2018 is as follows:

Geographic Region
North Central.................................................................
Northeast .......................................................................
Northwest ......................................................................
South .............................................................................
Southwest ......................................................................

 

Total

144
258
131
188
131
852

Owned
81
88
44
110
47
370

Leased
43
140
63
53
60
359

Subject to
a Ground

Lease

Partly 
Owned 
and Partly

Leased

19
30
21
25
23
118

1
—
3
—
1
5

The five geographic regions detailed in the foregoing table are based on the Company’s Macy’s-branded operational 
structure. The Company’s retail stores are located at urban or suburban sites, principally in densely populated areas across 
the United States. 

13

Additional information about the Company’s logistics network as of February 3, 2018 is as follows:

Location
Cheshire, CT....................................................................................
Chicago, IL......................................................................................
Denver, CO......................................................................................
Goodyear, AZ ..................................................................................
Hayward, CA...................................................................................
Houston, TX ....................................................................................
Joppa, MD .......................................................................................
Kapolei, HI ......................................................................................
Los Angeles, CA..............................................................................
Martinsburg, WV.............................................................................
Miami, FL........................................................................................
Portland, TN ....................................................................................
Raritan, NJ.......................................................................................
Sacramento, CA...............................................................................
Secaucus, NJ....................................................................................
South Windsor, CT ..........................................................................
Stone Mountain, GA........................................................................
Tampa, FL........................................................................................
Tulsa, OK.........................................................................................
Tukwila, WA....................................................................................
Union City, CA................................................................................
Youngstown, OH .............................................................................

Primary Function
Direct to customer
Stores
Stores
Direct to customer
Stores
Stores
Stores
Stores
Stores
Direct to customer
Stores
Direct to customer
Stores
Direct to customer
Stores
Stores
Stores
Stores
Direct to customer
Stores
Stores
Stores

Owned or
Leased

Square Footage

(thousands)

Owned
Owned
Leased
Owned
Owned
Owned
Owned
Leased
Owned
Owned
Leased
Owned
Owned
Leased
Leased
Owned
Owned
Owned
Owned
Leased
Leased
Owned

565
861
20
960
386
1,124
850
260
1,178
1,300
535
950
980
385
675
510
1,000
670
1,300
500
165
851

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in various proceedings that are incidental to the normal course of their 

businesses. As of the date of this report, the Company does not expect that any of such proceedings will have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s financial position or results of operations.
 

14

 
Item 5. 

PART II

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities.

The Company's Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol “M.” As of February 3, 2018, the 

Company had approximately 15,300 stockholders of record. The following table sets forth for each quarter during 2017 and 
2016 the high and low sales prices per share of Common Stock as reported on the NYSE and the dividends declared with 
respect to each quarter on each share of Common Stock.
 

 

1st Quarter................................................................
2nd Quarter ..............................................................
3rd Quarter...............................................................
4th Quarter ...............................................................

Low
27.72
20.85
19.32
17.41

2017
High
34.37
29.83
24.45
27.64

Dividend
0.3775
0.3775
0.3775
0.3775

Low
37.71
29.94
31.02
28.55

2016
High
45.50
40.15
40.98
45.41

Dividend
0.3600
0.3775
0.3775
0.3775

The declaration and payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors, are 

subject to restrictions under the Company’s credit facility and may be affected by various other factors, including the 
Company’s earnings, financial condition and legal or contractual restrictions.

The following table provides information regarding the Company’s purchases of Common Stock during the fourth 

quarter of 2017.
 

October 29, 2017 – November 25, 2017........................
November 26, 2017 – December 30, 2017 ....................
December 31, 2017 – February 3, 2018.........................

Total

Number
of Shares
Purchased
(thousands)

Average
Price per
Share ($)

 

Number of Shares
Purchased under

Program (1)
(thousands)

Open

Authorization
Remaining ($)(1)

(millions)

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—

1,716
1,716
1,716

 ___________________
(1)  Commencing in January 2000, the Company’s Board of Directors has from time to time approved authorizations to 

purchase, in the aggregate, up to $18 billion of Common Stock. All authorizations are cumulative and do not have an 
expiration date. As of February 3, 2018, $1,716 million of authorization remained unused. The Company may 
continue, discontinue or resume purchases of Common Stock under these or possible future authorizations in the open 
market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at any time and from time to time without prior notice.

15

The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company's Common Stock with the 

Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Index and the Company's peer group for the period from February 2, 2013 through 
February 3, 2018, assuming an initial investment of $100 and the reinvestment of all dividends, if any.

The companies included in the peer group are Bed, Bath & Beyond, Dillard's, Gap, J.C. Penney, Kohl's, L Brands, 

Nordstrom, Ross Stores, Sears Holdings, Target, TJX Companies and Wal-Mart.

16

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data.

The selected financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements 

and the notes thereto and the other information contained elsewhere in this report.
 

Consolidated Statement of Income Data:

Net sales...................................................................................... $
Cost of sales ................................................................................
Gross margin...............................................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses .............................
Gains on sale of real estate..........................................................
Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs...........
Settlement charges ......................................................................
Operating income........................................................................
Interest expense...........................................................................
Net premiums on early retirement of debt ..................................
Interest income............................................................................
Income before income taxes .......................................................
Federal, state and local income tax benefit (expense) (a)...........
Net income..................................................................................
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest...........................
Net income attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders................. $

Basic earnings per share attributable to

 Macy's, Inc. shareholders ............................................................... $

Diluted earnings per share attributable to

 Macy's, Inc. shareholders ............................................................... $

Average number of shares outstanding................................................
Cash dividends paid per share.............................................................. $
Depreciation and amortization............................................................. $
Capital expenditures............................................................................. $
Balance Sheet Data (at year end):

Cash and cash equivalents .......................................................... $
Property and Equipment - net .....................................................
Total assets..................................................................................
Short-term debt ...........................................................................
Long-term debt............................................................................
Total Shareholders’ equity ..........................................................

2017*

2016

2015

2014

2013

(millions, except per share)

$

$

$

$

$
$
$

$

24,837
(15,152)
9,685
(8,131)
544
(186)
(105)
1,807
(321)
10
11
1,507
29
1,536
11
1,547

5.07

5.04
305.4
1.5100
991
760

1,455
6,672
19,381
22
5,861
5,661

$

$

$

$

$
$
$

$

25,778
(15,621)
10,157
(8,474)
209
(479)
(98)
1,315
(367)
—
4
952
(341)
611
8
619

2.01

1.99
308.5
1.4925
1,058
912

1,297
7,017
19,851
309
6,562
4,322

$

$

$

$

$
$
$

$

27,079
(16,496)
10,583
(8,468)
212
(288)
—
2,039
(363)
—
2
1,678
(608)
1,070
2
1,072

3.26

3.22
328.4
1.3925
1,061
1,113

1,109
7,616
20,576
642
6,995
4,253

$

$

$

$

$
$
$

$

28,105
(16,863)
11,242
(8,447)
92
(87)
—
2,800
(395)
(17)
2
2,390
(864)
1,526
—
1,526

4.30

4.22
355.2
1.1875
1,036
1,068

2,246
7,800
21,330
76
7,233
5,378

27,931
(16,725)
11,206
(8,514)
74
(88)
—
2,678
(390)
—
2
2,290
(804)
1,486
—
1,486

3.93

3.86
378.3
.9500
1,020
863

2,273
7,930
21,499
463
6,688
6,249

 ___________________
 * 53 weeks
(a) The income tax benefit in 2017 is due to U.S. federal tax reform that led to the recognition of an income tax benefit of $571 million associated with 
the remeasurement of the Company's deferred tax balances.

17

Item 7. 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The discussion in this Item 7 should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the 
related notes included elsewhere in this report. The discussion in this Item 7 contains forward-looking statements that 
reflect the Company's plans, estimates and beliefs. The Company's actual results could materially differ from those 
discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are 
not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking 
Statements.” 
Overview

The Company is an omnichannel retail organization operating stores, websites and mobile applications under three 

brands (Macy's, Bloomingdale's and bluemercury) that sell a wide range of merchandise, including apparel and accessories 
(men's, women's and children's), cosmetics, home furnishings and other consumer goods. The Company operates 
approximately 850 stores in 44 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico. As of February 3, 2018, the 
Company's operations were conducted through Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Bloomingdale’s The Outlet, Macy’s Backstage, 
bluemercury and Macy’s China Limited which are aggregated into one reporting segment in accordance with the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 280, Segment Reporting.

The Company continues to implement its North Star strategy to transform its omnichannel business and focus on key 
growth areas, embrace customer centricity, and optimize value in its real estate portfolio.  Inspired by the North Star, there 
are five points to this strategy.

1. 

2. 

From Familiar to Favorite includes everything the Company does to further its brand awareness and identity to 
its core customers.  Actions include understanding and anticipating customers’ needs, strengthening the 
Company's fashion authority and executing initiatives around its loyalty and pricing strategies. It celebrates the 
Company's iconic events and includes strategies to appeal to more value-oriented customers.
It Must Be Macy’s encompasses delivering the products and experiences customers love and are exclusive to the 
Company. This includes styles and home fashion for every day and special occasions, from the Company's leading 
private brands, as well as exclusive national brands or assortments. 

3.  Every Experience Matters, in-store and online.  The Company's competitive advantage is the ability to combine 
the human touch in its physical stores with cutting-edge technology in its mobile applications and websites. Key 
to this point is the enhancement of a customer's experience as they explore our stores, mobile applications and 
websites, find their favorite styles, sizes and colors, and receive their purchases through the shopping channels 
they prefer. 
Funding our Future represents the decisions and actions the Company takes to identify and realize resources to 
fuel growth.  This involves a focus on cost reduction and reinvestment as well as creating value from the 
Company's real estate portfolio.

4. 

5.  What’s New, What’s Next explores and develops innovations to turn consumer and technology trends to the 

Company's advantage and to drive growth. This includes exploring previously unmet customer needs and making 
smart investment decisions based on customer insights and analytics. 

The Company has taken a number of key steps over the past couple of years to position itself to successfully 
implement the North Star strategy. In 2017, the Company continued its investment in technology, reengineered its 
merchandising and marketing structure, improved its curation of merchandise and expanded different Company initiatives 
to stores throughout its portfolio. The Company also launched a new Macy's Star Rewards loyalty program in October 
2017 that focused on strengthening relationships with the Company's best customers, migrating existing customers to 
higher spending levels and attracting new or infrequent customers. The initial launch of the rewards program focused on 
proprietary cardholders with additional enhancements and expansion beyond proprietary cardholders planned for the 
future.

In August 2017, the Company announced a restructuring which included the consolidation of three functions 

(merchandising, planning and private brands) into a single merchandising function. During the third quarter of 2017, the 
Company recognized $33 million of costs primarily associated with this restructuring effort as well as a restructuring 
within the marketing function. Additional financial and operational impacts of such restructuring actions are expected to 
include future annual savings of approximately $38 million, all of which may be used for reinvestment in the business in 
2018.

18

In January 2018, the Company announced actions to continue improvements in organizational efficiency and to 
allocate resources to support its growth strategy. Major components of these restructuring activities included staffing 
adjustments across the stores organization with reductions in some stores and increases in others, further streamlining of 
some non-store functions and the closure of 11 stores in early 2018.

In 2017, the Company continued to execute on its real estate strategy through both monetization and redevelopment 

of certain assets:

• 

• 

• 

Overall, the Company had asset sale gains of $544 million, totaling $411 million in cash proceeds, in 2017.  These 
gains and proceeds include the sale of its store and parking facility in downtown Minneapolis, the sale of an 
additional two floors of the downtown Seattle Macy's store (four floors were sold in a similar transaction in fiscal 
2015) and additional gains and proceeds from Macy's Brooklyn transaction executed in 2015.  In addition, the 
gains recognized in 2017 include those related to the 2016 sale of the Company's Union Square Men's store in San 
Francisco.
In 2016, the Company finalized the formation of a strategic alliance with Brookfield Asset Management 
("Brookfield"), a leading global alternative asset manager, to create increased value in its real estate portfolio.  
Under the alliance, Brookfield has an exclusive right for up to 24 months to create a "pre-development plan" for 
each of approximately 50 Macy’s real estate assets, with an option for Macy’s to continue to identify and add 
assets into the alliance. Currently, the Company expects approximately two-thirds of these real estate assets to 
have potential for redevelopment. In February 2018, the Company announced that it had agreed to allow 
Brookfield to redevelop nine of these assets once it has received the necessary approvals.  Upon the completion of 
approval and entitlements, Macy’s will either sell its interests in the individual assets to Brookfield or contribute 
them into individual joint ventures.  If sold, the cumulative value of the nine properties is estimated to be 
approximately $50 million plus a retained participation in the upside profits of the three largest assets.
In February 2018, the Company signed an agreement to sell the upper seven floors of its State Street store in 
Chicago to a private real estate fund sponsored by Brookfield.  The Company expects to receive a total of $30 
million upfront for the transaction, which includes a $3 million contribution towards redevelopment costs for 
migrating operations to the floors the Company will continue to own.  In addition, the Company will receive a 
percentage of profit earned over and above a threshold internal rate of return. 

In 2017, the Company opened new Macy’s stores in Murray, UT and Los Angeles, CA as well as a Bloomingdale’s 

store in Kuwait under a license agreement with Al Tayer Group, LLC. The Company expects to open two additional 
Bloomingdale's stores in San Jose, CA and Norwalk, CT in fiscal 2019.

Both Macy's off-price business, Macy's Backstage, and its clearance strategy, Last Act, have been successful in 

providing unique value opportunities to both existing and new Macy's customers. The Company has rolled out Last Act to 
all families of business and is currently focused on opening new Macy's Backstage stores within existing Macy's store 
locations. As of February 3, 2018, the Company has a total of 52 Macy's Backstage locations (7 freestanding and 45 inside 
Macy's stores). 

The Company is focused on accelerating the growth of its luxury beauty products and spa retailer, bluemercury, by 
opening additional freestanding bluemercury stores in urban and suburban markets, enhancing its online capabilities and 
adding bluemercury products and boutiques to Macy's stores. As of February 3, 2018, the Company is operating 157 
bluemercury locations (137 freestanding and 20 inside Macy's stores).

In August 2015, the Company established a joint venture, Macy's China Limited, of which the Company holds a 

sixty-five percent ownership interest and Hong Kong-based Fung Retailing Limited holds the remaining thirty-five percent 
ownership interest. Macy's China Limited began selling merchandise in China in the fourth quarter of 2015 through an e-
commerce presence on Alibaba Group's Tmall Global. The Company's reporting includes the financial operations of 
Macy's China Limited, with the thirty-five percent ownership reported as a noncontrolling interest.

19

2017 Overview

2017 saw the implementation of the Company's North Star strategy and included the roll-outs of different initiatives 

that had been tested by the Company on a smaller scale.  2017 ended with a strong fourth quarter and selected results of 
2017 include:

•  Net sales, which include a 53rd week of operations, decreased 3.7% compared to 2016.  

•  Comparable sales on an owned basis decreased 2.2% and comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis 

decreased 1.9%.  

•  Operating income for 2017 was $1,807 million or 7.3% of sales; while operating income, excluding 

restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs and settlement charges, was $2,098 million or 8.4% of 
sales. 

•  Federal, state, and local income tax benefit for 2017 was $29 million compared to expense of $341 million in 

2016, due to U.S. federal tax reform which led to a non-cash tax benefit of $571 million associated with the 
remeasurement of the Company's deferred tax balances.

•  Net income attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders for 2017 was $1,547 million, an increase of $928 million 

from $619 million in 2016. 

•  Diluted earnings per share attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders increased to $5.04 in 2017 compared to $1.99 

in 2016.  Diluted earnings per share attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders, excluding certain items, increased 
to $3.77 in 2017 from $3.11 in 2016.

•  Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, restructuring, impairment, 

store closing and other costs and settlement charges) as a percent to net sales was 12.4% in 2017, as compared to 
11.4% in 2016.

•  Return on invested capital ("ROIC"), a key measure of operating productivity, was 20.8% for 2017.

•  The Company repurchased or repaid approximately $950 million of debt in 2017, consisting of $247 million of 
debt repurchased in the open market, $300 million of a debt maturity and $400 million of debt repurchased in a 
tender offer ("tender offer").

See pages 29 to 32 for reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures presented above to the most comparable 

U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") financial measures and other important information.

20

Results of Operations

2017

2016

2015

Net sales .................................................................
Decrease in sales.................................................
Decrease in comparable sales .............................
Cost of sales ...........................................................
Gross margin ..........................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses.........
Gains on sale of real estate.....................................
Restructuring, impairment, store closing and

other costs ...........................................................
Settlement charges..................................................
Operating income ...................................................
Interest expense - net..............................................
Net premiums on early retirement of debt .............
Income before income taxes...................................
Federal, state and local income tax benefit

(expense).............................................................
Net income .............................................................
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ......
Net income attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders....................................

% to
Sales

(60.9) %
39.1 %
(31.3) %
0.8 %

(1.1) %
— %
7.5 %

Amount

$ 24,837

(3.7) %
(2.2) %

% to
Sales
(dollars in millions, except per share figures)

% to
Sales

Amount

Amount

$25,778

$ 27,079

(4.8) %
(3.5) %

(3.7) %
(3.0) %

(15,152)
9,685
(8,131)
544

(61.0) % (15,621)
39.0 % 10,157
(32.8) % (8,474)
209

2.2 %

(60.6) % (16,496)
39.4 % 10,583
(32.8) % (8,468)
212

0.8 %

(186)
(105)
1,807
(310)
10
1,507

29
1,536
11

(479)
(0.7) %
(0.4) %
(98)
7.3 % 1,315
(363)
—
952

(341)
611
8

(1.9) %
(0.4) %
5.1 %

(288)
—
2,039
(361)
—
1,678

(608)
1,070
2

$ 1,547

6.2 % $

619

2.4 % $ 1,072

4.0 %

Diluted earnings per share attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders....................................

$

5.04

$

1.99

$

3.22

Supplemental Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Decrease in comparable sales on 

an owned plus licensed basis ..............................
Operating income, excluding certain items............
Diluted earnings per share attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders, excluding 
certain items........................................................
Adjusted EBITDA as a percent to net sales ...........
ROIC ......................................................................

(1.9) %

(2.9) %

(2.5) %

$ 2,098

8.4 % $ 1,892

7.3 % $ 2,327

8.6 %

$

3.77
12.4 %
20.8 %

$

3.11
11.4 %
18.5 %

$

3.77
12.5 %
20.1 %

See pages 29 to 32 for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most comparable GAAP financial
measure and for other important information.

Store information (at year-end):

Stores operated....................................................
Square footage (in millions) ...............................

852
127.7

829
130.2

868
141.9

21

Comparison of 2017 and 2016 

Net Sales

Net sales for 2017 include a 53rd week of operations and were $24,837 million, a decrease of $941 million, or 3.7%, 
from 2016. The decrease in comparable sales on an owned basis, which exclude the 53rd week of sales, for 2017 was 2.2% 
compared to 2016. The decrease in comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis for 2017 was 1.9% compared to 
2016. (See page 30 for information regarding the Company's calculation of comparable sales, a reconciliation of the non-
GAAP measure which takes into account sales of departments licensed to third parties to the most comparable GAAP 
measure and other important information). Although net sales were down compared to 2016, the Company experienced a 
strong fourth quarter in 2017 with comparable sales on an owned basis up 1.3% and up 1.4% on an owned plus licensed 
basis. Geographically, sales in 2017 were strongest in Florida, Eastern Texas, Louisiana, Hawaii, Oregon, Southern 
California and Arizona. Digital sales continued to be strong in 2017 and experienced double digit growth.  By family of 
business, sales in 2017 were strongest in active apparel, fine jewelry, fragrances, dresses and men's tailored clothing.  Sales 
in 2017 were less strong in handbags although the trend improved in the second half of the year. Sales of the Company's 
private label brands represented approximately 20% of net sales in the Macy's-branded operations in 2017 and 2016.   

Cost of Sales and Gross Margin

Cost of sales for 2017 decreased $469 million from 2016. The cost of sales rate as a percent to net sales of 61.0% 
was 40 basis points higher in 2017, as compared to 60.6% in 2016, primarily due to higher delivery expenses associated 
with the Company's omnichannel activities and free shipping promotions. Gross margin improved in the second half of 
2017 as the Company benefited from its inventory management strategies.

SG&A Expenses 

SG&A expenses for 2017 decreased $343 million from 2016 and the SG&A rate as a percent to net sales of 32.8% 

approximated the rate in 2016.  The dollar decrease from 2016 was mainly due to store closings and the restructuring 
activities announced by the Company in 2016 and 2017, offset slightly by higher expenses associated with the continued 
investments in the Company's omnichannel operations, and investments in bluemercury and Macy's Backstage. The 
decrease was also driven by higher income from credit operations. Income from credit operations was $768 million in 2017 
as compared to $736 million in 2016. Advertising expense, net of cooperative advertising allowances, was $1,108 million 
for 2017 compared to $1,153 million for 2016. 

Gains on Sale of Real Estate

The Company recognized gains of $544 million in 2017 associated with sales of real estate, as compared to $209 
million in 2016. 2017 included gains of $234 million related to the Macy's Union Square location, $71 million related to 
the Macy's Brooklyn transaction, $47 million related to the downtown Minneapolis properties and $40 million related to 
the downtown Seattle Macy's location. 2016 included $33 million of gains related to the Macy's Brooklyn transaction.

Restructuring, Impairment, Store Closing and Other Costs 

Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs for 2017 includes costs and expenses primarily associated 

with the organizational changes and store closings announced in August 2017 and January 2018.  In 2017, these costs 
included $120 million of severance and other human resource-related costs primarily associated with organization changes 
and store closings, $53 million of asset impairment charges and $13 million of other related costs and expenses. 
Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs for 2016 includes costs and expenses primarily associated with the 
organizational changes and store closings announced in August 2016 and January 2017. During 2016, these costs and 
expenses included asset impairment charges of $265 million, $168 million of severance and other human resource-related 
costs and $46 million of other related costs and expenses. 

Settlement Charges

$105 million and $98 million of non-cash settlement charges were recognized in 2017 and 2016, respectively. These 
charges relate to the pro-rata recognition of net actuarial losses associated with the Company’s defined benefit retirement 
plans and are the result of an increase in lump sum distributions associated with store closings, a voluntary separation 
program, organizational restructuring, and periodic distribution activity.

Net Interest Expense and Net Premiums on the Early Retirement of Debt

Net interest expense, excluding net premiums on the early retirement of debt, for 2017 decreased $53 million from 
2016. This decrease was primarily driven by the early repayment of $647 million of debt and the maturity of $300 million 

22

of debt in 2017.  This early repayment resulted in the recognition of a $10 million benefit related to the write-off of the 
premium associated with the debt repayments, net of the premium costs and other expenses incurred with the early 
repayment.  This benefit is presented as a net premium on the early retirement of debt on the Consolidated Statements of 
Income.

 

Effective Tax Rate

The Company's effective tax rate was a benefit of 1.9% for 2017 and expense of 35.8% for 2016. 2017 differs from 
the federal income tax statutory rate of 33.7%, and on a comparative basis, principally due to 2017 U.S. federal tax reform 
that led to the recognition of a non-cash tax benefit of $571 million associated with the remeasurement of the Company's 
deferred tax balances. Further, 2017 included the recognition of approximately $15 million of net tax deficiencies 
associated with share-based payment awards due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09, Improvements 
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. Historically, the Company had recognized such amounts as an offset to 
accumulated excess tax benefits previously recognized in additional paid-in capital. 

Net Income Attributable to Macy's, Inc. Shareholders

Net income attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders for 2017 increased compared to 2016, driven by higher 
operating income due to higher asset sale gains, lower selling, general and administrative expenses, restructuring, 
impairment, store closing and other costs, partially offset by lower sales and gross margin.  Coupled with lower net interest 
expense and a net income tax benefit resulted in net income attributable to Macy's Inc. shareholders increasing by $928 
million in 2017 as compared to 2016.

Comparison of 2016 and 2015 
Net Sales

Net sales for 2016 decreased $1,301 million or 4.8% compared to 2015. The decrease in comparable sales on an 

owned basis for 2016 was 3.5% compared to 2015. The decrease in comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis for 
2016 was 2.9% compared to 2015. (See page 30 for information regarding the Company's calculation of comparable sales, 
a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measure which takes into account sales of departments licensed to third parties to the 
most comparable GAAP measure and other important information). The Company experienced an overall weakness in 
sales, but geographically sales in 2016 were strongest in the Southwest, particularly southern California.  Digital sales 
continued to be strong in 2016 and experienced double digit growth.  By family of business, sales in 2016 were strongest in 
apparel, fine jewelry, shoes, intimate apparel and fragrances.  Sales in 2016 were less strong in fashion jewelry, handbags, 
and fashion watches. Sales of the Company's private label brands represented approximately 20% of net sales in the 
Macy's-branded operations in 2016 and 2015.   

Cost of Sales and Gross Margin

Cost of sales for 2016 decreased $875 million from 2015. The cost of sales rate as a percent to net sales of 60.6% 
was 30 basis points lower in 2016, as compared to 60.9% in 2015, primarily due to fewer markdowns taken in 2016 as 
compared to 2015 and offset slightly by higher delivery expenses associated with the Company's omnichannel activities 
and free shipping promotions. 

SG&A Expenses

SG&A expenses for 2016 increased $6 million from 2015, however the SG&A rate as a percent to net sales of 32.8% 
was 150 basis points higher in 2016, as compared to 2015. SG&A expenses in 2016 were impacted by lower income from 
credit operations and higher expenses associated with the continued investments in the Company's omnichannel operations, 
investments in bluemercury, Macy's Backstage and Macy's China Limited. These increases were partially offset by lower 
retirement expenses (including Pension Plan, SERP and defined contribution plan expenses), lower advertising expense, 
net of cooperative advertising allowances and the impact of the restructuring announced at the end of 2015. Income from 
credit operations was $736 million in 2016 as compared to $831 million in 2015. Retirement expenses were $44 million in 
2016 as compared to $77 million in 2015. Advertising expense, net of cooperative advertising allowances, was $1,153 
million for 2016 compared to $1,173 million for 2015.  Advertising expense, net of cooperative advertising allowances, as 
a percent to net sales was 4.5% for 2016 and 4.3% for 2015.

23

Gains on Sale of Real Estate

Gains on sale of real estate decreased $3 million to $209 million in 2016 compared to $212 million in 2015. 2016 

and 2015 included $33 million and $84 million, respectively, of gains related to the Macy's Brooklyn transaction. 2015 also 
included a $57 million gain related to the sale of a portion of the downtown Macy's Seattle location.

Restructuring, Impairment, Store Closing and Other Costs 

Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs for 2016 includes costs and expenses primarily associated 

with the organizational changes and store closings announced in August 2016 and January 2017.  During 2016, these costs 
and expenses included asset impairment charges of $265 million, $168 million of severance and other human resource-
related costs and $46 million of other related costs and expenses. Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs 
for 2015 included costs and expenses primarily associated with organization changes and store closings announced in 
January 2016.  During 2015, these costs and expenses included asset impairment charges of $148 million, $123 million of 
severance and other human resource-related costs and $17 million of other related costs and expenses.  

Settlement Charges

$98 million of non-cash settlement charges were recognized in 2016. These charges relate to the pro-rata recognition 

of net actuarial losses associated with the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and are the result of an increase in 
lump sum distributions associated with store closings, a voluntary separation program, organizational restructuring, and 
periodic distribution activity.

Net Interest Expense

Net interest expense for 2016 decreased $2 million from 2015. Net interest expense for 2016 was impacted by lower 

capitalized interest associated with the Company's construction projects, offset slightly by lower rates on outstanding 
borrowings as compared to 2015. 

Effective Tax Rate

The Company's effective tax rate of 35.8% for 2016 and 36.2% for 2015 differ from the federal income tax statutory 

rate of 35%, and on a comparative basis, principally because of the effect of state and local income taxes, including the 
settlement of various tax issues and tax examinations. 
Net Income Attributable to Macy's, Inc. Shareholders

Net income attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders for 2016 decreased compared to 2015, reflecting lower sales and 

gross margin and higher selling, general and administrative expenses, restructuring, impairments, store closing costs and 
other costs, settlement charges and net interest expense, partially offset by lower income taxes in 2016 as compared to 
2015.

24

Guidance 

The Company's operations are impacted by competitive pressures from department stores, specialty stores, mass 

merchandisers, online retailers and all other retail channels. The Company's operations are also impacted by general 
consumer spending levels, including the impact of general economic conditions, consumer disposable income levels, 
consumer confidence levels, the availability, cost and level of consumer debt, the costs of basic necessities and other goods 
and the effects of weather or natural disasters and other factors over which the Company has little or no control. 

In recent years, consumer spending levels have been affected to varying degrees by a number of factors, including 

modest economic growth, uncertainty regarding governmental spending and tax policies, unemployment levels, tightened 
consumer credit, an improving housing market and a fluctuating stock market. In addition, consumer spending levels of 
international customers are impacted by the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies. These factors have 
affected, to varying degrees, the amount of funds that consumers are willing and able to spend for discretionary purchases, 
including purchases of some of the merchandise offered by the Company. 

All economic conditions ultimately affect the Company's overall operations. However, the effects of economic 

conditions can be experienced differently and at different times, in the various geographic regions in which the Company 
operates, in relation to the different types of merchandise that the Company offers for sale, or in relation to each of the 
Company's branded operations. 

Based on its assessment of current and anticipated market conditions and its recent performance and reflecting the 

adoption of new revenue recognition and pension accounting standards issued by the FASB, the Company's 2018 
assumptions include the following: 

•  Net sales estimated decline of approximately 0.5% to 2.0% from 2017 levels. Net sales in 2017 reflected a 53rd 

week of sales, whereas comparable sales below are on a 52-week basis.

•  Comparable sales on both an owned and owned plus licensed basis are estimated to be flat to up 1.0%. 
•  Gross margin on retail sales is estimated to be flat to up slightly compared to 2017. 
•  Credit income, reflecting changes from the new revenue recognition standard, estimated to be approximately 

$645 million to $665 million.

•  Selling, general and administrative expense dollars are expected to be approximately flat with 2017 or up slightly 

depending on sales.

•  Estimated asset sale gains of approximately $300 million to $325 million, including a successful sale of the 

Company's I. Magnin section of its Union Square store in San Francisco.

•  Estimated interest expense of approximately $255 million to $260 million.
•  Effective tax rate is expected to be 23.25%.
•  Diluted earnings per share attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders, excluding certain items, is expected to be 

$3.55 to $3.75. 

•  Depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately flat with 2017.
•  Capital expenditures are estimated at approximately $1,050 million.
The Company's forecasted capital expenditures are primarily related to investments in several merchandising 

initiatives, continued growth of Backstage and bluemercury locations, expansion of store pick up, and the store, digital and 
technological enhancements associated with the Company's Growth 50 initiative. This initiative includes the roll-out of 
various strategies incubated in 2017 to 50 Macy's stores of different sizes and geography.

In 2018, the Company expects excess cash to be used to invest in strategies and initiatives to help grow the business,  

continue to fund the Company's dividends and repay debt.

25

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company's principal sources of liquidity are cash from operations, cash on hand and the credit facility described 

below. 

Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,944 million in 2017 compared to $1,801 million in 2016.  The 

increase was driven by a 53rd week of operations and lower selling, general and administrative expenses offset by higher 
tax payments as compared to 2016.

Investing Activities

Net cash used by investing activities for 2017 was $373 million, compared to net cash used by investing activities of 

$187 million for 2016. Investing activities for 2017 included purchases of property and equipment totaling $487 million 
and capitalized software of $273 million, compared to purchases of property and equipment totaling $596 million and 
capitalized software of $316 million for 2016. 

Capital expenditures were lower by $152 million in 2017 as compared to 2016.  This decrease was mainly driven by 
intentional delays in capital projects that are estimated to begin in 2018 and are included in the Company's aforementioned 
2018 guidance. 

In 2017, the Company continued to execute on its real estate strategy that includes creating value through 

monetization and, in some cases, redevelopment of real estate assets.  Overall, property and equipment sales, primarily 
related to real estate, generated cash proceeds of $411 million in 2017 compared to $673 million in 2016.

During 2017, the Company opened two new Macy's stores and 36 new freestanding bluemercury stores. During 

2016, the Company opened one new Macy's store, one new Bloomingdale's The Outlet store, one new freestanding Macy's 
Backstage store and 24 new freestanding bluemercury stores. 

Financing Activities

Net cash used by the Company for financing activities was $1,413 million for 2017, including the repayment of $954 

million of debt and the payment of $461 million of cash dividends, partially offset by the issuance of $6 million of 
Common Stock, primarily related to the exercise of stock options, and proceeds of $13 million received from Macy's China 
Limited's noncontrolling interest shareholder. 

During December 2017, the Company completed a tender offer and purchased $400 million in aggregate principal 
amount of certain senior unsecured notes and debentures.  The purchased senior unsecured notes and debentures included 
$147 million of 6.9% senior debentures due 2032, $108 million of 6.7% senior debentures due 2034, $96 million of 
6.375% senior notes due 2037, $43 million of 8.75% senior debentures due 2029, and $6 million of 7.875% senior 
debentures due 2030. The total cash cost for the tender offer was $423 million. The Company recognized $11 million of 
income related to the recognition of the unamortized debt premium partially offset by the redemption premium and other 
costs associated with this debt as net premiums on early retirement of debt on the Consolidated Statements of Income 
during 2017.

In July 2017 the Company paid $300 million of debt at maturity.  During the first and second quarters of 2017, the 

Company repurchased $247 million face value of senior notes and debentures. The debt repurchases were made in the open 
market for a total cash cost of $257 million, including expenses related to the transactions. Such repurchases resulted in the 
recognition of expense of $1 million during 2017 presented as net premiums on early retirement of debt on the 
Consolidated Statements of Income.

Net cash used by the Company for financing activities was $1,426 million for 2016 and included the acquisition of 

the Company's Common Stock under its share repurchase program at a cost of $316 million, the repayment of $751 million 
of debt and the payment of $459 million of cash dividends, partially offset by an increase in outstanding checks of $61 
million and the issuance of $36 million of Common Stock, primarily related to the exercise of stock options. 

During August 2016, the Company redeemed at par the principal amount of $108 million of 7.875% senior 

debentures due 2036, pursuant to the terms of the debentures. Interest expense in 2016 benefited from the recognition of 

26

unamortized debt premium associated with this debt. During October 2016, the Company repaid $59 million of 7.45% 
senior debentures at maturity. During December 2016, the Company repaid $577 million of 5.9% senior notes at maturity.

The Company entered into a new credit agreement with certain financial institutions as of May 6, 2016 providing for 

revolving credit borrowings and letters of credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,500 million (which may be 
increased to $1,750 million at the option of the Company, subject to the willingness of existing or new lenders to provide 
commitments for such additional financing) outstanding at any particular time. This agreement is set to expire May 6, 2021 
and replaced the prior agreement which was set to expire May 10, 2018.  

As of February 3, 2018, and January 28, 2017, there were no revolving credit loans outstanding under this credit 

agreement, and there were no borrowings under the agreement during 2017 and 2016. In addition, there were no standby 
letters of credit outstanding at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017. Revolving loans under the credit agreement bear 
interest based on various published rates.

The Company is party to a $1,500 million unsecured commercial paper program. The Company may issue and sell 

commercial paper in an aggregate amount outstanding at any particular time not to exceed its then-current combined 
borrowing availability under the bank credit agreement with certain financial institutions. Over the past two fiscal years, 
the amount of borrowings under the commercial paper program increased to its highest level for 2016 of approximately 
$388 million during the fourth quarter of 2016. There were no borrowings under the program during 2017. As of February 
3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, there were no remaining borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program.

The credit agreement requires the Company to maintain a specified interest coverage ratio for the latest four quarters 

of no less than 3.25 and a specified leverage ratio as of and for the latest four quarters of no more than 3.75. The 
Company's interest coverage ratio for 2017 was 8.94 and its leverage ratio at February 3, 2018 was 2.04, in each case as 
calculated in accordance with the credit agreement. The interest coverage ratio is defined as EBITDA divided by net 
interest expense and the leverage ratio is defined as debt divided by EBITDA. For purposes of these calculations EBITDA 
is calculated as net income plus interest expense, taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-cash impairment of goodwill, 
intangibles and real estate, non-recurring cash charges not to exceed in the aggregate $300 million and extraordinary losses 
less interest income and non-recurring or extraordinary gains. Debt is adjusted to exclude the premium on acquired debt 
and net interest is adjusted to exclude the amortization of premium on acquired debt and premium on early retirement of 
debt.

A breach of a restrictive covenant in the Company's credit agreement or the inability of the Company to maintain the 

financial ratios described above could result in an event of default under the credit agreement. In addition, an event of 
default would occur under the credit agreement if any indebtedness of the Company in excess of an aggregate principal 
amount of $150 million becomes due prior to its stated maturity or the holders of such indebtedness become able to cause it 
to become due prior to its stated maturity. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders could, subject to the 
terms and conditions of the credit agreement, elect to declare the outstanding principal, together with accrued interest, to be 
immediately due and payable.  Moreover, most of the Company's senior notes and debentures contain cross-default 
provisions based on the non-payment at maturity, or other default after an applicable grace period, of any other debt, the 
unpaid principal amount of which is not less than $100 million that could be triggered by an event of default under the 
credit agreement. In such an event, the Company's senior notes and debentures that contain cross-default provisions would 
also be subject to acceleration. 

At February 3, 2018, no notes or debentures contain provisions requiring acceleration of payment upon a debt rating 

downgrade. However, the terms of approximately $4,019 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company's senior 
notes outstanding at that date require the Company to offer to purchase such notes at a price equal to 101% of their 
principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest in specified circumstances involving both a change of control (as defined 
in the applicable indenture) of the Company and the rating of the notes by specified rating agencies at a level below 
investment grade. 

During 2016, the Company repurchased approximately 7.9 million shares of its Common Stock for a total of 

approximately $316 million. As of February 3, 2018, the Company had $1,716 million of authorization remaining under its 
share repurchase program. The Company may continue or, from time to time, suspend repurchases of shares under its share 
repurchase program, depending on prevailing market conditions, alternate uses of capital and other factors. 

On February 23, 2018, the Company's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of 37.75 cents per share on its 

Common Stock, payable April 2, 2018, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 15, 2018. 

27

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

At February 3, 2018, the Company had contractual obligations (within the scope of Item 303(a)(5) of Regulation S-

K) as follows: 

 
Short-term debt................................................................... $
Long-term debt...................................................................
Interest on debt...................................................................
Capital lease obligations.....................................................
Operating leases .................................................................
Letters of credit ..................................................................
Other obligations................................................................

Obligations Due, by Period

Total

Less than

1 Year

1 – 3
Years

(millions)

3 – 5
Years

More than

5 Years

21
5,806
3,114
49
3,546
28
4,525
$ 17,089

$

$

21
—
286
3
327
28
2,476
3,141

$

$

— $
581
566
6
586
—
1,026
2,765

$

— $
553
500
6
494
—
230
1,783

$

—
4,672
1,762
34
2,139
—
793
9,400

“Other obligations” in the foregoing table includes post employment and postretirement benefits, self-insurance 

reserves, group medical/dental/life insurance programs, merchandise purchase obligations and obligations under 
outsourcing arrangements, construction contracts, energy and other supply agreements identified by the Company and 
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits that the Company expects to settle in cash in the next year. The Company's 
merchandise purchase obligations fluctuate on a seasonal basis, typically being higher in the summer and early fall and 
being lower in the late winter and early spring. The Company purchases a substantial portion of its merchandise inventories 
and other goods and services otherwise than through binding contracts. Consequently, the amounts shown as “Other 
obligations” in the foregoing table do not reflect the total amounts that the Company would need to spend on goods and 
services in order to operate its businesses in the ordinary course. 

The Company has not included in the contractual obligations table $125 million of long-term liabilities for 

unrecognized tax benefits for various tax positions taken.  The table also excludes federal, state and local interest and 
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits of $27 million included in other liabilities and $24 million included in current 
income taxes. These liabilities may increase or decrease over time as a result of tax examinations, and given the status of 
examinations, the Company cannot reliably estimate the period of any cash settlement with the respective taxing 
authorities. The Company has included in the contractual obligations table $11 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax 
benefits that the Company expects to settle in cash in the next year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources Outlook

Management believes that, with respect to the Company's current operations, cash on hand and funds from 

operations, together with its credit facility and other capital resources, will be sufficient to cover the Company's reasonably 
foreseeable working capital, capital expenditure and debt service requirements and other cash requirements in both the near 
term and over the longer term. The Company's ability to generate funds from operations may be affected by numerous 
factors, including general economic conditions and levels of consumer confidence and demand; however, the Company 
expects to be able to manage its working capital levels and capital expenditure amounts so as to maintain sufficient levels 
of liquidity. To the extent that the Company's cash balances from time to time exceed amounts that are needed to fund its 
immediate liquidity requirements, the Company will consider alternative uses of some or all of such excess cash. Such 
alternative uses may include, among others, the redemption or repurchase of debt, equity or other securities through open 
market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, and the funding of pension related obligations. Depending 
upon its actual and anticipated sources and uses of liquidity, conditions in the capital markets and other factors, the 
Company will from time to time consider the issuance of debt or other securities, or other possible capital markets 
transactions, for the purpose of raising capital which could be used to refinance current indebtedness or for other corporate 
purposes including the redemption or repurchase of debt, equity or other securities through open market purchases, 
privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, and the funding of pension related obligations. 

28

The Company intends from time to time to consider additional acquisitions of, and investments in, retail businesses 
and other complementary assets and companies. Acquisition transactions, if any, are expected to be financed from one or 
more of the following sources: cash on hand, cash from operations, borrowings under existing or new credit facilities and 
the issuance of long-term debt or other securities, including Common Stock. 

Important Information Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The Company reports its financial results in accordance with GAAP. However, management believes that certain 

non-GAAP financial measures provide users of the Company's financial information with additional useful information in 
evaluating operating performance. Management believes that providing supplemental changes in comparable sales on an 
owned plus licensed basis, which includes the impact of growth in comparable sales of departments licensed to third 
parties, assists in evaluating the Company's ability to generate sales growth, whether through owned businesses or 
departments licensed to third parties, on a comparable basis, and in evaluating the impact of changes in the manner in 
which certain departments are operated. In addition, management believes that excluding certain items that are not 
associated with the Company's core operations and that may vary substantially in frequency and magnitude period-to-
period from diluted earnings per share attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders, operating income, EBIT (earnings before 
interest and taxes) and EBITDA as percentages to sales provides useful supplemental measures that assist in evaluating the 
Company's ability to generate earnings and leverage sales, respectively, and to more readily compare these metrics between 
past and future periods. Management also believes that EBIT, EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBITDA are 
frequently used by investors and securities analysts in their evaluations of companies, and that such supplemental measures 
facilitate comparisons between companies that have different capital and financing structures and/or tax rates. In addition, 
management believes that ROIC is a useful supplemental measure in evaluating how efficiently the Company employs its 
capital. The Company uses some of these non-GAAP financial measures as performance measures for components of 
executive compensation. 

The reconciliation of the forward-looking non-GAAP financial measure of changes in comparable sales on an owned 

plus licensed basis to GAAP comparable sales (i.e., on an owned basis) is in the same manner as illustrated below, where 
the impact of growth in comparable sales of departments licensed to third parties is the only reconciling item. In addition, 
the Company does not provide the most directly comparable forward-looking GAAP measure of diluted earnings per share 
attributable to Macy’s, Inc. shareholders excluding certain items because the timing and amount of excluded items are 
unreasonably difficult to fully and accurately estimate.

Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplementing, and not as an alternative or substitute for, the 

Company's financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Certain of the items that may be excluded or included in 
non-GAAP financial measures may be significant items that could impact the Company's financial position, results of 
operations or cash flows and should therefore be considered in assessing the Company's actual and future financial 
condition and performance. Additionally, the amounts received by the Company on account of sales of departments 
licensed to third parties are limited to commissions received on such sales. The methods used by the Company to calculate 
its non-GAAP financial measures may differ significantly from methods used by other companies to compute similar 
measures. As a result, any non-GAAP financial measures presented herein may not be comparable to similar measures 
provided by other companies.

29

Change in Comparable Sales 

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure of changes in comparable sales on an 

owned plus licensed basis, to GAAP comparable sales (i.e., on an owned basis), which the Company believes to be the 
most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.

14 weeks ended

February 3,

2018

Increase (decrease) in comparable sales on an owned 
basis (note 1) ............................................................
Impact of growth in comparable sales of departments
licensed to third parties (note 2)...............................
Increase (decrease) in comparable sales on an owned
plus licensed basis ....................................................

1.3%

0.1%

1.4%

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

(2.2)% (3.5)% (3.0)% 0.7%

1.9%

0.3%

0.6%

0.5%

0.7%

0.9%

(1.9)% (2.9)% (2.5)% 1.4%

2.8%

Notes:
(1)  Represents the period-to-period percentage change in net sales from stores in operation throughout the year presented 
and the immediately preceding year and all online sales, adjusting for the 53rd week in 2017, excluding commissions 
from departments licensed to third parties. Stores impacted by a natural disaster or undergoing significant expansion or 
shrinkage remain in the comparable sales calculation unless the store is closed for a significant period of time. 
Definitions and calculations of comparable sales differ among companies in the retail industry.

(2)  Represents the impact of including the sales of departments licensed to third parties occurring in stores in operation 

throughout the year presented and the immediately preceding year and all online sales, adjusting for the 53rd week in 
2017, in the calculation of comparable sales. The Company licenses third parties to operate certain departments in its 
stores and online and receives commissions from these third parties based on a percentage of their net sales. In its 
financial statements prepared in conformity with GAAP, the Company includes these commissions (rather than sales 
of the departments licensed to third parties) in its net sales. The Company does not, however, include any amounts in 
respect of licensed department sales (or any commissions earned on such sales) in its comparable sales in accordance 
with GAAP (i.e., on an owned basis). The amounts of commissions earned on sales of departments licensed to third 
parties are not material to its net sales for the periods presented.

Operating Income, Excluding Certain Items, as a Percent to Net Sales

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure operating income, excluding certain 

items, as a percent to net sales to GAAP operating income as a percent to net sales, which the Company believes to be the 
most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

(millions, except percentages)

Net sales.............................................................................

$ 24,837

$ 25,778

$ 27,079

$ 28,105

$ 27,931

Operating income ..............................................................

$ 1,807

$ 1,315

$ 2,039

$ 2,800

$ 2,678

Operating income as a percent to net sales........................

7.3%

5.1%

7.5%

10.0%

9.6%

Operating income ..............................................................
Add back restructuring, impairment, store closing and

other costs ......................................................................
Add back settlement charges .............................................
Operating income, excluding certain items.......................
Operating income, excluding certain items, as a

percent to net sales.........................................................

$ 1,807

$ 1,315

$ 2,039

$ 2,800

$ 2,678

186
105
$ 2,098

479
98
$ 1,892

288
—
$ 2,327

87
—
$ 2,887

88
—
$ 2,766

8.4%

7.3%

8.6%

10.3%

9.9%

30

Diluted Earnings Per Share Attributable to Macy's, Inc. Shareholders, Excluding Certain Items

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure diluted earnings per share attributable 

to Macy's, Inc. shareholders, excluding certain items, to GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to Macy's, Inc. 
shareholders, which the Company believes to be the most directly comparable GAAP measure.

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

Diluted earnings per share attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders...............................................

$

5.04

$

1.99

$

3.22

$

4.22

$

Add back the pre-tax impact of restructuring,

impairment, store closing and other costs......................
Add back the pre-tax impact of settlement charges...........
Add back (deduct) the pre-tax impact of net premiums

on the early retirement of debt.......................................
Deduct the income tax impact of certain items identified
above..............................................................................
Deduct the deferred tax effects of federal tax reform........
Diluted earnings per share attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders, excluding certain items .......

0.61
0.34

(0.03)

(0.33)
(1.86)

1.54
0.31

—

(0.73)
—

0.86
—

—

(0.31)
—

0.24
—

0.05

(0.11)
—

3.86

0.23
—

—

(0.09)
—

$

3.77

$

3.11

$

3.77

$

4.40

$

4.00

Adjusted EBIT and EBITDA as a Percent to Net Sales

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure earnings before interest and taxes 

("EBIT") and earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), as adjusted to exclude certain 
items ("Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBITDA"), as a percent to net sales to GAAP net income as a percent to net sales, 
which the Company believes to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.

Net sales...........................................................................

$ 24,837

$ 25,778

$ 27,079

$ 28,105

$ 27,931

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

(millions, except percentages)

Net income.......................................................................

$ 1,536

Net income as a percent to net sales................................

6.2%

Net income.......................................................................
Add back restructuring, impairment, store

closing and other costs.................................................
Add back settlement charges ...........................................
Add back interest expense - net.......................................
Add back (deduct) net premiums on the early

retirement of debt.........................................................

$ 1,536

186
105
310

(10)

$

$

611

$ 1,070

$ 1,526

$ 1,486

2.4%

4.0%

5.4%

5.3%

611

479
98
363

—

$ 1,070

$ 1,526

$ 1,486

288
—
361

—

87
—
393

17

88
—
388

—

Add back (deduct) federal, state and local income

tax expense (benefit)....................................................
Adjusted EBIT.................................................................
Adjusted EBIT as a percent to net sales ..........................

(29)
$ 2,098

341
$ 1,892

608
$ 2,327

864
$ 2,887

804
$ 2,766

8.4%

7.3%

8.6%

10.3%

9.9%

Add back depreciation and amortization.........................
Adjusted EBITDA...........................................................
Adjusted EBITDA as a percent to net sales.....................

991
$ 3,089

1,058
$ 2,950

1,061
$ 3,388

1,036
$ 3,923

1,020
$ 3,786

12.4%

11.4%

12.5%

14.0%

13.6%

31

ROIC

The Company defines ROIC as adjusted operating income as a percent to average invested capital. Average invested 
capital is comprised of an annual two-point (i.e., end of the year presented and the immediately preceding year) average of 
gross property and equipment, a capitalized value of non-capitalized leases equal to periodic annual reported net rent 
expense multiplied by a factor of eight and a four-point (i.e., end of each quarter within the period presented) average of 
other selected assets and liabilities.  The calculation of the capitalized value of non-capitalized leases is consistent with 
industry and credit rating agency practice and the specified assets are subject to a four-point average to compensate for 
seasonal fluctuations. 

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure of ROIC to operating income as a 

percent to property and equipment - net, which the Company believes to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial 
measure.

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

(millions, except percentages)

Operating income ..............................................................
Property and equipment - net ............................................

$ 1,807
$ 6,845

$ 1,315
$ 7,317

$ 2,039
$ 7,708

$ 2,800
$ 7,865

$ 2,678
$ 8,063

Operating income as a percent to property and

equipment - net ..............................................................

26.4%

18.0%

26.5%

35.6%

33.2%

Operating income ..............................................................
Add back restructuring, impairment, store closing and

other costs ......................................................................
Add back settlement charges .............................................
Add back depreciation and amortization...........................
Add back rent expense, net

Real estate ......................................................................
Personal property ...........................................................
Deferred rent amortization.............................................
Adjusted operating income................................................

Property and equipment - net ............................................
Add back accumulated depreciation and amortization......
Add capitalized value of non-capitalized leases................
Add (deduct) other selected assets and liabilities:

Receivables ....................................................................
Merchandise inventories ................................................
Prepaid expenses and other current assets .....................
Other assets ....................................................................
Merchandise accounts payable ......................................
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities.......................
Total average invested capital............................................

$ 1,807

$ 1,315

$ 2,039

$ 2,800

$ 2,678

186
105
991

479
98
1,058

288
—
1,061

87
—
1,036

88
—
1,020

325
10
14
$ 3,438

$ 6,845
4,733
2,792

327
5,712
422
830
(2,115)
(3,027)
$ 16,519

319
11
9
$ 3,289

$ 7,317
5,088
2,712

402
6,012
456
881
(2,173)
(2,924)
$ 17,771

301
12
8
$ 3,709

$ 7,708
5,457
2,568

338
6,226
453
775
(2,366)
(2,677)
$ 18,482

279
12
7
$ 4,221

$ 7,865
5,830
2,384

336
6,155
443
784
(2,472)
(2,511)
$ 18,814

268
11
8
$ 4,073

$ 8,063
6,007
2,296

339
6,065
398
659
(2,520)
(2,328)
$ 18,979

ROIC..................................................................................

20.8%

18.5%

20.1%

22.4%

21.5%

32

Critical Accounting Policies
Merchandise Inventories 

Merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) retail inventory 

method. Under the retail inventory method, inventory is segregated into departments of merchandise having similar 
characteristics, and is stated at its current retail selling value. The retail inventory method inherently requires management 
judgments and estimates, such as the amount and timing of permanent markdowns to clear unproductive or slow-moving 
inventory, which may impact the ending inventory valuation as well as gross margins. 

Permanent markdowns designated for clearance activity are recorded when the utility of the inventory has 

diminished. Factors considered in the determination of permanent markdowns include current and anticipated demand, 
customer preferences, age of the merchandise and fashion trends. When a decision is made to permanently mark down 
merchandise, the resulting gross profit reduction is recognized in the period the markdown is recorded. 

Long-Lived Asset Impairment and Restructuring Charges 

The carrying values of long-lived assets are periodically reviewed by the Company whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, such as historical operating losses or plans to close 
stores before the end of their previously estimated useful lives. Additionally, on an annual basis, the recoverability of the 
carrying values of individual stores is evaluated.  A potential impairment has occurred if projected future undiscounted cash 
flows are less than the carrying value of the assets. The estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash 
inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations. When a potential impairment has 
occurred, an impairment write-down is recorded if the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The 
Company believes its estimated cash flows are sufficient to support the carrying value of its long-lived assets. If estimated 
cash flows significantly differ in the future, the Company may be required to record asset impairment write-downs. 

If the Company commits to a plan to dispose of a long-lived asset before the end of its previously estimated useful 
life, estimated cash flows are revised accordingly, and the Company may be required to record an asset impairment write-
down. Additionally, related liabilities arise such as severance, contractual obligations and other accruals associated with 
store closings from decisions to dispose of assets. The Company estimates these liabilities based on the facts and 
circumstances in existence for each restructuring decision. The amounts the Company will ultimately realize or disburse 
could differ from the amounts assumed in arriving at the asset impairment and restructuring charge recorded. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are estimated based on the tax statutes, regulations and case law of the various jurisdictions in which 

the Company operates. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences 
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their 
respective tax bases, and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are 
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are 
expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred income tax assets are evaluated for recoverability based on all available 
evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. 
Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion of the 
deferred income tax assets will not be realized. 

Uncertain tax positions are recognized if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that 
the tax position will be sustained on examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based 
on the technical merits of the position. Uncertain tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are 
then measured to determine the amount of benefit eligible for recognition in the financial statements. Each uncertain tax 
position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. 
Uncertain tax positions are evaluated and adjusted as appropriate, while taking into account the progress of audits of 
various taxing jurisdictions. Resolution of these matters could have a material impact on the Company's consolidated 
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Significant judgment is required in evaluating the Company's uncertain tax positions, provision for income taxes, and 

any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. Although the Company believes that its judgments are 
reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is 
reflected in the Company's historical income provisions and accruals. 

33

Pension and Supplementary Retirement Plans 

The Company has a funded defined benefit pension plan (the “Pension Plan”) and an unfunded defined benefit 

supplementary retirement plan (the “SERP”). The Company accounts for these plans in accordance with ASC Topic 715, 
Compensation - Retirement Benefits. Under ASC Topic 715, an employer recognizes the funded status of a defined benefit 
postretirement plan as an asset or liability on the balance sheet and recognizes changes in that funded status in the year in 
which the changes occur through comprehensive income. Additionally, pension expense is generally recognized on an 
accrual basis over the average remaining lifetime of participants. The pension expense calculation is generally independent 
of funding decisions or requirements. 

The Pension Protection Act of 2006 provides the funding requirements for the Pension Plan which are different from 

the employer's accounting for the plan as outlined in ASC Topic 715. No funding contributions were required, and the 
Company made no funding contributions to the Pension Plan in 2017 and 2016. As of the date of this report, the Company 
does not anticipate making funding contributions to the Pension Plan in 2018. Management believes that, with respect to 
the Company's current operations, cash on hand and funds from operations, together with available borrowing under its 
credit facility and other capital resources, will be sufficient to cover the Company's Pension Plan cash requirements in both 
the near term and also over the longer term. 

The calculation of pension expense and pension liabilities requires the use of a number of assumptions. Changes in 

these assumptions can result in different expense and liability amounts, and future actual experience may differ 
significantly from current expectations. The Company believes that the most critical assumptions relate to the long-term 
rate of return on plan assets (in the case of the Pension Plan) and the discount rate used to determine the present value of 
projected benefit obligations. 

The Company's assumed annual long-term rate of return for the Pension Plan's assets was 7.00% for 2017, 2016 and 

2015 based on expected future returns on the portfolio of assets. For 2018, the Company is lowering the assumed annual 
long-term rate of return to 6.75% based on expected future returns of the portfolio of assets. The Company develops its 
expected long-term rate of return assumption by evaluating input from several professional advisors taking into account the 
asset allocation of the portfolio and long-term asset class return expectations, as well as long-term inflation assumptions. 
Pension expense increases or decreases as the expected rate of return on the assets of the Pension Plan decreases or 
increases, respectively. Lowering or raising the expected long-term rate of return assumption on the Pension Plan's assets 
by 0.25% would increase or decrease the estimated 2018 pension expense by approximately $8 million. 

The Company discounted its future pension obligations using a weighted-average rate of 3.74% at February 3, 2018 
and 4.00% at January 28, 2017 for the Pension Plan and 3.78% at February 3, 2018 and 4.07% at January 28, 2017 for the 
SERP. The discount rate used to determine the present value of the Company's Pension Plan and SERP obligations is based 
on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with various maturities. Each year's 
expected future benefit payments are discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve rate, thereby 
generating the overall discount rate for Pension Plan and SERP obligations. As the discount rate is reduced or increased, 
the pension liability would increase or decrease, respectively, and future pension expense would decrease or increase, 
respectively. Lowering the discount rates by 0.25% would increase the projected benefit obligations at February 3, 2018 by 
approximately $92 million and would decrease estimated 2018 pension expense by approximately $3 million. Increasing 
the discount rates by 0.25% would decrease the projected benefit obligations at February 3, 2018 by approximately $85 
million and would increase estimated 2018 pension expense by approximately $3 million. 

In 2016, the Company changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic 
benefit costs for the Pension Plan and SERP.  The new method uses a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these 
components of net periodic benefit costs. Under this approach, the Company applies discounting using individual spot rates 
from the yield curve composed of the rates of return from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities available at 
the measurement date. These spot rates align to each of the projected benefit obligation and service cost cash flows. 
Historically, the Company estimated the service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate 
derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligations.

The Company made this change to improve the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the 

corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. The 
Company accounted for this change as a change in estimate prospectively starting in 2016. 

34

New Pronouncements

Revenue Recognition

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers, which establishes principles to report useful information to financial statements users about the nature, timing 
and uncertainty of revenue from contracts with customers. ASU No. 2014-09 along with various related amendments 
comprise ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and provide guidance that is applicable to all contracts 
with customers regardless of industry-specific or transaction-specific fact patterns. The new standard and its related 
updates were effective for the Company on February 4, 2018. On the effective date, the Company will apply the new 
guidance retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented.

Overall, the new standard will not have a material impact to the results of the Company's operations or consolidated 
statements of financial position, but will change the presentation and timing of certain revenue transactions.  The Company 
currently estimates the impacts to its consolidated financial statements to include gross presentation of its estimates for 
future sales returns and related recoverable assets, presenting income from credit operations, gift card breakage income and 
Thanks For Sharing loyalty program income as separate components of revenue and recognizing gift card breakage 
revenue over the period of redemption for gift cards associated with certain returns. In addition, on a quarterly basis, the 
timing of recognizing revenue for the Company's Thanks For Sharing loyalty program will change as compared to 
historical recognition. The Company's evaluation of the new standards included a review of certain vendor arrangements to 
determine whether the Company acts as principal or agent in such arrangements.  The Company does not expect material 
changes in gross versus net presentation as a result of the adoption of the new standard.

The following tables reflect the preliminary and unaudited expected impacts to reported 2017 and 2016 results, 

respectively, for the impact of the adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements.

$

$

Consolidated Statement of Income:
Net sales ....................................................................
Credit card revenues, net...........................................
Cost of sales ..............................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses ...........
Federal, state and local income tax benefit ...............
Net income attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders ......................................

Diluted earnings per share attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders ......................................

Consolidated Statement of Income:
Net sales ....................................................................
Credit card revenues, net...........................................
Cost of sales ..............................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses ...........
Federal, state and local income tax expense .............
Net income attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders ......................................

Diluted earnings per share attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders ......................................

As Reported

2017 (Unaudited)

New Revenue Standard

Adjustments

As Adjusted

(dollars in millions, except per share figures)

$

24,837
—
(15,152)
(8,131)
29

1,547

5.04

$

104
702
(30)
(766)
(2)

8

0.02

24,941
702
(15,182)
(8,897)
27

1,555

5.06

As Reported

2016 (Unaudited)

New Revenue Standard

Adjustments

As Adjusted

(dollars in millions, except per share figures)

$

25,778
—
(15,621)
(8,474)
(341)

619

1.99

35

$

132
656
(46)
(728)
(5)

9

0.03

25,910
656
(15,667)
(9,202)
(346)

628

2.02

Consolidated Balance Sheet:
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
Deferred income taxes
Total Shareholders' equity

Consolidated Balance Sheet:
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
Deferred income taxes
Total Shareholders' equity

As Reported

2017 (Unaudited)

New Revenue Standard

Adjustments

(dollars in millions)

As Adjusted

$

$

$

448
3,167
1,122
5,661

201
102
25
74

As Reported

2016 (Unaudited)

New Revenue Standard

Adjustments

(dollars in millions)

$

408
3,563
1,443
4,322

232
143
35
54

$

$

649
3,269
1,147
5,735

As Adjusted

640
3,706
1,478
4,376

Adoption of ASC Topic 606 is not expected to impact cash from or used in operating, financing, or investing on our 

consolidated statements of cash flows.

Leases

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (ASC Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize 

substantially all leases on-balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements.  The new standard 
establishes a right of use ("ROU") model that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance 
sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months.  Leases will be classified as finance or operating, with classification 
affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the income statement.

The new standard is effective for the Company on February 3, 2019. Currently, the new standard is to be adopted 

utilizing a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the 
earliest comparative period presented in the consolidated financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. 
However, the FASB has proposed another transition method, in addition to the existing requirements, to transition to the 
new lease standard by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period 
of adoption. The Company is awaiting finalization of the alternatives for transitioning to the new standard before deciding 
upon a method of adoption. 

The Company expects that the new lease standard will have a material impact on the Company's consolidated 

financial statements.  While the Company is continuing to assess the effects of adoption, the Company currently believes 
the most significant changes relate to the recognition of new ROU assets and lease liabilities on the consolidated balance 
sheets for real property and personal property operating leases as well as changes to the timing of recognition of certain 
real estate asset sale gains in the consolidated statements of income due to application of the new sale-leaseback guidance 
and ASU No. 2017-05, Other Income - Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of NonFinancial Assets (Subtopic 
610-20).  The Company expects that substantially all of its operating lease commitments disclosed in Note 4, "Properties 
and Leases", to the consolidated financial statements will be subject to the new guidance and will be recognized as 
operating lease liabilities and ROU assets upon adoption.  A significant change in leasing activity between the date of this 
report and adoption is not expected.

Retirement Plans

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07, Compensation-Retirement Benefits (ASC Topic 715), which 

requires employers to disaggregate the service cost component from other components of net periodic benefit costs and to 
disclose the amounts of net periodic benefit costs that are included in each income statement line item.  The standard 
requires employers to report the service cost component in the same line item as other compensation costs and to report the 
other components of net periodic benefit costs (which include interest costs, expected return on plan assets, amortization of 
prior service cost or credits and actuarial gains and losses) separately and outside a subtotal of operating income. The 

36

income statement guidance requires application on a retrospective basis.  For 2017 and 2016, $57 million and $55 million, 
respectively, of net retirement plan income, excluding service cost, and settlement charges of $105 million and $98 million, 
respectively, will be reclassified to separate financial statement captions below operating income. This standard was 
effective for the Company on February 4, 2018.

Goodwill

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (ASC Topic 

350), which eliminates the second step in the two-step goodwill impairment test. Previously the second step required the 
computation of the implied fair value of goodwill by determining the fair value of its assets and liabilities (including 
unrecognized assets and liabilities). Under the new standard, an entity still has the option to perform the qualitative 
assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary for its annual, or interim, 
goodwill impairment test. If the quantitative impairment test is deemed necessary, the Company should perform its annual, 
or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value and recognize an 
impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. This standard is effective for the 
Company on a prospective basis beginning on February 2, 2020. The Company elected to early adopt this new standard in 
the fourth quarter of 2017. The adoption of this new standard did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated 
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Statement of Cash Flows

In 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (ASC Topic 230): Restricted Cash, and ASU 

No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (ASC Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. 
These standards were issued to resolve numerous diversities in practice with regards to the presentation and classification 
of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The standards were effective for the Company on 
February 4, 2018, and will be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The standards will 
change the Company's classification of cash payments for debt prepayment and extinguishment costs from an operating 
outflow to a financing outflow. Additionally, the standards will result in the Company including its restricted cash balances 
with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on its 
statements of cash flows to explain the change in restricted cash during the respective periods. The Company does not 
anticipate the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows.

The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of any other recent accounting pronouncements will have a 

material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Comprehensive Income

In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-02, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 
220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, which allows for stranded 
tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income resulting from H.R. 1, originally known as the “Tax Cuts and Jobs 
Act,” to be reclassified to retained earnings. The new standard is effective for the Company on February 3, 2019. Early 
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard and does not expect 
the new standard to have a material impact on the Company’s financial position or results of operations.

37

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates that may adversely affect its financial position, 
results of operations and cash flows. In seeking to minimize the risks from interest rate fluctuations, the Company manages 
exposures through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of 
derivative financial instruments. The Company does not use financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes 
and is not a party to any leveraged financial instruments.

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk through its borrowing activities, which are described in Note 6 to the 

consolidated financial statements. All of the Company’s borrowings are under fixed rate instruments. However, the 
Company, from time to time, may use interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements to help manage its exposure to 
interest rate movements and reduce borrowing costs. At February 3, 2018, the Company was not a party to any derivative 
financial instruments and based on the Company’s lack of market risk sensitive instruments outstanding at February 3, 
2018, the Company has determined that there was no material market risk exposure to the Company’s consolidated 
financial position, results of operations or cash flows as of such date.
 
Item 8. 

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Information called for by this item is set forth in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements and 

supplementary data contained in this report and is incorporated herein by this reference. Specific financial statements and 
supplementary data can be found at the pages listed in the following index:

 

INDEX

 
Report of Management ........................................................................................................................................
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm................................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended

February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016.............................................................................

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended
   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016 .............................................................................
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017.......................................................
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended
   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016 .............................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended
   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016 .............................................................................
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements........................................................................................................

Page

F-2
F-3

F-5

F-6
F-7

F-8

F-9
F-10

38

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

 
Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.
a. Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have carried out, as of February 3, 2018, with 
the participation of the Company’s management, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls 
and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of February 3, 2018 the Company’s disclosure controls and 
procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in 
reports the Company files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time 
periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports 
the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, 
including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding 
required disclosure.

b. Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 

reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company’s management conducted an assessment of the 
Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, 
the Company’s management has concluded that, as of February 3, 2018, the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting is effective.

The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the 

Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of February 3, 2018 and has issued an attestation report expressing 
an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their 
report located on page F-3.

c. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
From time to time major organizational restructuring and realignment occurs for which the Company reviews its 

internal control over financial reporting.  As a result of this review, there were no changes in the Company’s internal 
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company’s most recently completed quarter that materially 
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 
Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

PART III

The information required by this item for executive officers is set forth under “Item 1. Business - Executive Officers 

of the Registrant” in this report.  The other information called for by this item is set forth under “Item 1. Election of 
Directors” and “Further Information Concerning the Board of Directors - Committees of the Board” and “Section 16(a) 
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with 
the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Proxy Statement”), and incorporated herein by reference.

The Company’s Code of Conduct is in compliance with the applicable rules of the SEC that apply to the principal 

executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or comptroller, or persons performing similar 
functions.  A copy of the Code of Conduct is available, free of charge, through the Company’s website at http://
www.macysinc.com. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to 
or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Conduct by posting such information to the Company’s website at the address 
and location specified above.

39

Set forth below are the names, ages and principal occupations of the Company's non-employee directors as of March  

23, 2018. 

Name
Francis S. Blake ........................

Age
68

John A. Bryant...........................

Deirdre P. Connelly...................

Leslie D. Hale ...........................

William H. Lenehan..................

Sara Levinson............................

52

57

45

41

67

Director
Since
2015

2015

2008

2015

2016

1997

Joyce M. Roché.........................

71

2006

Paul C. Varga.............................

54

2012

Marna C. Whittington ...............

70

1993

Principal Occupation
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Home
Depot, Inc.
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kellogg
Company.
Former President, North American Pharmaceuticals of
GlaxoSmithKline, a global pharmaceutical company.
Chief Operating Officer since 2016, Chief Financial Officer
since 2007 and Executive Vice President since 2013 of RLJ
Lodging Trust, a publicly-traded lodging real estate investment
trust.
President and Chief Executive Officer of Four Corners Property
Trust, Inc., a real estate investment trust, since August 2015.
Co-Founder and Director of Katapult, a digital entertainment
company making products for today's creative generation, since
April 2013.
Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Girls
Incorporated, a national non-profit research, education and
advocacy organization.
Chairman of Brown-Forman Corporation, a spirits and wine
company, since August 2007 and Chief Executive Officer since
2005.
Former Chief Executive Officer of Allianz Global Investors
Capital, a diversified global investment firm.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

Information called for by this item is set forth under “Compensation Discussion & Analysis,” “Compensation of the 

Named Executives for 2017,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider 
Participation” and "Further Information Concerning the Board of Directors-Risk Oversight" in the Proxy Statement and 
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters.

Information called for by this item is set forth under “Stock Ownership – Certain Beneficial Owners,” “Stock 
Ownership - Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans,” and “Stock Ownership – Stock 
Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers” in the Proxy Statement and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Information called for by this item is set forth under “Further Information Concerning the Board of Directors – 

Director Independence” and “Policy on Related Person Transactions” in the Proxy Statement and incorporated herein by 
reference.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Information called for by this item is set forth under “Item 2. Ratification of the Appointment of Independent 

Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the Proxy Statement and incorporated herein by reference.

40

 
Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

PART IV

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report:

1. Financial Statements:
The list of financial statements required by this item is set forth in Item 8 “Consolidated Financial Statements and 

Supplementary Data” and is incorporated herein by reference.

2. Financial Statement Schedules:
All schedules are omitted because they are inapplicable, not required, or the information is included elsewhere in 

the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto.

3. Exhibits:

Exhibit
Number
3.1

3.1.1

3.1.2

3.2

4.1

4.2
4.3

4.3.1

4.4

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Description

Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock

Article Seventh of the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation

Amended and Restated By-Laws

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Amended and Restated By-Laws
Indenture, dated as of January 15, 1991, among the
Company (as successor to The May Department Stores
Company (“May Delaware”)), Macy's Retail Holdings,
Inc. (“Macy's Retail”) (f/k/a The May Department
Stores Company (NY) or “May New York”) and The
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.
(“BNY Mellon”, successor to J.P. Morgan Trust
Company and as successor to The First National Bank
of Chicago), as Trustee (the “1991 Indenture”)

Guarantee of Securities, dated as of August 30, 2005,
by the Company relating to the 1991 Indenture

Indenture, dated as of December 15, 1994, between the
Company and U.S. Bank National Association
(successor to State Street Bank and Trust Company
and The First National Bank of Boston), as Trustee
(the “1994 Indenture”)

Document if Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2010

Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended January 28, 1995
Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2011 

Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2016
See Exhibits 3.1, 
3.1.1 and 
3.1.2

See Exhibit 3.2
Exhibit 4(2) to May New York’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 15, 1991

Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2005 (the 
“August 30, 2005 Form 8-K”)
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 33-88328)
filed on January 9, 1995

41

Exhibit
Number
4.4.1

4.4.2

4.4.3

4.5

4.5.1

4.5.2

4.5.3

4.5.4

4.6

4.6.1

4.7

4.7.1

4.8

Description

Ninth Supplemental Indenture to the 1994 Indenture,
dated as of July 14, 1997, between the Company and
U.S. Bank National Association (successor to State
Street Bank and Trust Company and The First National
Bank of Boston), as Trustee
Tenth Supplemental Indenture to the 1994 Indenture,
dated as of August 30, 2005, among the Company,
Macy's Retail and U.S. Bank National Association (as
successor to State Street Bank and Trust Company and
as successor to The First National Bank of Boston), as
Trustee
Guarantee of Securities, dated as of August 30, 2005,
by the Company relating to the 1994 Indenture
Indenture, dated as of September 10, 1997, between
the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
(successor to Citibank, N.A.), as Trustee (the “1997
Indenture”)
First Supplemental Indenture to the 1997 Indenture,
dated as of February 6, 1998, between the Company
and U.S. Bank National Association (successor to
Citibank, N.A.), as Trustee
Third Supplemental Indenture to the 1997 Indenture,
dated as of March 24, 1999, between the Company and
U.S. Bank National Association (successor to
Citibank, N.A.), as Trustee
Seventh Supplemental Indenture to the 1997
Indenture, dated as of August 30, 2005 among the
Company, Macy's Retail and U.S. Bank National
Association (successor to Citibank, N.A.), as Trustee
Guarantee of Securities, dated as of August 30, 2005,
by the Company relating to the 1997 Indenture
Indenture, dated as of June 17, 1996, among the
Company (as successor to May Delaware), Macy's
Retail (f/k/a May New York) and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (“BNY Mellon”,
successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company), as Trustee
(the “1996 Indenture”)
First Supplemental Indenture to the 1996 Indenture,
dated as of August 30, 2005, by and among the
Company (as successor to May Delaware), Macy's
Retail (f/k/a May New York) and BNY Mellon, as
Trustee
Indenture, dated as of July 20, 2004, among the
Company (as successor to May Delaware), Macy's
Retail (f/k/a May New York) and BNY Mellon, as
Trustee (the “2004 Indenture”)
First Supplemental Indenture to the 2004 Indenture,
dated as of August 30, 2005 among the Company (as
successor to May Delaware), Macy's Retail and BNY
Mellon, as Trustee
Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2006, by and
among Macy's Retail, the Company and U.S. Bank
National Association, as Trustee (the “2006
Indenture”)

42

Document if Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit 3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 
8-K filed on July 15, 1997

Exhibit 10.14 to the August 30, 2005 Form 8-K

Exhibit 10.16 to the August 30, 2005 Form 8-K

Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Amendment No. 1 to 
Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-34321) filed on 
September 11, 1997

Exhibit 2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 
8-K filed on February 6, 1998

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Registration 
Statement on Form S-4 (Registration 
No. 333-76795) filed on April 22, 1999

Exhibit 10.15 to the August 30, 2005 Form 8-K

Exhibit 10.17 to the August 30, 2005 Form 8-K

Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on 
Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-06171) filed on 
June 18, 1996 by May Delaware

Exhibit 10.9 to the August 30, 2005 Form 8-K

Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File 
No. 001-00079) filed on July 21, 2004 by May 
Delaware

Exhibit 10.10 to the August 30, 2005 Form 8-K

Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Registration 
Statement on Form S-3ASR (Registration 
No. 333-138376) filed on November 2, 2006

Exhibit
Number
4.8.1

4.8.2

4.9

4.9.1

4.9.2

4.9.3

4.9.4

4.9.5

4.9.6

4.9.7

10.1

10.2

10.3

Description

Third Supplemental Indenture to the 2006 Indenture,
dated March 12, 2007, among Macy's Retail, the
Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as
Trustee
Sixth Supplemental Indenture to the 2006 Indenture,
dated December 10, 2015, among Macy's Retail, the
Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as
Trustee
Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2012, among Macy's
Retail, the Company and BNY Mellon, as Trustee (the
"2012 Indenture")
First Supplemental Trust Indenture to the 2012
Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2012, among Macy's
Retail, as issuer, the Company, as guarantor, and BNY
Mellon, as trustee

Second Supplemental Trust Indenture to the 2012
Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2012, among Macy's
Retail, as issuer, the Company, as guarantor, and BNY
Mellon, as trustee
Third Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of
November 20, 2012, among Macy's Retail, as issuer,
the Company, as guarantor, and BNY Mellon, as
trustee
Fourth Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of
November 20, 2012, among Macy's Retail, as issuer,
the Company, as guarantor, and BNY Mellon, as
trustee
Fifth Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of
September 6, 2013, among Macy's Retail, as issuer, the
Company, as guarantor, and BNY Mellon, as trustee
Sixth Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of May
23, 2014, among Macy's Retail, as issuer, the
Company, as guarantor, and BNY Mellon, as trustee
Seventh Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of
November 18, 2014, among Macy's Retail, as issuer,
the Company, as guarantor, and BNY Mellon, as
trustee
Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2016, among the
Company, Macy's Retail, the lenders party thereto and
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent
and paying agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent
Guarantee Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2016,
among the Company, Macy's Retail, certain subsidiary
guarantors and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as paying
agent
Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2014,
among Macy's, Inc. and members of the Affiliated
Group

Document if Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2007

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2015

Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2012 (the “January 
13, 2012 Form 8-K”)
Exhibit 4.2 to the January 13, 2012 Form 8-K

Exhibit 4.3 to the January 13, 2012 Form 8-K

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2012 (the 
“November 20, 2012 Form 8-K”)

Exhibit 4.3 to the November 20, 2012 Form 8-K

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2013

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2014

Exhibit 10.01 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2016 (the “May 11, 
2016 Form 8-K”)

Exhibit 10.02 to the May 11, 2016 Form 8-K

Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended January 31, 2015 (the “2014 Form 10-K”)

43

Exhibit
Number
10.4+

10.5

10.6

10.7

10.8

10.9

10.9.1

10.10

10.10.1

10.10.2

10.10.3

10.10.4

10.10.5

10.11

10.11.1

10.12

Description

Amended and Restated Credit Card Program
Agreement, dated November 10, 2014, among the
Company, FDS Bank, Macy's Credit and Customer
Services, Inc. (“MCCS”), Macy's West Stores, Inc.,
Bloomingdales, Inc., Department Stores National
Bank ("DSNB") and Citibank, N.A.
1995 Executive Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and
restated as of June 1, 2007 (the “1995 Plan”) *

Senior Executive Incentive Compensation Plan *

1994 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as
of June 1, 2007 *
Form of Indemnification Agreement *

Executive Severance Plan, effective November 1,
2009, as revised and restated January 1, 2014 *

Senior Executive Severance Plan effective as of April 
1, 2018 *
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for
the 1995 Plan (for Executives and Key Employees) *
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for
the 1995 Plan (for Executives and Key Employees), as
amended *
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for
the 1994 Stock Incentive Plan *

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under
the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (for
Executives and Key Employees) *
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under
the Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus Incentive
Compensation Plan (for Executives and Key
Employees) *
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under 
the Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus Incentive 
Compensation Plan (for Executives and Key 
Employees), as amended *
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for the 1994
Stock Incentive Plan *
Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Agreement 
under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Compensation 
Plan *
2016-2018 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit
Terms and Conditions *

10.12.1

2017-2019 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit
Terms and Conditions *

44

Document if Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q filed on December 8, 2014

Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended January 31, 2009 (the “2008 Form 10-K”)
Appendix B to the Company's Proxy Statement 
dated March 31, 2017
Exhibit 10.13 to the 2008 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on
Form 10 (File No. 1-10951), filed on November 27,
1991
Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended February 1, 2014 (the “2013 Form 10-K”)

Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2005
Exhibit 10.33.1 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended January 28, 2006 
Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K 
(File No. 001-00079) filed on March 23, 2005 by 
May Delaware (the “March 23, 2005 Form 8-K”)
Exhibit 10.15.3 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended February 2, 2013 (the "2012 Form 10-K")
Exhibit 10.14.4 to the 2014 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.4 to the March 23, 2005 Form 8-K

Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on 
Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2010

Exhibit 10.13.2 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended January 30, 2016 (the "2015 Form 10-K")
Exhibit 10.13.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q filed August 25, 2017

Exhibit
Number

10.12.2

10.13

10.13.1

10.13.2

10.13.3

10.14
10.14.1

10.14.2

10.14.3

10.15

10.15.1

10.16

10.16.1

10.16.2

10.16.3

10.16.4

10.16.5

10.17

Description

Document if Incorporated by Reference

2018-2020 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Terms and Conditions *

Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan
*
Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
under the Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus
Incentive Compensation Plan *
Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
under the Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan (with dividend 
equivalents) *
Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
under the Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended *
Supplementary Executive Retirement Plan *
First Amendment to the Supplementary Executive
Retirement Plan effective January 1, 2012 *

Second Amendment to Supplementary Executive
Retirement Plan effective January 1, 2012 *
Third Amendment to Supplementary Executive
Retirement Plan effective December 31, 2013 *
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan *

First Amendment to Executive Deferred Compensation
Plan effective December 19, 2013 *
Macy's, Inc. 401(k) Retirement Investment Plan (the
"Plan") (amending and restating the Macy's, Inc.
401(k) Retirement Investment Plan) effective as of
January 1, 2014 *

First Amendment to the Plan regarding matching
contributions with respect to the Plan’s plan years
beginning on and after January 1, 2014, effective
January 1, 2014 *
Second Amendment to the Plan regarding marriage
status, effective January 1, 2014 *

Third Amendment to the Plan regarding matching
contributions with respect to the Plan’s plan years
beginning on and after January 1, 2014 *
Fourth Amendment to the Plan regarding rules
applicable to Puerto Rico participants effective
January 1, 2011 (and for the Plan's plan years
beginning on and after that date)*
Fifth Amendment to the Plan regarding eligible
associates to participate (pre-tax deferrals only, no
match) immediately upon hire*
Director Deferred Compensation Plan *

45

Exhibit 10.19 to the 2012 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.18.1 to the 2014 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.29 to the 2008 Form 10-K
Exhibit 10.21.1 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended January 28, 2012
Exhibit 10.20.2 to the 2012 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.20.3 to the 2013 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.30 to the 2008 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.21.1 to the 2013 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.22 to the 2013 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.21.1 to the 2014 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.21.2 to the 2014 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.21.3 to the 2014 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.17.4 to the 2015 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.17.5 to the 2015 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.33 to the 2008 Form 10-K

Document if Incorporated by Reference

Appendix B to the Company's Proxy Statement 
dated April 2, 2014

Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Registration 
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 
333-192917) filed on December 18, 2013
Exhibit 10.24.1 to the 2014 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.24.2 to the 2014 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.20.3 to the 2015 Form 10-K

Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q filed on September 8, 2014

Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K (File No. 1-13536) for the fiscal year 
ended January 28, 2017 (the "2016 Form 10-K")

Exhibit
Number
10.18

10.19

10.19.1

10.19.2

10.19.3

10.20

10.21

10.21.1

10.22

21
23

24

31.1

31.2

32.1

32.2

101

Description

Macy's, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus
Incentive Compensation Plan *
Macy's, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan *

First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan
regarding special rules of eligibility for newly eligible
participants, effective April 1, 2014 *
Second Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan
regarding payment rules for plan years that begin on
or after January 1, 2015, effective January 1, 2014 *
Third Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan
regarding a lump sum distribution from account if its
balance does not exceed a certain amount, effective
July 1, 2015*
Change in Control Plan, effective November 1, 2009, 
as revised and restated effective April 1, 2018 *
Amended and Restated Time Sharing Agreement
between Macy's, Inc. and Terry J. Lundgren, dated
August 21, 2014 *
Time Sharing Agreement between Macy's, Inc. and 
Jeff Gennette, dated June 14, 2017 *

General Release with Addendum between Macy's, Inc.
and Peter R. Sachse *

Subsidiaries
Consent of KPMG LLP

Powers of Attorney

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 
Rule 13a-14(a)
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 
Rule 13a-14(a)
Certification by Chief Executive Officer under Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
Certification by Chief Financial Officer under Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
The following financial statements from Macy's, Inc.’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
February 3, 2018, filed on April 4, 2018, formatted in
XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii)
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income,
(iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity, (v)
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as
block of text and in detail.

___________________

46

+

*

Portions of the exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. The confidential portions
have been provided to the SEC.
Constitutes a compensatory plan or arrangement.

47

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly 

caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

SIGNATURES

MACY’S, INC.
By:

/s/    ELISA D. GARCIA        

Elisa D. Garcia

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Date: April 4, 2018 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the 

following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on April 4, 2018. 
 

*

Jeff Gennette

*

Karen M. Hoguet

Chief Executive Officer (principal
executive officer), Chairman of the
Board and Director

Chief Financial Officer (principal
financial officer)

*

Felicia Williams
Executive Vice President,
Controller and Enterprise Risk
Officer (principal accounting
officer)

*

Francis S. Blake

*

John A. Bryant

*

Deirdre P. Connelly

Director

Director

Director

*

Leslie D. Hale

*

William H. Lenehan

*

Sara Levinson

Director

Director

*

Joyce M. Roché

 ___________________

Director

Director

Director

*

Paul C. Varga

*

Marna C. Whittington

Director

*

The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does sign and execute this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to
the Powers of Attorney executed by the above-named officers and directors and filed herewith.

By:

 

/s/    ELISA D. GARCIA       

Elisa D. Garcia
Attorney-in-Fact

48

Page

F-2
F-3

F-5

F-6
F-7

F-8

F-9
F-10

 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 
Report of Management .....................................................................................................................................
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.............................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended

   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016.......................................................................

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended

   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016.......................................................................
Consolidated Balance Sheets at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017 ........................................................
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended

   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016.......................................................................

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended

   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016.......................................................................
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ....................................................................................................

F-1

To the Shareholders of
Macy’s, Inc.:

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

The integrity and consistency of the Consolidated Financial Statements of Macy’s, Inc. and subsidiaries, which were 

prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, are the 
responsibility of management and properly include some amounts that are based upon estimates and judgments.

The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls, which is supported by a program of internal audits 

with appropriate management follow-up action, to provide reasonable assurance, at appropriate cost, that the Company’s 
assets are protected and transactions are properly recorded. Additionally, the integrity of the financial accounting system is 
based on careful selection and training of qualified personnel, organizational arrangements which provide for appropriate 
division of responsibilities and communication of established written policies and procedures.

The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 

reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and has issued Management’s Report on Internal Control over 
Financial Reporting.

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been audited by KPMG LLP. Their report expresses 

their opinion as to the fair presentation, in all material respects, of the financial statements and is based upon their 
independent audits.

The Audit Committee, composed solely of outside directors, meets periodically with KPMG LLP, the internal 

auditors and representatives of management to discuss auditing and financial reporting matters. In addition, KPMG LLP 
and the Company’s internal auditors meet periodically with the Audit Committee without management representatives 
present and have free access to the Audit Committee at any time. The Audit Committee is responsible for recommending to 
the Board of Directors the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm and the general oversight 
review of management’s discharge of its responsibilities with respect to the matters referred to above.

Jeff Gennette
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Karen M. Hoguet
Chief Financial Officer

Felicia Williams
Executive Vice President, Controller and Enterprise Risk Officer

F-2

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Macy’s, Inc.:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Macy’s, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of 
February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in 
shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 3, 2018, and the related 
notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over 
financial reporting as of February 3, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows 
for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 3, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over 
financial reporting as of February 3, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Basis for Opinions 
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal 
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, 
included in the accompanying Item 9A(b), “Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.” Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the 
Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with 
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with 
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained 
in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control 
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other 
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our 
opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 

F-3

directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ KPMG

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1988. 

Cincinnati, Ohio
April 4, 2018

F-4

MACY’S, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(millions, except per share data)

 

Net sales ................................................................................................... $
Cost of sales .............................................................................................
Gross margin ............................................................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses...........................................
Gains on sale of real estate.......................................................................
Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs ........................
Settlement charges....................................................................................
Operating income .....................................................................................
Interest expense........................................................................................
Net premiums on early retirement of debt ...............................................
Interest income .........................................................................................
Income before income taxes.....................................................................
Federal, state and local income tax benefit (expense)..............................
Net income ...............................................................................................
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ........................................
Net income attributable to Macy's, Inc. shareholders .............................. $
Basic earnings per share attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders...................................................................... $

Diluted earnings per share attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders...................................................................... $

2017

2016

2015

24,837
(15,152)
9,685
(8,131)
544
(186)
(105)
1,807
(321)
10
11
1,507
29
1,536
11
1,547

5.07

5.04

$

$

$

$

25,778
(15,621)
10,157
(8,474)
209
(479)
(98)
1,315
(367)
—
4
952
(341)
611
8
619

2.01

1.99

$

$

$

$

27,079
(16,496)
10,583
(8,468)
212
(288)
—
2,039
(363)
—
2
1,678
(608)
1,070
2
1,072

3.26

3.22

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-5

MACY’S, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(millions)

 

Net income ............................................................................................... $
Other comprehensive income, net of taxes:

Net actuarial gain and prior service credit on post employment

and postretirement benefit plans, net of tax effect of
$37 million and $42 million ..........................................................

Reclassifications to net income:

Net actuarial loss and prior service cost on post employment and

postretirement benefit plans, net of tax effect of $13 million,
$14 million and $19 million ..........................................................

Settlement charges, net of tax effect of $37 million and

$38 million.....................................................................................
Total other comprehensive income...........................................................
Comprehensive income............................................................................
Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest.....................
Comprehensive income attributable to 

Macy's, Inc. shareholders...................................................................... $

2017

2016

2015

1,536

$

611

$

1,070

82

22

68
172
1,708
11

65

22

60
147
758
8

1,719

$

766

$

—

29

—
29
1,099
2

1,101

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-6

MACY’S, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(millions)

ASSETS

February 3, 2018

January 28, 2017

 

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................................ $
Receivables...................................................................................................................
Merchandise inventories...............................................................................................
Prepaid expenses and other current assets....................................................................
Total Current Assets ..............................................................................................
Property and Equipment – net..............................................................................................
Goodwill ..............................................................................................................................
Other Intangible Assets – net...............................................................................................
Other Assets .........................................................................................................................

Total Assets............................................................................................................ $

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Current Liabilities:

Short-term debt ............................................................................................................. $
Merchandise accounts payable .....................................................................................
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities......................................................................
Income taxes .................................................................................................................
Total Current Liabilities.........................................................................................
Long-Term Debt...................................................................................................................
Deferred Income Taxes........................................................................................................
Other Liabilities ...................................................................................................................
Shareholders’ Equity:

Common stock (304.8 and 304.1 shares outstanding)..................................................
Additional paid-in capital .............................................................................................
Accumulated equity......................................................................................................
Treasury stock...............................................................................................................
Accumulated other comprehensive loss .......................................................................
Total Macy's, Inc. Shareholders’ Equity................................................................
Noncontrolling interest .................................................................................................
Total Shareholders' Equity.....................................................................................
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity ............................................................ $

1,455
363
5,178
448
7,444
6,672
3,897
488
880
19,381

22
1,590
3,167
296
5,075
5,861
1,122
1,662

3
676
7,174
(1,456)
(724)
5,673
(12)
5,661
19,381

$

$

$

$

1,297
522
5,399
408
7,626
7,017
3,897
498
813
19,851

309
1,423
3,563
352
5,647
6,562
1,443
1,877

3
617
6,088
(1,489)
(896)
4,323
(1)
4,322
19,851

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-7

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(millions)

MACY’S, INC.

Common

Stock

Additional
Paid-In
Capital

Accumulated

Equity

Treasury

Stock

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

Total

Macy's, Inc.
Shareholders’

Equity

Non-

controlling
Interest

Total

Shareholders'

Equity

4

$

1,048

$

Balance at January 31, 2015........ $
Net income (loss) ........................
Other comprehensive income......
Common stock dividends  
($1.3925 per share)....................
Stock repurchases........................
Stock-based compensation  
  expense......................................
Stock issued under stock plans....
Retirement of common stock ......
Deferred compensation 
plan distributions.......................
Macy's China Limited .................
Balance at January 30, 2016........
Net income (loss) ........................
Other comprehensive income......
Common stock dividends
($1.4925 per share)....................
Stock repurchases........................
Stock-based compensation
  expense....................................
Stock issued under stock plans....
Retirement of common stock ......
Deferred compensation 
plan distributions.......................
Macy's China Limited .................
Balance at January 28, 2017........
Net income (loss) ........................
Other comprehensive income......
Common stock dividends ($1.51
per share)...................................
Stock repurchases........................
Stock-based compensation
  expense....................................
Stock issued under stock plans....
Deferred compensation 
plan distributions.......................
Other............................................
Balance at February 3, 2018........ $

64
(64)
(427)

(1)

3

621

60
(64)

3

617

58
(24)

25
676

3

$

7,340
1,072

(456)

(1,622)

6,334
619

(459)

(406)

6,088
1,547

(461)

$ (1,942) $

(1,072) $

29

(2,001)

226
2,050

2

(1,665)

(1,043)

147

(316)

81
406

5

(1,489)

(1)

27

7

(896)

172

5,378
1,072
29

(456)
(2,001)

64
162
—

2
—
4,250
619
147

(459)
(316)

60
17
—

5
—
4,323
1,547
172

(461)
(1)

58
3

7
25
5,673

$

— $
(2)

5
3
(8)

4
(1)
(11)

$

(12) $

5,378
1,070
29

(456)
(2,001)

64
162
—

2
5
4,253
611
147

(459)
(316)

60
17
—

5
4
4,322
1,536
172

(461)
(1)

58
3

7
25
5,661

$

7,174

$ (1,456) $

(724) $

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-8

MACY’S, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(millions)

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income................................................................................................................... $
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

1,536

$

611

$

2017

2016

2015

Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs...................................
Settlement charges ..............................................................................................
Depreciation and amortization............................................................................
Stock-based compensation expense....................................................................
Gains on sale of real estate..................................................................................
Amortization of financing costs and premium on acquired debt........................
Changes in assets and liabilities:.........................................................................
(Increase) decrease in receivables .................................................................
(Increase) decrease in merchandise inventories ............................................
Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets...................................
Increase (decrease) in merchandise accounts payable...................................
Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued

liabilities and other items not separately identified ................................
Increase (decrease) in current income taxes ..................................................
Decrease in deferred income taxes ................................................................
Change in other assets and liabilities not separately identified .....................
Net cash provided by operating activities......................................

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment............................................................................
Capitalized software.....................................................................................................
Acquisition of Bluemercury, Inc., net of cash acquired...............................................
Disposition of property and equipment........................................................................
Other, net......................................................................................................................
Net cash used by investing activities .............................................

Cash flows from financing activities:

Debt repaid...................................................................................................................
Dividends paid .............................................................................................................
Debt issued...................................................................................................................
Increase (decrease) in outstanding checks ...................................................................
Acquisition of treasury stock .......................................................................................
Issuance of common stock...........................................................................................
Financing costs.............................................................................................................
Proceeds from noncontrolling interest.........................................................................
Net cash used by financing activities.............................................
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents...........................................................
Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period....................................................................
Cash and cash equivalents end of period .............................................................................. $
Supplemental cash flow information:

Interest paid.................................................................................................................. $
Interest received...........................................................................................................
Income taxes paid (net of refunds received)................................................................

186
105
991
58
(544)
(45)

120
221
(14)
162

(179)
(114)
(412)
(127)
1,944

(487)
(273)
—
411
(24)
(373)

(954)
(461)
—
(15)
(1)
6
(1)
13
(1,413)
158
1,297
1,455

361
12
496

$

$

479
98
1,058
61
(209)
(14)

(1)
107
(8)
(132)

(127)
125
(139)
(108)
1,801

(596)
(316)
—
673
52
(187)

(751)
(459)
—
61
(316)
36
(3)
6
(1,426)
188
1,109
1,297

396
4
352

$

$

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-9

1,070

288
—
1,061
65
(212)
(14)

(45)
(60)
—
(78)

116
(69)
(1)
(137)
1,984

(777)
(336)
(212)
204
29
(1,092)

(152)
(456)
499
(83)
(2,001)
163
(4)
5
(2,029)
(1,137)
2,246
1,109

383
2
635

MACY’S, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Nature of Operations

Macy’s, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) is an omnichannel retail organization operating stores, websites and 
mobile applications under three brands (Macy’s, Bloomingdale’s and bluemercury) that sell a wide range of merchandise, 
including apparel and accessories (men's, women's and children's), cosmetics, home furnishings and other consumer goods.  
The Company has stores in 44 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico. As of February 3, 2018, the 
Company’s operations and reportable segments were conducted through Macy’s, Bloomingdale’s, Bloomingdale’s The 
Outlet, Macy's Backstage, bluemercury and Macy's China Limited, which are aggregated into one reporting segment in 
accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 
280, Segment Reporting. The metrics used by management to assess the performance of the Company’s operating divisions 
include sales trends, gross margin rates, expense rates, and rates of earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) and 
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”). The Company’s operating divisions have 
historically had similar economic characteristics and are expected to have similar economic characteristics and long-term 
financial performance in future periods.

For 2017, 2016 and 2015, the following merchandise constituted the following percentages of sales:

 

Women’s Accessories, Intimate Apparel, Shoes, Cosmetics and Fragrances....
Women’s Apparel ..............................................................................................
Men’s and Children’s.........................................................................................
Home/Miscellaneous .........................................................................................

2017

2016

2015

38%
23
23
16
100%

38%
23
23
16
100%

38%
23
23
16
100%

Fiscal Year

The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31. Fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 ended on 

February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016, respectively.  Fiscal year 2017 includes 53 weeks and fiscal 
years 2016 and 2015 included 52 weeks. References to years in the Consolidated Financial Statements relate to fiscal years 
rather than calendar years.

Basis of Presentation

In August 2015, the Company established a joint venture, Macy's China Limited, of which the Company holds a 

sixty-five percent ownership interest and Hong Kong-based Fung Retailing Limited holds the remaining thirty-five percent 
ownership interest. Macy's China Limited sells merchandise in China through an e-commerce presence on Alibaba Group's 
Tmall Global. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Macy's, Inc. and its 100%-owned 
subsidiaries and the newly established majority-owned subsidiary, Macy's China Limited. The noncontrolling interest 
represents the Fung Retailing Limited's thirty-five percent proportionate share of the results of Macy's China Limited. All 
significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.

Certain reclassifications were made to prior year’s amounts to conform with the classifications of such amounts in 

the most recent years.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United 

States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and 
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts 
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Such estimates and assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainties, 
which may result in actual amounts differing from reported amounts.

F-10

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Net Sales

Net sales include merchandise sales, licensed department income, shipping and handling fees, sales of private brand 
goods directly to third party retailers and sales of excess inventory to third parties. Sales of merchandise are recorded at the 
time of delivery to the customer and are reported net of merchandise returns. The Company licenses third parties to operate 
certain departments in its stores. The Company receives commissions from these licensed departments based on a 
percentage of net sales. Commissions are recognized as income at the time merchandise is sold to customers. Sales taxes 
collected from customers are not considered revenue and are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities until 
remitted to the taxing authorities. 

Cost of Sales

Cost of sales consists of the cost of merchandise, including inbound freight, shipping and handling costs, and 
depreciation.  An estimated allowance for future sales returns is recorded and cost of sales is adjusted accordingly.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Cash 
and cash equivalents includes amounts due in respect of credit card sales transactions that are settled early in the following 
period in the amount of $102 million at February 3, 2018 and $119 million at January 28, 2017.

Investments

The Company from time to time invests in debt and equity securities, including companies engaged in 

complementary businesses. All marketable equity and debt securities held by the Company are accounted for under ASC 
Topic 320, Investments – Debt and Equity Securities. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are 
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale 
securities are included as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income tax effect, until 
realized. At February 3, 2018, the Company did not hold any held-to-maturity or available-for-sale securities.

Receivables

In connection with the sale of most of the Company’s credit assets to Citibank, the Company and Citibank entered 

into a long-term marketing and servicing alliance pursuant to the terms of a Credit Card Program Agreement (the “Program 
Agreement”). Income earned under the Program Agreement is treated as a reduction of selling, general and administrative 
("SG&A") expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Under the Program Agreement, Citibank offers proprietary 
and non-proprietary credit cards to the Company’s customers through previously existing and newly opened accounts.

Loyalty Programs

The Company maintains customer loyalty programs in which customers earn points based on their spending. Under 

the Macy's brand, the Company launched a new points-based loyalty program in October 2017 for proprietary cardholders.  
Under the Macy’s brand, the Company also currently participates in a coalition program (Plenti) whereby customers can 
earn points based on spending levels with bonus opportunities through various targeted offers and promotions at Macy's 
and other partners. The Company will no longer participate in Plenti as of May 3, 2018.  Under the Bloomingdale’s brand, 
the Company offers a tender neutral points-based program. Benefits also include free delivery and gift wrap services. For 
these programs, the Company recognizes the estimated net amount of the rewards that will be earned and redeemed as a 
reduction to net sales.  

F-11

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Merchandise Inventories

Merchandise inventories are valued at lower of cost or market using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) retail inventory 

method. Under the retail inventory method, inventory is segregated into departments of merchandise having similar 
characteristics, and is stated at its current retail selling value. Inventory retail values are converted to a cost basis by 
applying specific average cost factors for each merchandise department. Cost factors represent the average cost-to-retail 
ratio for each merchandise department based on beginning inventory and the annual purchase activity. At February 3, 2018 
and January 28, 2017, merchandise inventories valued at LIFO, including adjustments as necessary to record inventory at 
the lower of cost or market, approximated the cost of such inventories using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) retail inventory 
method. The application of the LIFO retail inventory method did not result in the recognition of any LIFO charges or 
credits affecting cost of sales for 2017, 2016 or 2015. The retail inventory method inherently requires management 
judgments and estimates, such as the amount and timing of permanent markdowns to clear unproductive or slow-moving 
inventory, which may impact the ending inventory valuation as well as gross margins.  

Permanent markdowns designated for clearance activity are recorded when the utility of the inventory has 

diminished. Factors considered in the determination of permanent markdowns include current and anticipated demand, 
customer preferences, age of the merchandise and fashion trends. When a decision is made to permanently markdown 
merchandise, the resulting gross margin reduction is recognized in the period the markdown is recorded.

Physical inventories are generally taken within each merchandise department annually, and inventory records are 

adjusted accordingly, resulting in the recording of actual shrinkage. Physical inventories are taken at all store locations for 
substantially all merchandise categories approximately three weeks before the end of the year. Shrinkage is estimated as a 
percentage of sales at interim periods and for this approximate three-week period, based on historical shrinkage rates. 
While it is not possible to quantify the impact from each cause of shrinkage, the Company has loss prevention programs 
and policies that are intended to minimize shrinkage, including the use of radio frequency identification cycle counts and 
interim inventories to keep the Company's merchandise files accurate. 

Vendor Allowances

The Company receives certain allowances as reimbursement for markdowns taken and/or to support the gross 

margins earned in connection with the sales of merchandise. These allowances are recognized when earned in accordance 
with ASC Subtopic 605-50, Customer Payments and Incentives. The Company also receives advertising allowances from 
approximately 980 of its merchandise vendors pursuant to cooperative advertising programs, with some vendors 
participating in multiple programs. These allowances represent reimbursements by vendors of costs incurred by the 
Company to promote the vendors’ merchandise and are netted against advertising and promotional costs when the related 
costs are incurred in accordance with ASC Subtopic 605-50. Advertising allowances in excess of costs incurred are 
recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs and, ultimately, through cost of sales when the merchandise is sold.

The arrangements pursuant to which the Company’s vendors provide allowances, while binding, are generally 

informal in nature and one year or less in duration. The terms and conditions of these arrangements vary significantly from 
vendor to vendor and are influenced by, among other things, the type of merchandise to be supported.

F-12

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Advertising

Advertising and promotional costs are generally expensed at first showing. Advertising and promotional costs and 

cooperative advertising allowances were as follows:

Gross advertising and promotional costs ................................................. $
Cooperative advertising allowances.........................................................
Advertising and promotional costs, net of

cooperative advertising allowances ...................................................... $
Net sales ................................................................................................... $
Advertising and promotional costs, net of cooperative

advertising allowances, as a percent to net sales ..................................

2017

1,397
289

1,108
24,837

2016

(millions)

$

$
$

1,547
394

1,153
25,778

$

$
$

2015

1,587
414

1,173
27,079

4.5%

4.5%

4.3%

Property and Equipment

Depreciation of owned properties is provided primarily on a straight-line basis over the estimated asset lives, which 
range from fifteen to fifty years for buildings and building equipment and three to fifteen years for fixtures and equipment. 
Real estate taxes and interest on construction in progress and land under development are capitalized. Amounts capitalized 
are amortized over the estimated lives of the related depreciable assets. The Company receives contributions from 
developers and merchandise vendors to fund building improvement and the construction of vendor shops. Such 
contributions are generally netted against the capital expenditures.

Buildings on leased land and leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their economic lives or the 

lease term, beginning on the date the asset is put into use. 

The carrying value of long-lived assets is periodically reviewed by the Company whenever events or changes in 

circumstances indicate that a potential impairment has occurred. For long-lived assets held for use, a potential impairment 
has occurred if projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets. The estimate of cash 
flows includes management’s assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in 
operations. When a potential impairment has occurred, an impairment write-down is recorded if the carrying value of the 
long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The Company believes its estimated cash flows are sufficient to support the carrying 
value of its long-lived assets. If estimated cash flows significantly differ in the future, the Company may be required to 
record asset impairment write-downs.

If the Company commits to a plan to dispose of a long-lived asset before the end of its previously estimated useful 
life, estimated cash flows are revised accordingly, and the Company may be required to record an asset impairment write-
down. Additionally, related liabilities arise such as severance, contractual obligations and other accruals associated with 
store closings from decisions to dispose of assets. The Company estimates these liabilities based on the facts and 
circumstances in existence for each restructuring decision. The amounts the Company will ultimately realize or disburse 
could differ from the amounts assumed in arriving at the asset impairment and restructuring charge recorded.

The Company classifies certain long-lived assets as held for disposal by sale and ceases depreciation when the 

particular criteria for such classification are met, including the probable sale within one year. For long-lived assets to be 
disposed of by sale, an impairment charge is recorded if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value less costs to 
sell. Such valuations include estimations of fair values and incremental direct costs to transact a sale.

F-13

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Leases

The Company recognizes operating lease minimum rentals on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Executory 
costs such as real estate taxes and maintenance, and contingent rentals such as those based on a percentage of sales are 
recognized as incurred.

The lease term, which includes all renewal periods that are considered to be reasonably assured, begins on the date 
the Company has access to the leased property. The Company receives contributions from landlords to fund buildings and 
leasehold improvements. Such contributions are recorded as deferred rent and amortized as reductions to lease expense 
over the lease term.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

The carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are reviewed at least annually for 

possible impairment in accordance with ASC Subtopic 350-20, Goodwill, including the adoption of Accounting Standards 
Update ("ASU") 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, in the fourth quarter of 2017. Goodwill and other 
intangible assets with indefinite lives have been assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment testing. The 
reporting units are the Company’s retail operating divisions. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are 
tested for impairment annually at the end of the fiscal month of May. The Company evaluates qualitative factors to 
determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value and whether it is 
necessary to perform the goodwill impairment process.  If required, the Company performs a quantitative impairment test 
which involves a comparison of each reporting unit’s fair value to its carrying value and the Company estimates fair value 
based on discounted cash flows.  The reporting unit’s discounted cash flows require significant management judgment with 
respect to sales, gross margin and SG&A rates, capital expenditures and the selection and use of an appropriate discount 
rate. The projected sales, gross margin and SG&A expense rate assumptions and capital expenditures are based on the 
Company’s annual business plan or other forecasted results. Discount rates reflect market-based estimates of the risks 
associated with the projected cash flows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations. The estimates of fair 
value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment. If the carrying value of 
a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to such excess, limited to 
the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. If the carrying value of an individual indefinite-lived intangible 
asset exceeds its fair value, such individual indefinite-lived intangible asset is written down by an amount equal to such 
excess.  

Capitalized Software

The Company capitalizes purchased and internally developed software and amortizes such costs to expense on a 

straight-line basis generally over three to five years. Capitalized software is included in other assets on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.

Gift Cards

The Company only offers no-fee, non-expiring gift cards to its customers. At the time gift cards are sold, no revenue 

is recognized; rather, the Company records an accrued liability to customers. The liability is relieved and revenue is 
recognized equal to the amount redeemed at the time gift cards are redeemed for merchandise. Income from unredeemed 
gift cards (breakage) is recorded in proportion and over the time period gift cards are actually redeemed. At least three 
years of historical data, updated annually, is used to determine actual redemption patterns. Breakage income for certain 
non-purchased, non-expiring gift cards is recognized when the likelihood of redemption is deemed remote. The Company 
records breakage income as a reduction of SG&A expenses.

Self-Insurance Reserves

The Company, through its insurance subsidiary, is self-insured for workers compensation and general liability claims 

up to certain maximum liability amounts. Although the amounts accrued are actuarially determined based on analysis of 
historical trends of losses, settlements, litigation costs and other factors, the amounts the Company will ultimately disburse 
could differ from such accrued amounts.

F-14

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Post Employment and Postretirement Obligations

The Company, through its actuaries, utilizes assumptions when estimating the liabilities for pension and other 

employee benefit plans. These assumptions, where applicable, include the discount rates used to determine the actuarial 
present value of projected benefit obligations, the rate of increase in future compensation levels, the long-term rate of 
return on assets and the growth in health care costs. The Company measures post employment and postretirement assets 
and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the Company's fiscal year-end or an interim period quarter-end if a 
plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement.  The benefit expense is generally recognized in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements on an accrual basis over the average remaining lifetime of participants, and the accrued benefits are 
reported in other assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, 
as appropriate.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are 

recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of 
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred 
income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in 
which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred income tax assets and 
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the period that includes the 
enactment date. Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some 
portion of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.

Derivatives

The Company records derivative transactions according to the provisions of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and 
Hedging, which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities and 
requires recognition of all derivatives as either assets or liabilities and measurement of those instruments at fair value. The 
Company makes limited use of derivative financial instruments. The Company does not use financial instruments for 
trading or other speculative purposes and is not a party to any leveraged financial instruments. On the date that the 
Company enters into a derivative contract, the Company designates the derivative instrument as either a fair value hedge, a 
cash flow hedge or as a free-standing derivative instrument, each of which would receive different accounting treatment. 
Prior to entering into a hedge transaction, the Company formally documents the relationship between hedging instruments 
and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. 
Derivative instruments that the Company may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate 
swap and interest rate cap agreements and Treasury lock agreements. At February 3, 2018, the Company was not a party to 
any derivative financial instruments.

Stock Based Compensation

The Company records stock-based compensation expense according to the provisions of ASC Topic 718, 

Compensation – Stock Compensation. ASC Topic 718 requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of 
employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair values. Under the provisions of 
ASC Topic 718, the Company determines the appropriate fair value model to be used for valuing share-based payments and 
the amortization method for compensation cost. 

F-15

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

2.  Restructuring, Impairment, Store Closing and Other Costs

Restructuring, impairment, store closing and other costs consist of the following:

 

 
Restructuring ............................................................................................ $
Asset Impairments....................................................................................
Other.........................................................................................................

$

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

120
53
13
186

$

$

168
265
46
479

$

$

123
148
17
288

During 2017, the Company closed or announced the closure of sixteen Macy's stores, part of the approximately 100 

planned closings announced in August 2016. During January 2018 and August 2017, the Company announced restructuring 
efforts, including the consolidation of three functions (merchandising, planning and private brands) into a single 
merchandising function as well as organizational changes for certain store and non-store functions.  The Company 
recognized $120 million of severance and other human resource-related costs associated with this 2017 restructuring 
activity. 

During January 2017, the Company announced a series of actions to streamline its store portfolio, intensify cost 
efficiency efforts and execute its real estate strategy. These actions are intended to support the Company's strategy to 
further invest in omnichannel capabilities, improve customer experience and create shareholder value.  These actions 
included the announced closure of sixty-eight Macy's stores, part of the approximately 100 planned closings announced in 
August 2016, and the reorganization of the field structure that supports the remaining stores and a significant restructuring 
of the Company's operations to focus resources on strategic priorities, improve organizational agility and reduce expense.

During January 2016, the Company announced a series of cost-efficiency and process improvement measures, 

including organization changes that combined certain region and district organizations of the My Macy's store management 
structure, adjusting staffing levels in each Macy's and Bloomingdale's store, implementing a voluntary separation 
opportunity for certain senior executives in stores, office and support functions who meet certain age and service 
requirements, reducing additional positions in back-office organizations, consolidating the four existing Macy's, Inc. credit 
and customer service center facilities into three, and decreasing non-payroll budgets company-wide. During January 2016, 
the Company announced the closure of forty Macy’s stores. 

In connection with these announcements and the plans to dispose of these locations, the Company incurred severance 

and other human resource-related costs and other costs related to obligations and other store liabilities. 

As a result of the Company’s projected undiscounted future cash flows related to certain store locations and other 
assets being less than their carrying value, the Company recorded impairment charges, including properties that were the 
subject of announced store closings. The fair values of these assets were calculated based on the projected cash flows and 
an estimated risk-adjusted rate of return that would be used by market participants in valuing these assets or based on 
prices of similar assets.

The Company expects to pay out the majority of the 2017 accrued severance costs, which are included in accounts 
payable and accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, prior to the end of the second quarter of 2018.  The 
2016 and 2015 accrued severance costs, which were included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, were paid out in the year subsequent to incurring such severance costs.

F-16

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

3.  Receivables

Receivables were $363 million at February 3, 2018, compared to $522 million at January 28, 2017.

In January 2016, the Company completed a $270 million real estate transaction that will enable a re-creation of the 
Macy’s Brooklyn store. The Company will continue to own and operate the first four floors and lower level of its existing 
nine-story retail store, which will be reconfigured and remodeled.  The remaining portion of the store and its nearby 
parking facility were sold to Tishman Speyer in a single sales transaction. The Company has received approximately $250 
million of cash ($68 million in 2015, $141 million in 2016, and $41 million in 2017) from Tishman Speyer for these real 
estate assets and will receive $20 million of additional cash over the next year. This receivable is backed by a guarantee. 

In connection with the sale of most of the Company's credit card accounts and related receivable balances to 

Citibank, the Company and Citibank entered into a long-term marketing and servicing alliance pursuant to the terms of an 
amended and restated Credit Card Program Agreement. The Program Agreement expires March 31, 2025, subject to an 
additional renewal term of three years. The Program Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) the ownership by 
Citibank of the accounts purchased by Citibank, (ii) the ownership by Citibank of new accounts opened by the Company’s 
customers, (iii) the provision of credit by Citibank to the holders of the credit cards associated with the foregoing accounts, 
(iv) the servicing of the foregoing accounts, and (v) the allocation between Citibank and the Company of the economic 
benefits and burdens associated with the foregoing and other aspects of the alliance.

Pursuant to the Program Agreement, the Company continues to provide certain servicing functions related to the 
accounts and related receivables owned by Citibank and receives compensation from Citibank for these services. The 
amounts earned under the Program Agreement related to the servicing functions are deemed adequate compensation and, 
accordingly, no servicing asset or liability has been recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Amounts received under the Program Agreement were $929 million for 2017, $912 million for 2016 and $1,026 

million for 2015, and are treated as reductions of SG&A expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The 
Company’s earnings from credit operations, net of servicing and other credit related expenses, were $768 million for 2017, 
$736 million for 2016, and $831 million for 2015. Income from credit operations excludes costs related to new account 
originations and fraudulent transactions incurred on the Company’s private label credit cards.
 

F-17

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

4. 

Properties and Leases

February 3,

2018

January 28,

2017

Land ................................................................................................................................... $
Buildings on owned land ...................................................................................................
Buildings on leased land and leasehold improvements .....................................................
Fixtures and equipment......................................................................................................
Leased properties under capitalized leases ........................................................................

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization.......................................................

$

 

(millions)
$

1,494
4,106
1,444
4,204
34
11,282
4,610
6,672

$

1,541
4,212
1,545
4,541
34
11,873
4,856
7,017

In connection with various shopping center agreements, the Company is obligated to operate certain stores within the 

centers for periods of up to twenty years. Some of these agreements require that the stores be operated under a particular 
name.

The Company leases a portion of the real estate and personal property used in its operations. Most leases require the 
Company to pay real estate taxes, maintenance and other executory costs; some also require additional payments based on 
percentages of sales and some contain purchase options. Certain of the Company’s real estate leases have terms that extend 
for significant numbers of years and provide for rental rates that increase or decrease over time. In addition, certain of these 
leases contain covenants that restrict the ability of the tenant (typically a subsidiary of the Company) to take specified 
actions (including the payment of dividends or other amounts on account of its capital stock) unless the tenant satisfies 
certain financial tests.

Minimum rental commitments (excluding executory costs) at February 3, 2018, for noncancellable leases are:

 

Capitalized

Leases

Operating

Leases
(millions)

Total

Fiscal year
2018.......................................................................................................... $
2019..........................................................................................................
2020..........................................................................................................
2021..........................................................................................................
2022..........................................................................................................
After 2022 ................................................................................................
Total minimum lease payments................................................................
Less amount representing interest............................................................
Present value of net minimum capitalized lease payments...................... $

$

$

3
3
3
3
3
34
49
22
27

327
312
274
259
235
2,139
3,546

$

$

330
315
277
262
238
2,173
3,595

Capitalized leases are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as property and equipment while the related 

obligation is included in short-term ($1 million) and long-term ($26 million) debt. Amortization of assets subject to 
capitalized leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense. Total minimum lease payments shown above have 
not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $3 million on operating leases.

F-18

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The Company is a guarantor with respect to certain lease obligations associated with The May Department Stores 
Company and previously disposed subsidiaries or businesses. The leases, one of which includes potential extensions to 
2070, have future minimum lease payments aggregating $254 million and are offset by payments from existing tenants and 
subtenants. In addition, the Company is contingently liable for other expenses related to the above leases, such as property 
taxes and common area maintenance, which are also payable by existing tenants and subtenants. Potential liabilities related 
to these guarantees are subject to certain defenses by the Company. The Company believes that the risk of significant loss 
from the guarantees of these lease obligations is remote.

Rental expense consists of:

 

Real estate (excluding executory costs)

Operating leases –

Minimum rentals........................................................................ $
Contingent rentals ......................................................................

Less income from subleases –

Operating leases.........................................................................

$
Personal property – Operating leases....................................................... $

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

317
11
328

(3)
325
10

$

$
$

312
12
324

(5)
319
11

$

$
$

288
19
307

(6)
301
12

Included as a reduction to the expense above is deferred rent amortization of $14 million, $9 million and $8 million 

for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to contributions received from landlords.

F-19

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

5.  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

The following summarizes the Company’s goodwill and other intangible assets:

 

Non-amortizing intangible assets

Goodwill ................................................................................................................... $
Accumulated impairment losses...............................................................................

Tradenames...............................................................................................................

$

Amortizing intangible assets

Favorable leases and other contractual assets........................................................... $
Tradenames...............................................................................................................

Accumulated amortization

Favorable leases and other contractual assets...........................................................
Tradenames...............................................................................................................

$

Capitalized software

Gross balance............................................................................................................ $
Accumulated amortization........................................................................................

$

February 3,

2018

January 28,

2017

(millions)

9,279
(5,382)
3,897
403
4,300

136
43
179

(87)
(7)
(94)
85

1,364
(663)
701

$

$

$

$

$

$

9,279
(5,382)
3,897
403
4,300

141
43
184

(85)
(4)
(89)
95

1,396
(629)
767

Definite lived tradenames are being amortized over their respective useful lives of 20 years. Favorable lease 

intangible assets are being amortized over their respective lease terms (weighted average remaining life of approximately 
six years). 

Favorable leases, other contractual assets, and tradenames amortization expense amounted to $10 million for 2017 
and 2016 and $23 million for 2015.  Capitalized software amortization expense amounted to $301 million for 2017, $293 
million for 2016, and $256 million for 2015.

Future estimated amortization expense for assets, excluding in-process capitalized software of $82 million not yet 

placed in service as of February 3, 2018, is shown below:

 
Fiscal year

Amortizing
intangible

assets

Capitalized
Software

(millions)

2018.......................................................................................................... $
2019..........................................................................................................
2020..........................................................................................................
2021..........................................................................................................
2022..........................................................................................................

$

10
9
8
6
6

261
183
122
51
2

 

F-20

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 6.  Financing

The Company’s debt is as follows:

Short-term debt:

7.45% Senior debentures due 2017......................................................................................... $
Capital lease and current portion of other long-term obligations............................................

$

Long-term debt:

2.875% Senior notes due 2023................................................................................................ $
3.875% Senior notes due 2022................................................................................................
4.5% Senior notes due 2034....................................................................................................
3.45% Senior notes due 2021..................................................................................................
3.625% Senior notes due 2024................................................................................................
6.375% Senior notes due 2037................................................................................................
4.375% Senior notes due 2023................................................................................................
6.9% Senior debentures due 2029...........................................................................................
6.7% Senior debentures due 2034...........................................................................................
6.65% Senior debentures due 2024.........................................................................................
7.0% Senior debentures due 2028...........................................................................................
6.9% Senior debentures due 2032...........................................................................................
5.125% Senior debentures due 2042.......................................................................................
4.3% Senior notes due 2043....................................................................................................
6.7% Senior debentures due 2028...........................................................................................
6.79% Senior debentures due 2027.........................................................................................
8.75% Senior debentures due 2029.........................................................................................
8.5% Senior debentures due 2019...........................................................................................
10.25% Senior debentures due 2021.......................................................................................
7.6% Senior debentures due 2025...........................................................................................
7.875% Senior debentures due 2030.......................................................................................
9.5% amortizing debentures due 2021 ....................................................................................
9.75% amortizing debentures due 2021 ..................................................................................
Unamortized debt issue costs ..................................................................................................
Unamortized debt discount......................................................................................................
Premium on acquired debt, using an effective
   interest yield of 5.542% to 7.144% .....................................................................................
Capital lease and other long-term obligations.........................................................................

$

 
 

February 3,

2018

January 28,

2017

(millions)

— $
22
22

$

$

750
550
550
500
500
269
400
397
264
296
298
31
250
250
197
165
18
36
33
24
12
10
6
(25)
(13)

300
9
309

750
550
550
500
500
500
400
400
400
300
300
250
250
250
200
165
61
36
33
24
18
14
8
(29)
(16)

67
26
5,861

$

121
27
6,562

F-21

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Interest expense and premium on early retirement of debt is as follows:

 

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

Interest on debt......................................................................................... $
Amortization of debt premium.................................................................
Amortization of financing costs and debt discount..................................
Interest on capitalized leases....................................................................

Less interest capitalized on construction..................................................
Interest expense........................................................................................ $

332
(9)
7
2
332
11
321

$

$

392
(22)
5
2
377
10
367

$

$

Net premiums on early retirement of debt ............................................... $

(10) $

— $

393
(21)
6
2
380
17
363

—

During December 2017, the Company completed a tender offer and purchased $400 million in aggregate principal 
amount of certain senior unsecured notes and debentures.  The purchased senior unsecured notes and debentures included 
$147 million of 6.9% senior debentures due 2032, $108 million of 6.7% senior debentures due 2034, $96 million of 
6.375% senior notes due 2037, $43 million of 8.75% senior debentures due 2029, and $6 million of 7.875% senior 
debentures due 2030. The total cash cost for the tender offer was $423 million. The Company recognized $11 million of 
income related to the recognition of the unamortized debt premium partially offset by the redemption premium and other 
costs associated with this debt as net premiums on early retirement of debt on the Consolidated Statements of Income 
during 2017.

During the first and second quarters of 2017, the Company repurchased $247 million face value of senior notes and 
debentures. The debt repurchases were made in the open market for a total cash cost of $257 million, including expenses 
related to the transactions. Such repurchases resulted in the recognition of expense of $1 million during 2017 presented as 
net premiums on early retirement of debt on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

During August 2016, the Company redeemed at par the principal amount of $108 million of 7.875% senior 

debentures due 2036, pursuant to the terms of the debentures. Interest expense in 2016 benefited from the recognition of 
unamortized debt premium associated with this debt.

During August 2015, the Company redeemed at par the principal amount of $76 million of 8.125% senior debentures 
due 2035, pursuant to the terms of the debentures. Interest expense in 2015 benefited from the recognition of unamortized 
debt premium associated with this debt.

Future maturities of long-term debt, other than capitalized leases, are shown below:

 

 
Fiscal year

(millions)

2019.......................................................................................................................................................... $
2020..........................................................................................................................................................
2021..........................................................................................................................................................
2022..........................................................................................................................................................
2023..........................................................................................................................................................
After 2023 ................................................................................................................................................

42
539
553
—
1,150
3,522

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company repaid $300 million, $636 million and $69 million, respectively, of 

indebtedness at maturity. 

On December 7, 2015, the Company issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.45% senior notes due 2021, 

the proceeds of which were used for general corporate purposes.

F-22

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The following table shows the detail of debt repayments:

 
7.45% Senior debentures due 2017.......................................................... $
6.375% Senior notes due 2037.................................................................
6.9% Senior debentures due 2032............................................................
6.7% Senior debentures due 2034............................................................
8.75% Senior debentures due 2029..........................................................
7.875% Senior debentures due 2030........................................................
6.65% Senior debentures due 2024..........................................................
6.9% Senior debentures due 2029............................................................
6.7% Senior debentures due 2028............................................................
7.0% Senior debentures due 2028............................................................
5.9% Senior notes due 2016.....................................................................
7.875% Senior notes due 2036.................................................................
7.45% Senior debentures due 2016..........................................................
7.5% Senior debentures due 2015............................................................
8.125% Senior debentures due 2035........................................................
9.5% amortizing debentures due 2021 .....................................................
9.75% amortizing debentures due 2021 ...................................................
Capital leases and other obligations.........................................................

$

The following summarizes certain components of the Company’s debt:

Bank Credit Agreement

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

300
231
219
136
43
6
4
3
3
2
—
—
—
—
—
4
2
1
954

$

$

— $
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
577
108
59
—
—
4
2
1
751

$

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
69
76
4
3
—
152

The Company entered into a new credit agreement with certain financial institutions as of May 6, 2016 providing for 

revolving credit borrowings and letters of credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,500 million (which may be 
increased to $1,750 million at the option of the Company, subject to the willingness of existing or new lenders to provide 
commitments for such additional financing) outstanding at any particular time. The agreement is set to expire May 6, 2021 
and replaced the prior agreement which was set to expire May 10, 2018. 

As of February 3, 2018, and January 28, 2017, there were no revolving credit loans outstanding under this credit 

agreement, and there were no borrowings under the agreement during 2017 and 2016. In addition, there were no standby 
letters of credit outstanding at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017. Revolving loans under the credit agreement bear 
interest based on various published rates.

The Company's credit agreement, which is an obligation of a 100%-owned subsidiary of Macy’s, Inc. (“Parent”), is 
not secured. However, Parent has fully and unconditionally guaranteed this obligation. The credit agreement requires the 
Company to maintain a specified interest coverage ratio for the latest four quarters of no less than 3.25 and a specified 
leverage ratio as of and for the latest four quarters of no more than 3.75. The Company’s interest coverage ratio for 2017 
was 8.94 and its leverage ratio at February 3, 2018 was 2.04, in each case as calculated in accordance with the credit 
agreement. The interest coverage ratio is defined as EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and 
amortization) divided by net interest expense and the leverage ratio is defined as debt divided by EBITDA. For purposes of 
these calculations EBITDA is calculated as net income plus interest expense, taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-cash 
impairment of goodwill, intangibles and real estate, non-recurring cash charges not to exceed in the aggregate $300 million 
and extraordinary losses less interest income and non-recurring or extraordinary gains. Debt is adjusted to exclude the 
premium on acquired debt and net interest is adjusted to exclude the amortization of premium on acquired debt and 
premium on early retirement of debt.

A breach of a restrictive covenant in the Company’s credit agreement or the inability of the Company to maintain the 

financial ratios described above could result in an event of default under the credit agreement. In addition, an event of 

F-23

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

default would occur under the credit agreement if any indebtedness of the Company in excess of an aggregate principal 
amount of $150 million becomes due prior to its stated maturity or the holders of such indebtedness become able to cause it 
to become due prior to its stated maturity. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders could, subject to the 
terms and conditions of the credit agreement, elect to declare the outstanding principal, together with accrued interest, to be 
immediately due and payable. Moreover, most of the Company’s senior notes and debentures contain cross-default 
provisions based on the non-payment at maturity, or other default after an applicable grace period, of any other debt, the 
unpaid principal amount of which is not less than $100 million that could be triggered by an event of default under the 
credit agreement. In such an event, the Company’s senior notes and debentures that contain cross-default provisions would 
also be subject to acceleration.

Commercial Paper

The Company is a party to a $1,500 million unsecured commercial paper program. The Company may issue and sell 

commercial paper in an aggregate amount outstanding at any particular time not to exceed its then-current combined 
borrowing availability under the bank credit agreement described above. The issuance of commercial paper will have the 
effect, while such commercial paper is outstanding, of reducing the Company’s borrowing capacity under the bank credit 
agreement by an amount equal to the principal amount of such commercial paper. During 2016, the Company utilized 
seasonal borrowings available under this commercial paper program. Over the past two fiscal years, the amount of 
borrowings under the commercial paper program increased to its highest level for 2016 of approximately $388 million 
during the fourth quarter of 2016. There were no borrowings under the program during 2017. As of February 3, 2018 and 
January 28, 2017, there were no remaining borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program. 

This program, which is an obligation of a 100%-owned subsidiary of Macy’s, Inc., is not secured. However, Parent 

has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations.

Senior Notes and Debentures

The senior notes and the senior debentures are unsecured obligations of a 100%-owned subsidiary of Macy’s, Inc. 
and Parent has fully and unconditionally guaranteed these obligations (see Note 16, “Condensed Consolidating Financial 
Information”).

Other Financing Arrangements

At February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, the Company had dedicated $37 million of cash, included in prepaid 

expenses and other current assets, which is used to collateralize the Company’s issuances of standby letters of credit. There 
were $28 million and $30 million of other standby letters of credit outstanding at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, 
respectively.

F-24

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

7.  Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
 

Accounts payable................................................................................................................ $
Gift cards and customer rewards ........................................................................................
Accrued wages and vacation ..............................................................................................
Current portion of post employment and postretirement benefits......................................
Taxes other than income taxes............................................................................................
Lease related liabilities .......................................................................................................
Current portion of workers’ compensation and general liability reserves..........................
Restructuring accruals, including severance.......................................................................
Allowance for future sales returns......................................................................................
Accrued interest..................................................................................................................
Deferred real estate gains....................................................................................................
Other ...................................................................................................................................

$

February 3,

2018

January 28,

2017

(millions)
735
$
967
229
194
157
189
108
93
90
70
65
270
3,167

$

754
970
215
208
166
174
119
166
96
74
340
281
3,563

Adjustments to the allowance for future sales returns, which amounted to credits of $6 million and $16 million for 

2017 and 2016, respectively, and a charge of $19 million for 2015 are reflected in cost of sales.

Changes in workers’ compensation and general liability reserves, including the current portion, are as follows:

 

Balance, beginning of year....................................................................... $
Charged to costs and expenses .................................................................
Payments, net of recoveries......................................................................
Balance, end of year................................................................................. $

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

503
144
(150)
497

$

$

508
145
(150)
503

$

$

505
159
(156)
508

The non-current portion of workers’ compensation and general liability reserves is included in other liabilities on the 

Consolidated Balance Sheets. At February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, workers’ compensation and general liability 
reserves included $112 million of liabilities which are covered by deposits and receivables included in current assets on the 
Consolidated Balance Sheets.

F-25

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

8.  Taxes

 

 

Income tax expense (benefit) is as follows:

2017

Current

Deferred

Total

Current

Federal .......................... $
State and local...............

$

367
16
383

$

$

(452) $

40

(412) $

(85) $
56
(29) $

433
37
470

2016

Deferred
(millions)
$

(125) $

(4)

$

(129) $

Total

Current

Deferred

Total

2015

308
33
341

$

$

536
72
608

$ — $

—

$ — $

536
72
608

On December 22, 2017, H.R. 1 was enacted into law. This new tax legislation, among other things, reduced the U.S. 

federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018. 

In applying the impacts of the new tax legislation to its 2017 income tax provision, the Company remeasured its 

deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, which is generally a 
21% federal tax rate and its related impact on the state tax rates. The resulting impact was the recognition of an income tax 
benefit of $571 million in the fourth quarter of 2017.  In addition, applying the new U.S. federal corporate tax rate of 21% 
on January 1, 2018, resulted in a federal income tax statutory rate of 33.7% in 2017. Combining the impacts on the 
Company’s current income tax provision and the remeasurement of its deferred tax balances, the Company’s effective 
income tax rate was a benefit of 1.9% in 2017.

The income tax expense (benefit) reported differs from the expected tax computed by applying the federal income 

tax statutory rate of 33.7% for 2017 and 35% for 2016 and 2015 to income before income taxes. The reasons for this 
difference and their tax effects are as follows:
 

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

$

Expected tax ............................................................................................. $
State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit (a) ............
Federal tax reform deferred tax remeasurement ......................................
Tax impact of equity awards (a)................................................................................
Historic rehabilitation tax credit...............................................................
Change in valuation allowance ................................................................
Other.........................................................................................................

587
43
—
—
(12)
3
(13)
608
(a) 2017 included the recognition of approximately $15 million of net tax deficiencies associated with share-based payment awards due to the adoption of 
Accounting Standards Update 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. Historically, the Company had recognized such 
amounts as an offset to accumulated excess tax benefits previously recognized in additional paid-in capital.

512
19
(571)
14
(5)
18
(16)
(29) $

333
12
—
—
(1)
9
(12)
341

$

$

$

The Company participates in the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Compliance Assurance Program ("CAP").  As 

part of the CAP, tax years are audited on a contemporaneous basis so that all or most issues are resolved prior to the filing 
of the tax return. The IRS has completed examinations of 2016 and all prior tax years.  

F-26

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred 

tax liabilities are as follows:
 

Deferred tax assets

Post employment and postretirement benefits ......................................................... $
Accrued liabilities accounted for on a cash basis for tax purposes..........................
Long-term debt.........................................................................................................
Unrecognized state tax benefits and accrued interest...............................................
State operating loss and credit carryforwards ..........................................................
Other.........................................................................................................................
Valuation allowance .................................................................................................
Total deferred tax assets....................................................................................

Deferred tax liabilities

Excess of book basis over tax basis of property and equipment..............................
Merchandise inventories ..........................................................................................
Intangible assets .......................................................................................................
Other.........................................................................................................................
Total deferred tax liabilities ..............................................................................
Net deferred tax liability ................................................................................... $

February 3,

2018

January 28,

2017

(millions)

$

188
218
25
39
101
165
(65)
671

(923)
(389)
(276)
(205)
(1,793)
(1,122) $

405
379
63
76
79
347
(36)
1,313

(1,381)
(604)
(380)
(391)
(2,756)
(1,443)

The valuation allowance at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017 relates to net deferred tax assets for state net 

operating loss and credit carryforwards. The net change in the valuation allowance amounted to an increase of $29 million 
for 2017 which includes $11 million due to the impact of the deferred tax remeasurement associated with the 2017 U.S. 
federal tax reform.   In 2016, the net change in the valuation allowance amounted to an increase of $9 million.

As of February 3, 2018, the Company had no federal net operating loss carryforwards, state net operating loss 

carryforwards, net of valuation allowances, of $138 million, and state credit carryforwards, net of valuation allowances, of 
$16 million, which will expire between 2018 and 2037. 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 

Balance, beginning of year ...................................................................... $
Additions based on tax positions related to the current year ...................
Additions for tax positions of prior years ................................................
Reductions for tax positions of prior years..............................................
Settlements...............................................................................................
Statute expirations....................................................................................
Balance, end of year................................................................................. $
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at
   February 3, 2018, January 28, 2017, and January 30, 2016

Current income taxes ........................................................................ $
Deferred income taxes ......................................................................
Other liabilities .................................................................................

$

F-27

February 3,

2018

January 28,

2017

(millions)

January 30,

2016

167
7
—
(23)
(2)
(9)
140

11
4
125
140

$

$

$

$

178
16
—
(12)
(4)
(11)
167

6
4
157
167

$

$

$

$

172
30
—
(7)
(3)
(14)
178

12
5
161
178

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

As of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits, net of deferred tax assets, 

that, if recognized would affect the effective income tax rate, was $111 million and $109 million, respectively.

The Company classifies unrecognized tax benefits not expected to be settled within one year as other liabilities on the 

Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The Company classifies federal, state and local interest and penalties not expected to be settled within one year as 

other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and follows a policy of recognizing all interest and penalties related to 
unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Federal, state and local interest and penalties, which amounted to a credit 
of $3 million for 2017, an expense of $2 million for 2016, and an expense of $1 million for 2015, are reflected in income 
tax expense.

The Company had $51 million and $55 million accrued for the payment of federal, state and local interest and 

penalties at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, respectively. The accrued federal, state and local interest and penalties 
primarily relates to state tax issues and the amount of penalties paid in prior periods, and the amount of penalties accrued at 
February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017 are insignificant. At February 3, 2018, $27 million of federal, state and local 
interest and penalties is included in other liabilities and $24 million is included in current income taxes on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.

The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and 
local jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years 
before 2014. With respect to state and local jurisdictions, with limited exceptions, the Company and its subsidiaries are no 
longer subject to income tax audits for years before 2008. Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain, the 
Company believes that adequate amounts of tax, interest and penalties have been accrued for any adjustments that are 
expected to result from the years still subject to examination.

F-28

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

9.  Retirement Plans

The Company has defined contribution plans which cover substantially all employees who work 1,000 hours or more 

in a year. In addition, the Company has a funded defined benefit plan (“Pension Plan”) and an unfunded defined benefit 
supplementary retirement plan (“SERP”), which provides benefits, for certain employees, in excess of qualified plan 
limitations.  Effective January 1, 2012, the Pension Plan was closed to new participants, with limited exceptions, and 
effective January 2, 2012, the SERP was closed to new participants.

In February 2013, the Company announced changes to the Pension Plan and SERP whereby eligible employees no 

longer earn future pension service credits after December 31, 2013, with limited exceptions.  All retirement benefits 
attributable to service in subsequent periods are provided through defined contribution plans. 

Retirement expenses, excluding settlement charges, included the following components:

401(k) Qualified Defined Contribution Plan...................................... $
Non-Qualified Defined Contribution Plan .........................................
Pension Plan .......................................................................................
Supplementary Retirement Plan.........................................................

$

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

93
1
(82)
31
43

$

$

94
2
(83)
31
44

$

$

88
2
(54)
41
77

In 2016, the Company changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic 
benefit costs for the Pension Plan and SERP.  The new method uses a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these 
components of net periodic benefit costs. Under this approach, the Company applies discounting using individual spot rates 
from the yield curve composed of the rates of return from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities available at 
the measurement date. These spot rates align to each of the projected benefit obligations and service cost cash flows. 
Historically, the Company estimated the service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate 
derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligations.

The Company made this change to improve the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the 

corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. The 
Company accounted for this change as a change in estimate prospectively starting in 2016. 

Defined Contribution Plans

The Company has a qualified plan that permits participating associates to defer eligible compensation up to the 

maximum limits allowable under the Internal Revenue Code. Beginning January 1, 2014, the Company has a non-qualified 
plan which permits participating associates to defer eligible compensation above the limits of the qualified plan. The 
Company contributes a matching percentage of employee contributions under both the qualified and non-qualified plans. 
Effective January 1, 2014, the Company's matching contribution to the qualified plan was enhanced for all participating 
employees, with limited exceptions. Prior to January 1, 2014, the matching contribution rate under the qualified plan was 
higher for those employees not eligible for the Pension Plan than for employees eligible for the Pension Plan.  

The liability related to the qualified plan matching contribution, which is reflected in accounts payable and accrued 
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $101 million at February 3, 2018 and $102 million January 28, 2017. 
Expense related to matching contributions for the qualified plan amounted to $93 million for 2017, $94 million for 2016 
and $88 million for 2015.   

At February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, the liability under the non-qualified plan, which is reflected in other 

liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $25 million and $20 million, respectively. The liability related to the 
non-qualified plan matching contribution, which is reflected in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets, was $1 million at February 3, 2018 and $2 million at January 28, 2017. Expense related to matching 
contributions for the non-qualified plan amounted to $1 million for 2017 and $2 million for both 2016 and 2015. In 
connection with the non-qualified plan, the Company had mutual fund investments at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 
2017 of $25 million and $20 million, respectively, which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

F-29

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Pension Plan

The following provides a reconciliation of benefit obligations, plan assets, and funded status of the Pension Plan as 

of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017:
 

2017

2016

(millions)

Change in projected benefit obligation

Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year ....................................................... $
Service cost ..............................................................................................................
Interest cost ..............................................................................................................
Actuarial loss............................................................................................................
Benefits paid.............................................................................................................
Projected benefit obligation, end of year .................................................................

Changes in plan assets

Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year.............................................................
Actual return on plan assets .....................................................................................
Company contributions ............................................................................................
Benefits paid.............................................................................................................
Fair value of plan assets, end of year .......................................................................

Funded status at end of year ............................................................................................ $
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at

February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017

3,469
6
104
82
(390)
3,271

3,374
425
—
(390)
3,409
138

Other assets (liabilities)............................................................................................ $

138

$

$

$

3,585
5
108
55
(284)
3,469

3,256
402
—
(284)
3,374
(95)

(95)

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at

February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017

Net actuarial loss ...................................................................................................... $

992

$

1,232

The accumulated benefit obligation for the Pension Plan was $3,268 million as of February 3, 2018 and $3,464 

million as of January 28, 2017.

F-30

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Net pension costs, settlement charges and other amounts recognized in other comprehensive loss for the Pension Plan 

included the following actuarially determined components:
 

Net Periodic Pension Cost

Service cost ....................................................................................... $
Interest cost .......................................................................................
Expected return on assets..................................................................
Amortization of net actuarial loss .....................................................
Amortization of prior service credit..................................................

Settlement charges....................................................................................

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Projected Benefit Obligation

Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss

Net actuarial (gain) loss ....................................................................
Amortization of net actuarial loss .....................................................
Amortization of prior service credit..................................................
Settlement charges ............................................................................

Total recognized ....................................................................................... $

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

$

6
104
(223)
31
—
(82)

89

(120)
(31)
—
(89)
(240)
(233) $

$

5
108
(227)
31
—
(83)

68

(120)
(31)
—
(68)
(219)
(234) $

6
137
(235)
38
—
(54)

—

92
(38)
—
—
54
—

The estimated net actuarial loss for the Pension Plan that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive 

loss into net periodic benefit cost during 2018 is $32 million.

The following weighted average assumptions were used to determine the projected benefit obligations for the 

Pension Plan at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017:
 

Discount rate ........................................................................................................................
Rate of compensation increases...........................................................................................

3.74%
4.00%

4.00%
4.10%

2017

2016

The following weighted average assumptions were used to determine the net periodic pension cost for the Pension 

Plan:
 

Discount rate used to measure service cost........................
Discount rate used to measure interest cost .......................
Expected long-term return on plan assets ..........................
Rate of compensation increases.........................................

2017

3.75% - 4.06%
3.12% - 3.31%
7.00%
4.10%

2016

3.79% - 4.26%
2.96% - 3.30%
7.00%
4.10%

2015

3.55%
3.55%
7.00%
4.10%

The Pension Plan’s assumptions are evaluated annually, and at interim re-measurements if required, and updated as 

necessary.

The discount rate used to determine the present value of the projected benefit obligation for the Pension Plan is based 
on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with various maturities. Each year’s 
expected future benefit payments are discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve rate, thereby 
generating the overall discount rate for the projected benefit obligation.

F-31

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Due to settlement accounting and re-measurements during 2017 and 2016, the discount rate used to measure service 

cost and the discount rate to measure interest cost varied between periods.  The table above shows the range of rates used to 
determine net periodic expense for the Pension Plan.

The Company develops its expected long-term rate of return on plan asset assumption by evaluating input from 
several professional advisors taking into account the asset allocation of the portfolio and long-term asset class return 
expectations, as well as long-term inflation assumptions. Expected returns for each major asset class are considered along 
with their volatility and the expected correlations among them. These expectations are based upon historical relationships 
as well as forecasts of how future returns may vary from historical returns. Returns by asset class and correlations among 
asset classes are combined using the target asset allocation to derive an expected return for the portfolio as a whole. Long-
term historical returns of the portfolio are also considered. Portfolio returns are calculated net of all expenses, therefore, the 
Company also analyzes expected costs and expenses, including investment management fees, administrative expenses, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation premiums and other costs and expenses. As of February 3, 2018, the Company 
lowered the assumed annual long-term rate of return for the Pension Plan's assets from 7.00% to 6.75% based on expected 
future returns on the portfolio of assets.

The assets of the Pension Plan are managed by investment specialists with the primary objectives of payment of 

benefit obligations to Plan participants and an ultimate realization of investment returns over longer periods in excess of 
inflation. The Company employs a total return investment approach whereby a mix of domestic and foreign equity 
securities, fixed income securities and other investments is used to maximize the long-term return on the assets of the 
Pension Plan for a prudent level of risk. Risks are mitigated through asset diversification and the use of multiple investment 
managers. The target allocation for plan assets is currently 30% equity securities, 60% debt securities, 5% real estate and 
5% private equities.

The Company generally employs investment managers to specialize in a specific asset class. These managers are 
chosen and monitored with the assistance of professional advisors, using criteria that include organizational structure, 
investment philosophy, investment process, performance compared to market benchmarks and peer groups.

The Company periodically conducts an analysis of the behavior of the Pension Plan’s assets and liabilities under 
various economic and interest rate scenarios to ensure that the long-term target asset allocation is appropriate given the 
liabilities.

F-32

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The fair values of the Pension Plan assets as of February 3, 2018, excluding interest and dividend receivables and 

pending investment purchases and sales, by asset category are as follows:
 

 

Fair Value Measurements

 
 
Short term investments................................................. $
Money market funds.....................................................
Equity securities:

U.S. stocks.............................................................
U.S. pooled funds..................................................
International pooled funds (a) ........................................

Fixed income securities:

U. S. Treasury bonds.............................................
Other Government bonds ......................................
Agency backed bonds ...........................................
Corporate bonds ....................................................
Mortgage-backed securities ..................................
Asset-backed securities .........................................
Pooled funds..........................................................

Other types of investments:

Total

$

5
35

157
481
447

44
59
13
538
15
6
1,310

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets for

Identical Assets

(Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

(millions)
— $
35

157
481
114

—
—
—
—
—
—
1,310

$

5
—

—
—
—

44
59
13
538
15
6
—

—
—

—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—

Real estate (a).......................................................................
Private equity (a).................................................................
Derivatives in a positive position..........................
Derivatives in a negative position.........................

—
—
—
—
Total.............................................................................. $
—
(a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share as a practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value 
hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in these tables are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the 
fair value of plan assets.

148
183
9
(3)
3,447

—
—
—
—
2,097

—
—
9
(3)
686

$

$

$

F-33

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The fair values of the Pension Plan assets as of January 28, 2017, excluding interest and dividend receivables and 

pending investment purchases and sales, by asset category are as follows:
 

 

Fair Value Measurements

 
 
Short term investments................................................. $
Money market funds.....................................................
Equity securities:

U.S. stocks.............................................................
U.S. pooled funds (a).........................................................
International pooled funds (a) ........................................

Fixed income securities:

U. S. Treasury bonds.............................................
Other Government bonds ......................................
Agency backed bonds ...........................................
Corporate bonds ....................................................
Mortgage-backed securities ..................................
Asset-backed securities .........................................
Pooled funds..........................................................

Other types of investments:

Total

$

14
74

309
654
649

194
40
24
453
85
17
461

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets for

Identical Assets

(Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

(millions)
— $
74

309
446
131

—
—
—
—
—
—
461

$

14
—

—
—
—

194
40
24
453
85
17
—

—
—

—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—

Real estate (a).......................................................................
Private equity (a).................................................................
Derivatives in a positive position..........................
Derivatives in a negative position.........................

—
—
—
—
—
Total.............................................................................. $
(a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share as a practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value 
hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in these tables are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the 
fair value of plan assets.

223
186
13
(19)
3,377

—
—
—
—
1,421

—
—
13
(19)
821

$

$

$

Corporate bonds consist primarily of investment grade bonds of U.S. issuers from diverse industries.

The fair value of certain pooled funds including equity securities, real estate, hedge funds and private equity 

investments represents the reported net asset value of shares or underlying assets of the investment as a practical expedient 
to estimate fair value. International equity pooled funds seek to provide long-term capital growth and income by investing 
in equity securities of non-U.S. companies located both in developed and emerging markets. There are generally no 
redemption restrictions or unfunded commitments related to these equity securities.

F-34

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Real estate investments include several funds which seek risk-adjusted return by providing a stable, income-driven 
rate of return over the long term with high potential for growth of net investment income and appreciation of value. The 
real estate investments are diversified across property types and geographical areas primarily in the United States of 
America. Private equity investments have an objective of realizing aggregate long-term returns in excess of those available 
from investments in the public equity markets. Private equity investments generally consist of limited partnerships in the 
United States of America, Europe and Asia. Private equity and real estate investments are valued using fair values per the 
most recent financial reports provided by the investment sponsor, adjusted as appropriate for any lag between the date of 
the financial reports and the Company’s reporting date. 

Due to the nature of the underlying assets of the real estate and private equity investments, changes in market 

conditions and the economic environment may significantly impact the net asset value of these investments and, 
consequently, the fair value of the Pension Plan’s investments. These investments are redeemable at net asset value to the 
extent provided in the documentation governing the investments. However, these redemption rights may be restricted in 
accordance with the governing documents. Redemption of these investments is subject to restrictions including lock-up 
periods where no redemptions are allowed, restrictions on redemption frequency and advance notice periods for 
redemptions. As of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, certain of these investments are generally subject to lock-up 
periods, ranging from one to ten years, certain of these investments are subject to restrictions on redemption frequency, 
ranging from daily to four times per year, and certain of these investments are subject to advance notice requirements. As 
of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, the Pension Plan had unfunded commitments related to certain of these 
investments totaling $64 million and $72 million, respectively.

The Company does not anticipate making funding contributions to the Pension Plan in 2018.

The following benefit payments are estimated to be paid from the Pension Plan:

 

 
Fiscal year

(millions)

2018.................................................................................................................................... $
2019....................................................................................................................................
2020....................................................................................................................................
2021....................................................................................................................................
2022....................................................................................................................................
2023-2027...........................................................................................................................

335
318
257
247
233
1,045

F-35

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Supplementary Retirement Plan

The following provides a reconciliation of benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status of the supplementary 

retirement plan as of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017:
 

Change in projected benefit obligation

Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year ....................................................... $
Service cost ..............................................................................................................
Interest cost ..............................................................................................................
Actuarial loss............................................................................................................
Benefits paid.............................................................................................................
Projected benefit obligation, end of year .................................................................

Change in plan assets

Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year.............................................................
Company contributions ............................................................................................
Benefits paid.............................................................................................................
Fair value of plan assets, end of year .......................................................................

Funded status at end of year ............................................................................................ $
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at

February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ................................................................. $
Other liabilities.........................................................................................................

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at

February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017

Net actuarial loss ...................................................................................................... $
Prior service cost ......................................................................................................

$

$

2017

2016

(millions)

$

747
—
22
20
(86)
703

—
86
(86)
—

(703) $

(69) $
(634)
(703) $

244
7
251

$

$

823
—
22
26
(124)
747

—
124
(124)
—
(747)

(86)
(661)
(747)

248
8
256

The accumulated benefit obligation for the supplementary retirement plan was $703 million as of February 3, 2018 

and $747 million as of January 28, 2017.

F-36

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Net pension costs, settlement charges and other amounts recognized in other comprehensive loss for the 

supplementary retirement plan included the following actuarially determined components:
 

Net Periodic Pension Cost

Service cost ....................................................................................... $
Interest cost .......................................................................................
Amortization of net actuarial loss .....................................................
Amortization of prior service cost ....................................................

Settlement charges....................................................................................

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Projected Benefit Obligation

Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss

Net actuarial (gain) loss ....................................................................
Prior service cost...............................................................................
Amortization of net actuarial loss .....................................................
Amortization of prior service cost ....................................................
Settlement charges ............................................................................

Total recognized ....................................................................................... $

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

— $
22
8
1
31

16

20
—
(8)
(1)
(16)
(5)
42

$

— $
22
9
—
31

30

26
—
(9)
—
(30)
(13)
48

$

—
31
10
—
41

—

(70)
—
(10)
—
—
(80)
(39)

The estimated net actuarial loss for the supplementary retirement plan that will be amortized from accumulated other 

comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost during 2018 is $9 million.

The following weighted average assumption was used to determine the projected benefit obligations for the 

supplementary retirement plan at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017:
 

Discount rate ........................................................................................................................

2017

3.78%

2016

4.07%

The following weighted average assumption was used to determine net pension costs for the supplementary 

retirement plan:
 

Discount rate used to measure interest cost .......................................

3.10% - 3.26%

2.65% - 3.16%

2017

2016

2015

3.55%

The supplementary retirement plan’s assumptions are evaluated annually, and at interim re-measurements if required, 

and updated as necessary.

The discount rate used to determine the present value of the projected benefit obligation for the supplementary 

retirement plan is based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with various 
maturities. Each year’s expected future benefit payments are discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve 
rate, thereby generating the overall discount rate for the projected benefit obligation.

Due to settlement accounting and re-measurements during 2017 and 2016, the discount rate used to measure interest 

cost varied between periods.  The table above shows the range of rates used to determine net periodic expense for the 
supplementary retirement plan.

F-37

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The following benefit payments are estimated to be funded by the Company and paid from the supplementary 

retirement plan:
 

 
Fiscal year

(millions)

2018.................................................................................................................................... $
2019....................................................................................................................................
2020....................................................................................................................................
2021....................................................................................................................................
2022....................................................................................................................................
2023-2027...........................................................................................................................

69
49
48
49
48
223

10.  Postretirement Health Care and Life Insurance Benefits

In addition to pension and other supplemental benefits, certain retired employees currently are provided with 

specified health care and life insurance benefits. Eligibility requirements for such benefits vary by division and subsidiary, 
but generally state that benefits are available to eligible employees who were hired prior to a certain date and retire after a 
certain age with specified years of service. Certain employees are subject to having such benefits modified or terminated.

In 2016, the Company changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic 

benefit costs for the postretirement obligations.  The new method uses a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these 
components of net periodic benefit costs. Under this approach, the Company applies discounting using individual spot rates 
from the yield curve composed of the rates of return from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities available at 
the measurement date. These spot rates align to each of the accumulated postretirement obligation and service cost cash 
flows. Historically, the Company estimated the service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average 
discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligations.

The Company made this change to improve the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the 

corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. The 
Company accounted for this change as a change in estimate prospectively starting in 2016. 

F-38

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The following provides a reconciliation of benefit obligations, plan assets, and funded status of the postretirement 

obligations as of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017:
 

Change in accumulated postretirement benefit obligation

Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, beginning of year......................... $
Service cost ..............................................................................................................
Interest cost ..............................................................................................................
Plan amendment .......................................................................................................
Actuarial gain ...........................................................................................................
Medicare Part D subsidy ..........................................................................................
Benefits paid.............................................................................................................
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, end of year ...................................

Change in plan assets

Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year.............................................................
Company contributions ............................................................................................
Benefits paid.............................................................................................................
Fair value of plan assets, end of year .......................................................................

Funded status at end of year ............................................................................................ $
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at

February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ................................................................. $
Other liabilities.........................................................................................................

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at

February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017

Net actuarial gain ..................................................................................................... $
Prior service credit ...................................................................................................

$

$

2017

2016

(millions)

$

186
—
5
(10)
(9)
1
(17)
156

—
17
(17)
—

(156) $

(17) $
(139)
(156) $

(35) $
(10)
(45) $

212
—
6
—
(13)
1
(20)
186

—
20
(20)
—
(186)

(18)
(168)
(186)

(31)
—
(31)

F-39

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Net postretirement benefit costs and other amounts recognized in other comprehensive loss included the following 

actuarially determined components:
 

 
Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost

Service cost ....................................................................................... $
Interest cost .......................................................................................
Amortization of net actuarial gain ....................................................
Amortization of prior service cost ....................................................

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Projected Benefit Obligation

Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss

Net actuarial gain ..............................................................................
Amortization of net actuarial gain ....................................................
Prior service credit ............................................................................

Total recognized ....................................................................................... $

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

— $
5
(5)
—
—

(9)
5
(10)
(14)
(14) $

— $
6
(4)
—
2

(13)
4
—
(9)
(7) $

—
8
—
—
8

(22)
—
—
(22)
(14)

The estimated net actuarial gain and prior service credit that will be amortized from accumulated other 

comprehensive loss into net periodic postretirement benefit cost during 2018 is $6 million.

The following weighted average assumption was used to determine the accumulated postretirement benefit 

obligations at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017:
 

Discount rate ........................................................................................................................

2017

3.71%

2016

3.99%

The following weighted average assumption was used to determine the net postretirement benefit costs for the 

postretirement obligations:
 

Discount rate used to measure interest cost .............................................

2017

3.17%

2016

3.14%

2015

3.55%

The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation assumptions are evaluated annually, and at interim re-

measurements if required, and updated as necessary.

The discount rate used to determine the present value of the Company’s accumulated postretirement benefit 

obligations is based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with various 
maturities. Each year’s expected future benefit payments are discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve 
rate, thereby generating the overall discount rate for the accumulated postretirement benefit obligations.

The future medical benefits provided by the Company for certain employees are based on a fixed amount per year of 

service, and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation is not affected by increases in health care costs. However, 
the future medical benefits provided by the Company for certain other employees are affected by increases in health care 
costs.

F-40

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The following provides the assumed health care cost trend rates related to the Company’s accumulated postretirement 

benefit obligations at February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017:
 

2017

2016

Health care cost trend rates assumed for next year ................................................. 5.50% - 10.50% 6.15% - 9.75%
Rates to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline

(the ultimate trend rate)........................................................................................
Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate.....................................................

4.5%
2027

5.0%
2027

The assumed health care cost trend rates have an impact on the amounts reported for the accumulated postretirement 

benefit obligations. A one-percentage-point change in the assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following 
effects:
 

Effect on total of service and interest cost............................................................... $
Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligations ...................................... $

1 – Percentage
Point Increase

1 – Percentage
Point Decrease

(millions)
— $
9
$

—
(8)

The following table reflects the benefit payments estimated to be funded by the Company and paid from the 

accumulated postretirement benefit obligations and estimated federal subsidies expected to be received under the Medicare 
Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003:
 

 
Fiscal Year

Expected
Benefit
Payments

Expected
Federal
Subsidy

(millions)

2018.......................................................................................................................... $
2019..........................................................................................................................
2020..........................................................................................................................
2021..........................................................................................................................
2022..........................................................................................................................
2023-2027.................................................................................................................

$

16
15
14
13
13
52

1
—
—
—
—
1

 

F-41

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

11.  Stock Based Compensation

The following disclosures present the Company’s equity plans on a combined basis. The equity plans are 

administered by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the “CMD 
Committee”). The CMD Committee is authorized to grant options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted 
stock units to officers and key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and to non-employee directors. The equity 
plans are intended to help the Company attract and retain directors, officers, other key executives and employees and is 
also intended to provide incentives and rewards relating to the Company’s business plans to encourage such persons to 
devote themselves to the business of the Company. There have been no grants of stock appreciation rights under the equity 
plans.

Stock option grants have an exercise price at least equal to the market value of the underlying Common Stock on the 
date of grant, have ten-year terms and typically vest ratably over four years of continued employment. Restricted stock and 
time-based restricted stock unit awards generally vest one to four years from the date of grant. Performance-based 
restricted stock units generally are earned based on the attainment of specified goals achieved over the performance period.

As of February 3, 2018, approximately 13 million shares of Common Stock were available for additional grants 

pursuant to the Company’s equity plans. Shares awarded are generally issued from the Company's treasury stock.

Stock-based compensation expense included the following components:

 

Stock options............................................................................................ $
Restricted stock units ...............................................................................

$

2017

2016

(millions)

2015

34
24
58

$

$

43
18
61

$

$

52
13
65

All stock-based compensation expense is recorded in SG&A expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Stock Options

The fair value of stock options granted during 2017, 2016 and 2015 and the weighted average assumptions used to 

estimate the fair value are as follows:
 

Weighted average grant date fair value of stock options

granted during the period...................................................................... $

Dividend yield..........................................................................................
Expected volatility....................................................................................
Risk-free interest rate ...............................................................................
Expected life.............................................................................................

5.84
6.2%
41.8%
1.9%
5.7 years

$

12.14

$

3.8%
42.7%
1.4%
5.7 years

20.78

2.7%
43.3%
1.7%
5.7 years

2017

2016

2015

The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing 

model. The Company estimates the expected volatility and expected option life assumption consistent with ASC Topic 718, 
Compensation – Stock Compensation. The expected volatility of the Company’s Common Stock at the date of grant is 
estimated based on a historic volatility rate and the expected option life is calculated based on historical stock option 
experience as the best estimate of future exercise patterns. The dividend yield assumption is based on historical and 
anticipated dividend payouts. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates consistent with the 
expected life of each stock option grant. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and 
records stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. Compensation expense is 
recorded for all stock options expected to vest based on the amortization of the fair value at the date of grant on a straight-
line basis primarily over the vesting period of the options.

F-42

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 

 

Activity related to stock options for 2017 is as follows:

Weighted
Average
Exercise

Price

Shares

Outstanding, beginning of period .................................
Granted .........................................................................
Canceled or forfeited ....................................................
Exercised.......................................................................
Outstanding, end of period ...........................................
Exercisable, end of period ............................................
Options expected to vest...............................................

(thousands)

 
$
20,478
3,801
$
(3,586) $
(317) $
$
$
$

20,376
12,810
6,305

42.18
26.12
46.46
19.09
38.80
38.38
38.57

Additional information relating to stock options is as follows:

Intrinsic value of options exercised............................................................................ $
Cash received from stock options exercised

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual

Life
(years)

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

(millions)

4.3
8.4

$
$

23
4

2017

2016

$

(millions)
12
35

3
6

$

2015

127
125

As of February 3, 2018, the Company had $44 million of unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested 

stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.2 years.

Restricted Stock Units

The weighted average grant date fair values of performance-based and time-based restricted stock units granted 

during 2017, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:
 

Restricted stock units (performance-based) ............................................. $
Restricted stock units (time-based) ..........................................................

$

27.16
20.75

$

43.72
35.61

61.51
63.71

2017

2016

2015

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the CMD Committee approved awards of performance-based restricted stock units to 

certain senior executives of the Company. Each award reflects a target number of shares (“Target Shares”) that may be 
issued to the award recipient. These awards may be earned upon the completion of three-year performance periods ending 
February 1, 2020, February 2, 2019, and February 3, 2018, respectively. Whether units are earned at the end of the 
performance period will be determined based on the achievement of certain performance objectives over the performance 
period. The performance objectives include achieving a cumulative EBITDA level for the performance period, an EBITDA 
as a percent to sales ratio and a return on invested capital ratio. The performance-based restricted stock units also include a 
performance objective relating to relative total shareholder return (“TSR”).  Relative TSR reflects the change in the value 
of the Company’s Common Stock over the performance period in relation to the change in the value of the Common Stock 
of a twelve-company executive compensation peer group over the performance period, assuming the reinvestment of 
dividends. Depending on the results achieved during the three-year performance periods, the actual number of shares that a 
grant recipient receives at the end of the period may range from 0% to 150% of the Target Shares granted.

F-43

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

The fair value of the Target Shares and restricted stock awards are based on the fair value of the underlying shares on 
the date of grant. The fair value of the portion of the Target Shares that relate to a relative TSR performance objective was 
determined using a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to estimate the total shareholder return ranking of the Company 
among a twelve-company executive compensation peer group over the remaining performance periods. The expected 
volatility of the Company’s Common Stock at the date of grant was estimated based on a historical average volatility rate 
for the approximate three-year performance period. The dividend yield assumption was based on historical and anticipated 
dividend payouts. The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on observed interest rates consistent with the 
approximate three-year performance measurement period.

The fair value of a restricted stock unit award at the grant date is equal to the market price of the Company's 

Common Stock on the grant date. Compensation expense is recorded for all restricted stock unit awards based on the 
amortization of the fair market value at the date of grant over the period the restrictions lapse or over the performance 
period of the performance-based restricted stock units. As of February 3, 2018, the Company had $38 million of 
unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a 
weighted average period of approximately 2.2 years.
 

Activity related to restricted stock units for 2017 is as follows:

 

Nonvested, beginning of period ..................................................................................
Granted – performance-based .....................................................................................
Performance adjustment..............................................................................................
Granted – time-based ..................................................................................................
Forfeited ......................................................................................................................
Vested..........................................................................................................................
Nonvested, end of period ............................................................................................

Weighted
Average

Grant Date
Fair Value

Shares

(thousands)

1,818
971
(312)
1,307
(431)
(196)
3,157

$

$

49.04
27.16
61.51
20.75
40.14
50.32
30.51

Other Information

The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-
Based Payment Accounting, effective January 29, 2017, on a prospective basis. Upon adoption, the Company began to 
recognize, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax benefit or expense, respectively, in its Consolidated 
Statements of Income. For awards that were exercised, vested or expired during 2017, approximately $15 million of 
additional income tax expense associated with net tax deficiencies was recognized. Additionally, these net tax deficiencies 
have been classified as an operating activity along with other income tax cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of 
Cash Flows. 

F-44

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

12.  Shareholders’ Equity

The authorized shares of the Company consist of 125 million shares of preferred stock (“Preferred Stock”), par value 

of $.01 per share, with no shares issued, and 1,000 million shares of Common Stock, par value of $.01 per share, with 
333.6 million shares of Common Stock issued and 304.8 million shares of Common Stock outstanding at February 3, 2018, 
and with 333.6 million shares of Common Stock issued and 304.1 million shares of Common Stock outstanding at 
January 28, 2017 (with shares held in the Company’s treasury being treated as issued, but not outstanding).

The Company retired 8.0 million and 38.0 million shares of Common Stock during 2016 and 2015, respectively. No 

shares of Common Stock were retired during 2017.

 Commencing in January 2000, the Company’s board of directors has from time to time approved authorizations to 

purchase, in the aggregate, up to $18,000 million of Common Stock, which includes the Company's board of directors 
approval of an additional authorization to purchase Common Stock of $1,500 million on February 26, 2016. All 
authorizations are cumulative and do not have an expiration date.  During 2016, the Company purchased approximately 7.9 
million shares of Common Stock under its share repurchase program for a total of $316 million. During 2015, the 
Company purchased approximately 34.8 million shares of Common Stock under its share repurchase program for a total of 
$2,000 million. As of February 3, 2018, $1,716 million of authorization remained unused. The Company may continue or, 
from time to time, suspend repurchases of its shares under its share repurchase program, depending on prevailing market 
conditions, alternative uses of capital and other factors.   

Common Stock

The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a 

vote of shareholders. Subject to preferential rights that may be applicable to any Preferred Stock, holders of Common 
Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors in its discretion, out of 
funds legally available.

Treasury Stock

Treasury stock contains shares repurchased under the share repurchase program, shares repurchased to cover 

employee tax liabilities related to stock plan activity and shares maintained in a trust related to deferred compensation 
plans. Under the deferred compensation plans, shares are maintained in a trust to cover the number estimated to be needed 
for distribution on account of stock credits currently outstanding.

F-45

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Changes in the Company’s Common Stock issued and outstanding, including shares held by the Company’s treasury, 

are as follows:

 

Treasury Stock

 
Balance at January 31, 2015.............
Stock issued under stock plans.........
Stock repurchases

 

Repurchase program .................
Other..........................................

Deferred compensation plan

distributions ..................................
Retirement of common stock ...........
Balance at January 30, 2016.............
Stock issued under stock plans.........
Stock repurchases

Repurchase program .................
Other..........................................

Deferred compensation plan

distributions ..................................
Retirement of common stock ...........
Balance at January 28, 2017.............
Stock issued under stock plans.........
Stock repurchases

Other..........................................

Deferred compensation plan

distributions ..................................
Balance at February 3, 2018.............

Common

Stock
Issued

 

379,606

(38,000)
341,606

(8,000)
333,606

333,606

Deferred

Compensation

Plans

Other

(thousands)

 

Total

 

Common

Stock

Outstanding

(1,179)
(60)

69

(1,170)
(87)

161

(1,096)
(119)

269
(946)

(37,853)
4,493

(34,807)
(13)

38,000
(30,180)
1,612

(7,874)
(5)

8,000
(28,447)
590

(38)

(27,895)

(39,032)
4,433

(34,807)
(13)

69
38,000
(31,350)
1,525

(7,874)
(5)

161
8,000
(29,543)
471

(38)

269
(28,841)

340,574
4,433

(34,807)
(13)

69
—
310,256
1,525

(7,874)
(5)

161
—
304,063
471

(38)

269
304,765

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

For the Company, the only component of accumulated other comprehensive loss for 2017, 2016 and 2015 relates to 

post employment and postretirement plan items. The net actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs and credits 
related to post employment and postretirement benefit plans are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss 
and included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (income) and are included in SG&A expenses in the 
Consolidated Statements of Income.  In addition, the Company incurred the pro-rata recognition of net actuarial losses 
associated with an increase in lump sum distributions associated with store closings, a voluntary separation program, 
organizational restructuring, and periodic distribution activity as settlement charges in the Consolidated Statements of 
Income.  See Note 9, "Retirement Plans," and Note 10, "Postretirement Health Care and Life Insurance Benefits," for 
further information. 

F-46

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

13.  Fair Value Measurements and Concentrations of Credit Risk

The following table shows the Company’s financial assets that are required to be measured at fair value on a 

recurring basis, by level within the hierarchy as defined by applicable accounting standards:
 

 
 

February 3, 2018
Fair Value Measurements

January 28, 2017
Fair Value Measurements

Total

 
 
Marketable
equity and
debt securities....... $117

Quoted Prices

in Active

Markets for
Identical 
Assets
(Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

Total

(millions)

Quoted Prices

in Active

Markets for
Identical 
Assets
(Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

$

25

$

92

$

— $112

$

20

$

92

$

—

Other financial instruments not measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents, 

receivables, certain-short term investments and other assets, short-term debt, merchandise accounts payable, accounts 
payable and accrued liabilities and long-term debt. With the exception of long-term debt, the carrying amount approximates 
fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. The fair values of long-term debt, excluding capitalized 
leases, are generally estimated based on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments, and are classified as 
Level 2 measurements within the hierarchy as defined by applicable accounting standards.

The following table shows the estimated fair value of the Company’s long-term debt, excluding capital leases and 

other obligations:
 

 

 
 
Long-term debt ...................................................... $

February 3, 2018

January 28, 2017

Carrying
Amount

Fair
Value

Notional
Amount

Carrying
Amount

Fair
Value

Notional
Amount

5,806

$

5,835

$

(millions)
$

5,751

6,459

$

6,535

$

6,438

The following table shows certain of the Company’s long-lived assets, which includes tangible and intangible assets, 

that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during 2017 and 2016:
 

 
 

February 3, 2018
Fair Value Measurements

January 28, 2017
Fair Value Measurements

 
 
Long-lived assets ..... $ 24

Total

Quoted Prices

in Active

Markets for
Identical 
Assets
(Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

Total

Quoted Prices

in Active

Markets for
Identical 
Assets
(Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

$

— $

— $

(millions)
24

$147

$

— $

— $

147

During 2017, long-lived assets with a carrying value of $77 million were written down to their fair value of $24 

million, resulting in asset impairment charges of $53 million. During 2016, long-lived assets with a carrying value of $405 
million were written down to their fair value of $147 million, resulting in asset impairment charges of $258 million. The 
fair values of these assets were calculated based on the projected cash flows and an estimated risk-adjusted rate of return 
that would be used by market participants in valuing these assets or prices of similar assets.

 In connection with the May 30, 2016 annual impairment test of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite 

lives, the Company recognized approximately $7 million of asset impairment charges in relation to indefinite lived 

F-47

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

tradenames. The fair values of these tradenames were calculated based on the projected cash flows and an estimated risk-
adjusted rate of return that would be used by market participants in valuing these assets or prices of similar assets and are 
classified as Level 3 measurements within the hierarchy as defined by applicable accounting standards. 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of 
temporary cash investments. The Company places its temporary cash investments in what it believes to be high credit 
quality financial instruments.
 
14.  Earnings Per Share Attributable to Macy's, Inc. Shareholders

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to Macy's, Inc. 

shareholders:
 

 

2017

2016

2015

Net

Income

 

Shares

Net

 

Income
Shares
(millions, except per share data)

Net

Income

 

Shares

 
 
Net income attributable to 
Macy's, Inc. shareholders
    and average number of 

shares outstanding ................. $ 1,547

304.5

$

619

307.6

$ 1,072

Shares to be issued under
deferred compensation
and other plans.......................

Basic earnings per share
attributable to Macy's,
Inc. shareholders...............

Effect of dilutive securities:
Stock options, restricted

stock and restricted
stock units .........................

Diluted earnings per share

attributable to Macy's,
Inc. shareholders...............

$ 1,547

0.9
305.4

$

619

0.9
308.5

$ 1,072

$ 5.07

$ 2.01

$ 3.26

$ 1,547

1.4
306.8

$

619

2.3
310.8

$ 1,072

$ 5.04

$ 1.99

$ 3.22

327.6

0.8
328.4

4.6
333.0

In addition to the stock options and restricted stock units reflected in the foregoing table, stock options to purchase 

16.6 million shares of Common Stock and restricted stock units relating to 0.9 million shares of Common Stock were 
outstanding at February 3, 2018, stock options to purchase 15.5 million of shares of Common Stock and restricted stock 
units relating to 1.1 million shares of Common Stock were outstanding at January 28, 2017, and stock options to purchase 
12.6 million of shares of Common Stock and restricted stock units relating to 140,000 shares of Common Stock were 
outstanding at January 30, 2016, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share attributable to 
Macy's, Inc. shareholders for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, because their inclusion would have been antidilutive or 
they were subject to performance conditions that had not been met.

F-48

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

15.  Quarterly Results (unaudited)

Unaudited quarterly results for the last two years were as follows:

 

2017:

Net sales................................................................. $
Cost of sales...........................................................
Gross margin..........................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses........
Gains on sale of real estate ....................................
Restructuring, impairment, store closing and

other costs ..........................................................
Settlement charges.................................................
Net income attributable to Macy's, Inc.

shareholders .......................................................

Basic earnings per share attributable to  
    Macy's, Inc. shareholders ..................................
Diluted earnings per share attributable to 
    Macy's, Inc. shareholders ..................................

2016:

Net sales................................................................. $
Cost of sales...........................................................
Gross margin..........................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses........
Gains on sale of real estate ....................................
Impairment, store closing and other costs .............
Settlement charges.................................................
Net income attributable to Macy's, Inc.

shareholders .......................................................

Basic earnings per share attributable to  
    Macy's, Inc. shareholders ..................................
Diluted earnings per share attributable to
    Macy's, Inc. shareholders ..................................

First

Quarter

Second
Quarter

Third
Quarter

(millions, except per share data)

Fourth
Quarter

$

5,338
(3,306)
2,032
(1,880)
68

$

5,552
(3,313)
2,239
(1,977)
43

$

5,281
(3,175)
2,106
(1,995)
65

—
—

71

.23

.23

$

5,771
(3,516)
2,255
(1,980)
14
—
(13)

116

.37

.37

—
(51)

116

.38

.38

$

5,866
(3,468)
2,398
(2,047)
21
(249)
(6)

11

.03

.03

(33)
(22)

36

.12

.12

$

5,626
(3,386)
2,240
(2,112)
41
—
(62)

17

.05

.05

8,666
(5,358)
3,308
(2,279)
368

(152)
(32)

1,325

4.34

4.31

8,515
(5,251)
3,264
(2,335)
133
(230)
(17)

475

1.56

1.54

Note: Annual results may not equal the sum of the quarterly results for the respective periods due to rounding conventions.

16.  Condensed Consolidating Financial Information

Certain debt obligations of the Company described in Note 6, "Financing," which constitute debt obligations of 

Parent’s 100%-owned subsidiary, Macy’s Retail Holdings, Inc. (“Subsidiary Issuer”), are fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed by Parent. In the following condensed consolidating financial statements, “Other Subsidiaries” includes all 
other direct subsidiaries of Parent, including Bluemercury, Inc., FDS Bank, West 34th Street Insurance Company New 
York, Macy's Merchandising Corporation, Macy’s Merchandising Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries Macy's Merchandising 
Group (Hong Kong) Limited, Macy's Merchandising Group Procurement, LLC, Macy’s Merchandising Group 
International, LLC, Macy's Merchandising Group International (Hong Kong) Limited, and its majority-owned subsidiary 
Macy's China Limited. “Subsidiary Issuer” includes operating divisions and non-guarantor subsidiaries of the Subsidiary 
Issuer on an equity basis. The assets and liabilities and results of operations of the non-guarantor subsidiaries of the 
Subsidiary Issuer are also reflected in “Other Subsidiaries.”

F-49

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income for 2017, 2016 and 2015, Consolidating Balance 
Sheets as of February 3, 2018 and January 28, 2017, and the related Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
for 2017, 2016, and 2015 are presented on the following pages.

F-50

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income

For 2017 
(millions)

 

Net sales................................................................ $
Cost of sales..........................................................
Gross margin.........................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses .......
Gains on sale of real estate ...................................
Restructuring, impairment, store closing and

other costs .........................................................
Settlement charges................................................
Operating income..................................................
Interest (expense) income, net:

External..........................................................
Intercompany.................................................
Net premiums on early retirement of debt............
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries.........................
Income before income taxes .................................
Federal, state and local income

tax benefit (expense) .........................................
Net income............................................................
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest.....
Net income attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders.................................. $
Comprehensive income ........................................ $
Comprehensive loss attributable to 

noncontrolling interest ......................................

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

— $
—
—
—
—

—
—
—

—
—
—
1,555
1,555

(8)
1,547
—

1,547
1,719

$
$

—

9,441
(6,101)
3,340
(3,386)
201

(40)
(35)
80

(313)
(139)
10
767
405

350
755
—

755
915

—

Other

Subsidiaries
$
23,264
(16,919)
6,345
(4,745)
343

(146)
(70)
1,727

3
139
—
—
1,869

(313)
1,556
11

Consolidating
Adjustments
$

(7,868) $
7,868
—
—
—

Consolidated
24,837
(15,152)
9,685
(8,131)
544

—
—
—

—
—
—
(2,322)
(2,322)

—
(2,322)
—

(186)
(105)
1,807

(310)
—
10
—
1,507

29
1,536
11

1,547
1,708

11

$
$

1,567
1,668

$
$

(2,322) $
(2,594) $

11

—

Comprehensive income attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders.................................. $

1,719

$

915

$

1,679

$

(2,594) $

1,719

F-51

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income

For 2016 
(millions)

 

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

Net sales................................................................ $
Cost of sales..........................................................
Gross margin.........................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses .......
Gains on sale of real estate ...................................
Impairment, store closing and other costs ............
Settlement charges................................................
Operating income (loss)........................................
Interest (expense) income, net:

— $
—
—
(2)
—
—
—
(2)

External..........................................................
Intercompany.................................................
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries.........................
Income (loss) before income taxes .......................
Federal, state and local income

tax benefit (expense) .........................................
Net income (loss)..................................................
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest.....
Net income (loss) attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders.................................. $
Comprehensive income (loss)............................... $
Comprehensive loss attributable to

noncontrolling interest ......................................

2
—
619
619

—
619
—

619
766

—

Other

Subsidiaries
$
23,436
(17,169)
6,267
(4,638)
114
(184)
(64)
1,495

1
200
—
1,696

(622)
1,074
8

10,677
(6,787)
3,890
(3,834)
95
(295)
(34)
(178)

(366)
(200)
255
(489)

281
(208)
—

Consolidating
Adjustments
$

(8,335) $
8,335
—
—
—
—
—
—

Consolidated
25,778
(15,621)
10,157
(8,474)
209
(479)
(98)
1,315

—
—
(874)
(874)

—
(874)
—

(363)
—
—
952

(341)
611
8

619
758

8

766

$
$

(208) $
(61) $

1,082
1,153

$
$

(874) $
(1,100) $

—

8

—

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders.................................. $

766

$

(61) $

1,161

$

(1,100) $

F-52

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income

For 2015 
(millions)

 

Net sales................................................................ $
Cost of sales..........................................................
Gross margin.........................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses .......
Gains on sale of real estate ...................................
Impairment, store closing and other costs ............
Operating income (loss)........................................
Interest (expense) income, net:

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

— $
—
—
(2)
—
—
(2)

11,959
(7,670)
4,289
(4,090)
110
(170)
139

Other

Subsidiaries
$
24,037
(17,743)
6,294
(4,376)
102
(118)
1,902

Consolidating
Adjustments
$

(8,917) $
8,917
—
—
—
—
—

Consolidated
27,079
(16,496)
10,583
(8,468)
212
(288)
2,039

External..........................................................
Intercompany.................................................
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries.........................
Income (loss) before income taxes .......................
Federal, state and local income

tax benefit (expense) .........................................
Net income............................................................
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest.....
Net income attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders.................................. $
Comprehensive income ........................................ $
Comprehensive loss attributable to

noncontrolling interest ......................................

1
—
1,072
1,071

1
1,072
—

1,072
1,101

—

$
$

(361)
(230)
421
(31)

120
89
—

89
118

—

(1)
230
—
2,131

(729)
1,402
2

—
—
(1,493)
(1,493)

—
(1,493)
—

$
$

1,404
1,415

$
$

(1,493) $
(1,535) $

2

—

(361)
—
—
1,678

(608)
1,070
2

1,072
1,099

2

Comprehensive income attributable to

Macy's, Inc. shareholders.................................. $

1,101

$

118

$

1,417

$

(1,535) $

1,101

F-53

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet

As of February 3, 2018 

(millions)

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

Other

Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Consolidated

 

ASSETS:

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents...................... $
Receivables.............................................
Merchandise inventories ........................
Prepaid expenses and other current

assets...................................................
Total Current Assets......................
Property and Equipment – net .......................
Goodwill........................................................
Other Intangible Assets – net.........................
Other Assets...................................................
Deferred Income Taxes..................................
Intercompany Receivable ..............................
Investment in Subsidiaries.............................

Total Assets................................... $

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY:

Current Liabilities:

Short-term debt....................................... $
Merchandise accounts payable...............
Accounts payable and accrued

liabilities .............................................
Income taxes...........................................
Total Current Liabilities................
Long-Term Debt............................................
Intercompany Payable ...................................
Deferred Income Taxes..................................
Other Liabilities.............................................
Shareholders’ Equity:

Macy's, Inc. ............................................
Noncontrolling Interest ..........................
Total Shareholders’ Equity............
Total Liabilities and

Shareholders’ Equity ................. $

1,109
—
—

—
1,109
—
—
—
1
11
884
3,960
5,965

$

$

— $
—

159
113
272
—
—
—
20

5,673
—
5,673

$

$

$

58
85
2,344

103
2,590
3,349
3,315
44
89
—
—
4,061
13,448

6
653

948
30
1,637
5,844
3,266
541
430

1,730
—
1,730

$

$

$

288
278
2,834

345
3,745
3,323
582
444
790
—
2,382
—
11,266

16
937

2,060
153
3,166
17
—
592
1,212

6,291
(12)
6,279

— $
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
(11)
(3,266)
(8,021)
(11,298) $

— $
—

—
—
—
—
(3,266)
(11)
—

(8,021)
—
(8,021)

1,455
363
5,178

448
7,444
6,672
3,897
488
880
—
—
—
19,381

22
1,590

3,167
296
5,075
5,861
—
1,122
1,662

5,673
(12)
5,661

5,965

$

13,448

$

11,266

$

(11,298) $

19,381

F-54

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet

As of January 28, 2017 

(millions)

 

ASSETS:

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents...................... $
Receivables.............................................
Merchandise inventories ........................
Prepaid expenses and other current

assets...................................................
Income taxes...........................................
Total Current Assets......................
Property and Equipment – net .......................
Goodwill........................................................
Other Intangible Assets – net.........................
Other Assets...................................................
Deferred Income Taxes..................................
Intercompany Receivable ..............................
Investment in Subsidiaries.............................

Total Assets................................... $

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY:

Current Liabilities:

Short-term debt....................................... $
Merchandise accounts payable...............
Accounts payable and accrued

liabilities .............................................
Income taxes...........................................
Total Current Liabilities................
Long-Term Debt............................................
Intercompany Payable ...................................
Deferred Income Taxes..................................
Other Liabilities.............................................
Shareholders’ Equity: ....................................
Macy's, Inc. ............................................
Noncontrolling Interest ..........................
Total Shareholders’ Equity ............
Total Liabilities and

Shareholders’ Equity ................. $

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

Other

Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Consolidated

938
—
—

—
—
938
—
—
—
—
26
375
3,137
4,476

$

$

— $
—

16
71
87
—
—
—
66

4,323
—
4,323

$

$

$

81
169
2,565

84
—
2,899
3,583
3,315
51
47
—
—
3,540
13,435

306
590

1,064
16
1,976
6,544
2,989
688
500

738
—
738

$

$

$

278
353
2,834

324
—
3,789
3,434
582
447
766
—
2,614
—
11,632

3
833

2,483
265
3,584
18
—
781
1,311

5,939
(1)
5,938

— $
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(26)
(2,989)
(6,677)
(9,692) $

— $
—

—
—
—
—
(2,989)
(26)
—

(6,677)
—
(6,677)

1,297
522
5,399

408
—
7,626
7,017
3,897
498
813
—
—
—
19,851

309
1,423

3,563
352
5,647
6,562
—
1,443
1,877

4,323
(1)
4,322

4,476

$

13,435

$

11,632

$

(9,692) $

19,851

F-55

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

For 2017 
(millions)

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income....................................................... $
Restructuring, impairment, store closing and

other costs.....................................................
Settlement charges ...........................................
Gains on sale of real estate...............................
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries....................
Dividends received from subsidiaries..............
Depreciation and amortization.........................
(Increase) decrease in working capital.............
Other, net..........................................................

Net cash provided by

operating activities ................................

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment and

capitalized software, net...............................
Other, net..........................................................
Net cash used by investing activities........

Cash flows from financing activities:

Debt repaid.......................................................
Dividends paid .................................................
Issuance of common stock, net of common

stock acquired...............................................
Proceeds from noncontrolling interest.............
Intercompany activity, net................................
Other, net..........................................................

Net cash used by

 financing activities ...............................

Net increase (decrease) in cash

and cash equivalents..........................................

Cash and cash equivalents at

beginning of period ...........................................

Cash and cash equivalents at

end of period ..................................................... $

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

Other

Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Consolidated

1,547

$

755

$

1,556

$

(2,322) $

1,536

40
35
(201)
(767)
450
354
344
(261)

749

(118)
(15)
(133)

(953)
—

—
—
412
(98)

(639)

(23)

81

58

146
70
(343)
—
—
637
(188)
(239)

1,639

(231)
(9)
(240)

(1)
(1,353)

—
13
15
(63)

—
—
—
2,322
(1,353)
—
—
—

(1,353)

—
—
—

—
1,353

—
—
—
—

186
105
(544)
—
—
991
196
(526)

1,944

(349)
(24)
(373)

(954)
(461)

5
13
—
(16)

(1,389)

1,353

(1,413)

10

278

—

—

$

288

$

— $

158

1,297

1,455

—
—
—
(1,555)
903
—
40
(26)

909

—
—
—

—
(461)

5
—
(427)
145

(738)

171

938

1,109

$

F-56

 

 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

For 2016 
(millions)

 

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

Other

Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Consolidated

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss)........................................... $
Impairments, store closing and other costs....
Settlement charges.........................................
Gains on sale of real estate ............................
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries..................
Dividends received from subsidiaries ...........
Depreciation and amortization ......................
(Increase) decrease in working capital ..........
Other, net .......................................................

Net cash provided by

operating activities ................................

Cash flows from investing activities:

Disposition (purchase) of property and

equipment and capitalized software, net....
Other, net .......................................................

Net cash provided (used) by

investing activities ..............................

Cash flows from financing activities:

Debt repaid ....................................................
Dividends paid...............................................
Common stock acquired, net of

issuance of common stock .........................
Proceeds from noncontrolling interest...........
Intercompany activity, net .............................
Other, net .......................................................
Net cash used by financing activities .....

Net increase (decrease) in

cash and cash equivalents .................................

Cash and cash equivalents at

beginning of period ...........................................

Cash and cash equivalents at

end of period ..................................................... $

1,074
184
64
(114)
—
—
651
227
(265)

1,821

(252)
20

(232)

(1)
(1,532)

—
6
(110)
49
(1,588)

1

277

$

(874) $

—
—
—
874
(1,532)
—
—
—

(1,532)

—
—

—

—
1,532

—
—
—
—
1,532

—

—

611
479
98
(209)
—
—
1,058
(36)
(200)

1,801

(239)
52

(187)

(751)
(459)

(280)
6
—
58
(1,426)

188

1,109

1,297

$

278

$

— $

$

619
—
—
—
(619)
957
—
110
28

(208) $
295
34
(95)
(255)
575
407
(373)
37

1,095

417

13
32

45

(750)
—

—
—
254
24
(472)

(10)

91

81

—
—

—

—
(459)

(280)
—
(144)
(15)
(898)

197

741

938

$

F-57

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)

MACY’S, INC.

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

For 2015 
(millions)

 

Parent

Subsidiary

Issuer

Other

Subsidiaries

Consolidating
Adjustments

Consolidated

89
170
(110)
(421)
—
440
(211)
(97)

(140)

(180)
83

(97)

348
—

—
—
(151)
37

234

(3)

94

91

$

1,402
118
(102)
—
—
621
50
18

2,107

(729)
(266)

(995)

(1)
(1,086)

—
5
139
(136)

$

(1,493) $

—
—
1,493
(1,086)
—
—
—

(1,086)

—
—

—

—
1,086

—
—
—
—

(1,079)

1,086

33

244

—

—

$

277

$

— $

1,070
288
(212)
—
—
1,061
(136)
(87)

1,984

(909)
(183)

(1,092)

347
(456)

(1,838)
5
—
(87)

(2,029)

(1,137)

2,246

1,109

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income..................................................... $
Impairments, store closing and other costs....
Gains on sale of real estate ............................
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries..................
Dividends received from subsidiaries ...........
Depreciation and amortization ......................
(Increase) decrease in working capital ..........
Other, net .......................................................

Net cash provided (used) by

operating activities..............................

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment and

capitalized software, net.............................
Other, net .......................................................

Net cash used by

investing activities ..............................

Cash flows from financing activities:

Debt issued, net of debt repaid ......................
Dividends paid...............................................
Common stock acquired, net of

issuance of common stock .........................
Proceeds from noncontrolling interest...........
Intercompany activity, net .............................
Other, net .......................................................

Net cash provided (used) by

financing activities..............................

Net increase (decrease) in cash

and cash equivalents..........................................

Cash and cash equivalents at

beginning of period ...........................................

Cash and cash equivalents at

end of period ..................................................... $

$

1,072
—
—
(1,072)
1,086
—
25
(8)

1,103

—
—

—

—
(456)

(1,838)
—
12
12

(2,270)

(1,167)

1,908

741

$

F-58

Macy’s, the largest retail brand of Macy’s, Inc., serves customers coast-to-coast and internationally through approximately 650 stores, 
online at macys.com and through the Macy’s shopping app for mobile devices. Established in 1858, Macy’s is an iconic brand, 
delivering fashion and affordable luxury through powerful assortments of the best brands. Clearly, Macy’s is distinctly different from 
other major retailers. Our experience transcends ordinary shopping with special events and unforgettable experiences, including the 
Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade and holiday traditions; engaging customer service; and giving programs that make a difference in our 
communities. It’s all part of the excitement that we’ve been creating for 160 years. 

Bluemercury is an iconic luxury beauty retailer which joined 
Macy’s, Inc. through acquisition in 2015. Through 137 specialty 
stores, 20 stores within Macy’s, and online at bluemercury.com, 
Bluemercury is widely recognized as the nation’s largest and 
fastest-growing luxury beauty products and spa retail chain. 
Bluemercury offers a unique shopping experience where clients 
receive unparalleled technical product knowledge, expert advice 
and friendly service. In addition to skincare, makeup, haircare  
and fragrance products, clients can be pampered by skincare 
experts in Bluemercury spas. The spas are home to the ultimate 
results-oriented treatments, including world-renowned oxygen 
facials, glycolic peels, waxing and microdermabrasion. 

Bloomingdale’s is America’s only nationwide, full-line, upscale 
department store and is widely recognized for its originality, 
innovation and fashion leadership. It is a contemporary and  
“of the moment” brand with an omnichannel approach focused  
on providing a seamless customer experience from in-store to 
online. Bloomingdale’s is truly “Like no other store in the world” 
(the brand’s famous tagline) and is a leading attraction for 
domestic and international tourists. The brand operates 38  
stores, bloomingdales.com and 17 Bloomingdale’s The Outlet 
locations. Bloomingdale’s stores in Dubai and Kuwait are  
operated under license agreements with Al Tayer Insignia,  
a company of Al Tayer Group LLC.

 MACY’S, INC. 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  3

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

PAUL C. VARGA 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer 
Brown-Forman Corporation

MARNA C. WHITTINGTON
Former Chief Executive Officer 
Allianz Global Investors Capital  
and Lead Independent Director

FRANCIS S. BLAKE
Former Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer  
The Home Depot

JOHN A. BRYANT
Former Chairman, President  
and Chief Executive Officer 
Kellogg Company

DEIRDRE P. CONNELLY
Former President 
North American Pharmaceuticals 
GlaxoSmithKline

JEFF GENNETTE
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer  
Macy’s, Inc.

LESLIE D. HALE
Chief Operating Officer 
Chief Financial Officer  
and Executive Vice President 
RLJ Lodging Trust

WILLIAM H. LENEHAN
President and  
Chief Executive Officer 
Four Corners Property Trust, Inc.

SARA LEVINSON
Co-Founder and Director 
Katapult

JOYCE M. ROCHÉ
Former President and  
Chief Executive Officer 
Girls Incorporated

EXECUTIVE  

MANAGEMENT TEAM

JEFF GENNETTE
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer

HAL LAWTON
President

KAREN M. HOGUET
Chief Financial Officer

ROBERT B. HARRISON
Chief Operations Officer

CHERYL HEINONEN
Executive Vice President, 
Corporate Communications

JEFFREY A. KANTOR
Chief Merchandising Officer

ELISA D. GARCIA
Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

DANIELLE KIRGAN
Chief Human Resources Officer

JOHN HARPER
Chief Stores Officer

RICHARD LENNOX
Chief Marketing Officer

JUSTIN MACFARLANE
Chief Strategy, Analytics  
and Innovation Officer

JILL RAMSEY
Chief Product and Digital  
Revenue Officer

TONY SPRING
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer, 
Bloomingdale’s

4  |  MACY’S, INC. 2017 ANNUAL REPORT

SHAREHOLDER  

INFORMATION

MACY’S, INC. SHARES
Macy’s, Inc. 
c/o Computershare 
Shareowner Services 
P.O. Box 505000 
Louisville, KY 40233-5000

1-866-337-3311 
(Inside the United States and Canada)

1-201-680-6578 
(Outside the United States and Canada)

For the hearing impaired 
1-800-231-5469 (TDD)

computershare.com/investor

CONTACT US:
macysinc.com/IR

Sign up to have Macy’s, Inc.’s news  
releases sent to you via email by subscribing  
to News Direct.

Get the latest stock price and chart, or  
take advantage of the historical price  
look-up feature.

CALL:
Macy’s, Inc. Investor Relations Department 
1-513-579-7028

Macy’s, Inc. News &  
Information Request Hotline  
1-800-261-5385

WRITE:
Macy’s, Inc. – Investor Relations Department 
7 West Seventh Street 
Cincinnati, OH 45202

Email: Investors@macys.com

 MACY’S, INC. 2017 ANNUAL REPORT  |  5

macysinc.com

macys.com

bloomingdales.com

bluemercury.com

