 

April 12, 2018 

 

Valued shareholders: 

Just over 50 years ago, in an unassuming small town in southwestern Pennsylvania, an 
enterprising McDonald’s franchisee named Jim Delligatti served the very first of what would 
become one of the world’s most recognised, beloved and delicious hamburgers. 

The Big Mac remains far more than a great tasting sandwich. It’s an iconic example of the 
delicious food that brings millions of guests to our restaurants all over the world.  

Marking its 50th anniversary this year, the Big Mac also is an enduring symbol of the insatiable 
passion of our franchisees, suppliers and employees for continuously innovating and bringing 
new tastes and improved experiences to our customers. 

We are building on our heritage as we all rally together to create a better McDonald’s.  

2017 performance highlights 

2017 was a year of very strong performance and great progress. Indeed, I’m pleased to report 
that we successfully completed our transition from turnaround to growth. 

We succeeded in building momentum across our business. Comparable sales growth of 5.3 
percent in 2017 was the best we’ve seen in six years. Additionally, comparable sales were 
positive across each of our operating segments.  

We entered 2017 with the guiding priority of serving more customers more often, and we did just 
that. In fact, we grew guest counts each quarter, ending the year with 1.9 percent growth, our 
best performance since 2012.  

Customers from Miami to Milan to Melbourne are rewarding us with more visits. In my travels 
this past year to markets around the globe, I heard from our people and customers alike that our 
actions are making a difference. With their business, customers are showing us they appreciate 
the changes we are making in serving them great tasting meals, providing an inviting and 
friendly experience, and offering more choice in how they order, pay and are served their 
delicious food.  

We made significant progress with other actions to strengthen our business. We have 
committed to getting more of our restaurants in the hands of our franchisees and developmental 
licensee strategic partners. This contributes to our success and growth by allowing us to tap into 
their entrepreneurial spirit, as well as their deep connections with the communities we serve.  

 

We made significant advances with our franchising strategy in 2017, reaching our target of 
refranchising 4,000 restaurants a full year ahead of our initial timeline.  

Velocity Growth Plan 

In March 2017, we introduced the Velocity Growth Plan, our strategy for driving long-term, 
sustainable growth.  

Our fundamental day-to-day responsibility is running great restaurants, and this serves as the 
foundation of our Velocity strategy. 

The building blocks of the plan direct our focus to retaining customers who enjoy visiting us 
regularly today, regaining those who are visiting a little less than they used to and converting 
customers from casual consumers into committed McDonald’s customers. 

The progress we are making is the result of our work in improving the taste and quality of our 
food, offering compelling value, enhancing hospitality and convenience, and expanding our 
menu to satisfy our customers’ cravings. 

Delivery, Digital and Experience of the Future  

Delivery, Digital and Experience of the Future are the three growth accelerators within the 
Velocity plan, and they illustrate how we are moving with greater speed and agility to meet the 
rising expectations of today’s customers.  

We are making it easier for our customers to enjoy their favourite food from McDonald’s with 
greater flexibility and choice in how they order, pay and are served their hot fries, burgers and 
beverages.  

In 2017, we went from piloting delivery in 200 restaurants throughout Florida to rolling out 
delivery in 7,000 restaurants across 21 different countries. Combined with the McDonald’s 
restaurants in Asia and the Middle East that have offered delivery for many years, delivery is 
now available from more than 10,000 restaurants, greater than one-in-four of all McDonald’s 
restaurants worldwide. 

Our customers are telling us how much they appreciate the convenience of their favourite food 
delivered right to their home, college dorm or office. Satisfaction scores are high, and we are 
seeing solid repeat orders.  

More and more, digitally savvy customers also expect to engage with brands through their 
mobile phones. In the U.S. alone, we now have over 20 million registered users of the 
McDonald’s global mobile app. We are well positioned to capitalise on that user base. I’m proud 
of our team’s work that brought Mobile Order & Pay to 20,000 restaurants around the world in 
just over 10 months last year. 

Customers at thousands of our restaurants are appreciating a more enjoyable, personalised and 
seamless experience. We’ll continue introducing these improvements to thousands more 
restaurants as we scale the Experience of the Future platform, with enhancements such as 
digital menu boards, self-order kiosks, greater hospitality and a modernised look. Guest 
Experience Leaders began welcoming and offering a little extra hospitality to McDonald’s 
customers in Canada, and this successful practice is spreading to many more markets. 

 

These enhancements are improving customer perceptions of McDonald’s, and adding 
momentum to our business as customers from Canada to Poland to Italy visit more often and 
boost our sales. 

Here is one of many comments from our customers: “This location has the new electronic order 
kiosks! My daughter and I had fun customizing our orders. Our order was brought to our table 
by a nice young man and everything was correctly made!!” 

Building brand excitement in 2018 

The year ahead brings new opportunities to build on our momentum and growing excitement 
around the McDonald’s brand. 

We’ll continue aggressive execution of our growth plan, expanding our Velocity Accelerators to 
new restaurants and markets this year and taking actions so these initiatives drive sales and 
customer visits to McDonald’s. 

For our customers to feel good about visiting McDonald’s, we know they need to feel good 
about our food, our company and the impact we have on the world. We are committed to 
honouring the trust they place in us as we use our scale for good. 

We’ve announced a series of commitments, including our work to advance beef sustainability, 
new progressive goals to improve our packaging, reduce waste and recycle more, and our 
commitment to families that will result in further nutritional improvements to Happy Meal menus. 
We also made a commitment to address the challenge of global climate change, and we will 
continue to share additional bold moves we are making to invest in our people. 

This month, we’ll bring together nearly 15,000 McDonald’s franchisees, suppliers and 
employees at our Worldwide Convention in Orlando. This is an opportunity to celebrate the 
progress we have made over the past few years and unite in reaching for new opportunities to 
continue improving the choice, value and hospitality McDonald’s provides to customers the 
world over. 

In May, we’ll move into our new headquarters in Chicago’s vibrant West Loop. This will be a 
significant milestone in the continuing evolution of our culture. With its dynamic design, our new 
building will make it easier for our teams to collaborate, and we’ll be closer to our customers, 
competitors and the trends that will shape our future. 

We also are transforming our flagship downtown Chicago restaurant. When it reopens later this 
year, the modern design will blend the latest technology and décor inside with opportunities to 
enjoy a McDonald’s meal while sitting in an outdoor plaza with beautiful greenspaces. 

And, of course, throughout the year we’ll celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Big Mac with the 
millions of fans around the world who remain so passionate about the iconic sandwich. 

With as much progress as we’ve made, we are still driven by a restless energy. We’re inspired 
to stretch for even more, demonstrating our leadership in the operations excellence of running 
great restaurants and innovation that satisfies consumers today and tomorrow. 

Thank you for your confidence and support as we continue our journey of becoming a better 
McDonald’s.  

 

Steve Easterbrook 
President and CEO 

 

Forward-Looking Statements  

The information in this letter contains forward-looking statements about future events and 
circumstances. They reflect our expectations, are not guarantees of performance and speak 
only as of the date of this letter. Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update them. 
Our expectations (or the underlying assumptions) may change or not be realized, and you 
should not rely unduly on forward-looking statements. Our business results are subject to a 
variety of risks, including those that are described in our filings with the SEC, including our Form 
10-K for the year ending on December 31, 2017. If any of these considerations or risks 
materialize, our expectations may change and our performance may be adversely affected. 

