april 2017

dear fellow shareholders,

2016 demonstrated that we have the right business mix, risk profile, and size and scale to 
drive Morgan Stanley’s future success through market cycles. Our financial performance 
has steadily improved, and we are moving in the right direction. While there is more work 
to be done to achieve our goals, we approach 2017 with more confidence than at any time 
over the past 10 years.

Our long-term strategy of building a diversified business model that combines the engine 
of a world-class institutional franchise with the ballast of a leading wealth management 
organization and an investment management business was realized in 2016, as our net 
revenues were split almost evenly between this engine and ballast. Together with our 
fortified balance sheet and strong capital levels, this business mix will carry our strategy 
forward over the next several years.

Our financial performance in 2016 improved over the previous year. On nearly flat 
net revenues, we grew our pre-tax profit* by nearly $1 billion. Our return on equity* 
demonstrated progress towards our 2017 target of 9% to 11%, but we need to continue to 
execute on our strategic initiatives this year to get there. We are well positioned to grow 
net revenues in 2017, which, on a reduced cost base, should produce greater profitability. 
That being said, we intend to remain extremely disciplined in our execution, especially 
with regard to expense management.

While the immediate macro environment is generally more positive in the United States 
compared to a year ago, we live in uncertain times. In the U.S., the prospects of domestic 
policy changes are prompting expectations of faster growth and rising interest rates, at 

* pre-tax profit and roe are non-gaap financial measures which exclude debt valuation adjustment

larry lettera / camera 1

james p. gorman
chairman & ceo

least for now, and outweighing concerns 
about policies that could be more disruptive 
to international economic flows. As the 
regulatory landscape for the industry has 
evolved continuously over the last several 
years, we have adapted our business model 
and have learned to be nimble in responding 
to changes. We are confident in our ability to 
adapt to any further modifications under the 
new Administration. We continue to make 
investments in Asia, and we believe that  
most European economies have bottomed.  
It goes without saying that political and 
economic risks continue, and could disrupt 
this environment.

Our strong culture is a critical ingredient in driving our enduring performance. Our 
employees are proud to work here, and our culture underpins our focus on serving clients 
while managing the Firm’s resources diligently. We are developing the next generation 
of leadership, cross-pollinating key executives throughout our major businesses to create 
a greater focus on collaboration and delivering the entire Firm for the benefit of our 
clients. Whatever uncertainties may manifest in the macro environment, the culture and 
talent in the Firm make us confident about our position and our ability to deliver higher 
performance in the years to come.

executing our strategic priorities  
and generating higher returns

As we do each year, the Board of Directors and executive management have evaluated 
our strategy and refined our goals and priorities to ensure we are working for the long-
term benefit of our shareholders. We articulate this strategy and vision at the beginning 
of each year and report our progress against them so that our shareholders can hold us 
accountable. As we work towards achieving sustained higher returns, let me review our 
performance and priorities going forward.

Our Wealth Management business is poised for further growth, and we are focused on 
increasing our pre-tax earnings. In 2016 our full-year profit margin† was 22%, despite 
headwinds from muted retail investor engagement and sustained low interest rates. 
Assuming constructive markets, we have targeted a profit margin of 23% to 25% by 2017. 
The expected rate increases in 2017 and 2018 by the Federal Reserve, combined with a 
more positive investor sentiment, lead us to believe there is real upside to this business 
over the next several years. Complementing these exogenous growth drivers, we have built 

winning in the marketplace 
2016 highlights 
•   No. 1 in Equity Sales & Trading revenue  

wallet share1

•    No. 2 Advisor on global announced mergers 

and acquisitions2

•    No. 2 Underwriter of global equity offerings2

•   No. 2 Underwriter of global initial  

public offerings2

•   No. 1 in managed accounts, with  

$877.1 billion in assets3

•   No. 1 in Barron’s Top 100 Financial 

Advisors, with 35 listings

our U.S. bank infrastructure to offer a robust suite 
of cash management products to attract a greater 
share of client deposits and support high-quality 
lending to drive Firm interest income growth, which 
increased 20% over the course of 2016. Our ongoing 
investments in digital technology also support 
growth. We continually modernize our systems to 
provide our financial advisors and clients with access 
to the digital tools and analytics they need to manage 
their assets and wealth, and to build over time 
the capability to service individuals who are more 
focused on a full digital relationship.

Our world-class Investment Banking franchise 
consistently ranks in the top two of the global league 
tables in advising on mergers and acquisitions and 
underwriting initial public offerings, and 2016 was 

no exception. However, the year was challenging for the equity underwriting market, since 
volatility and idiosyncratic risk events kept many would-be issuers on the sidelines. We  
are optimistic that this market will see a normalization of volumes in 2017, allowing us  
to capitalize on our strong competitive position.

We unified our Sales & Trading franchise under one leadership team in the fall of 2015, 
and now are managing Sales & Trading holistically, aiming to optimize resources, talent, 
capital and technology. Our Equity Sales & Trading business finished the year No. 1 
globally in net revenues for the third year in a row, continuing to offer clients expertise 

† profit margin is a non-gaap financial measure; profit before tax as a percentage of net revenues
1  source: competitor earnings reports 
2 source: thomson reuters
3 source: cerulli associates

across a broad range of products in markets worldwide. We are deepening our relationships 
in Prime Brokerage, providing content, capital and execution in flow trading, and 
investing in our Asia franchise. Our goal is to maintain leadership across regions while 
profitably growing wallet share. The meaningful restructuring of our Fixed Income Sales 
& Trading business made at the end of 2015 was consistent with our objective to have a 
credible and critically sized business with capital and resources appropriate to the market 
opportunities. The results so far have been encouraging, and in 2016 we exceeded our goal 
of average quarterly net revenues of at least $1 billion. Should the expectations of rising 
interest rates, more active macro markets and vibrant corporate activity play out, we expect 
to participate in the growing revenue pool while maintaining our lower cost base.

Our Investment Management business, with over $400 billion in assets under 
management, has world-class expertise across a number of asset classes. Throughout the 
year, we undertook an organizational realignment to unify the business, rationalize costs 
and take better advantage of the Firm’s distribution 
and origination platforms. While we experienced 
lower revenue from investments in 2016, our 
management fees were stable and we demonstrated 
strong momentum in fundraising across a number of 
funds, launched new products, and strengthened the 
management team. I am confident that the business 
will move forward on a more stable footing, and we 
will continue to see opportunities for growth in the 
medium to long term.

executing our strategy 
2016 highlights
•   22.4% pre-tax margin1 in Wealth 

•   Combined U.S. bank subsidiary assets 

increased to $180.7 billion

Management 

client assets

•   $2.1 trillion in Wealth Management  

•   Average quarterly revenue in excess of  
$1 billion in Fixed Income Sales & Trading 
with reduced resources

•   Equity Sales & Trading revenue wallet share 

of 20.2% increased 197 bps over 20152

•   74.5% firmwide expense efficiency ratio3

•   50% increase in return of capital to  

$4.8 billion

Technology continues to reshape our business. 
Over the next few years, the strategic challenges 
and opportunities we will face will almost all derive 
from technological change. We are continually 
strengthening our defenses to protect our data and 
our client assets from cybertheft and unauthorized 
access. We expect to take advantage of technology  
to improve our operations and processes, making  

1  non-gaap financial measure; profit before tax as a percentage of net revenues
2 source: competitor earnings reports 
3 total non-interest expense as a percentage of net revenues

us more efficient in how we use resources. And we will continue to invest in 
technology to meet the increasing expectations of our clients for state-of-the-art digital 
platforms — whether it is the rapidly evolving electronic trading systems in our Fixed 
Income business or the enhanced online experience offered to our Wealth Management 
clients. We must constantly evaluate and embrace emerging technologies that have the 

fortifying capital and enhancing liquidity 
2016 highlights 
•   Common equity tier 1 capital ratio advanced 
(transitional) of 16.9% as of 4Q 2016, with  
$68.5 billion in common equity

•   $202.3 billion global liquidity reserve as  

of 4Q 2016

power to transform the financial industry landscape. 
Long-term winners will be those able to adapt and 
use technology to their competitive benefit, and  
we are deeply focused on these efforts.

On the expense side, we remain vigilant and are 
on course to deliver our targeted $1 billion of cost 
reductions in 2017 through Project Streamline. 
On relatively flat annual net revenues in 2016, we 
reduced non-compensation expenses significantly. We 
also continued to exercise discipline on compensation 

and will continue to meet or exceed the targets we have set for compensation as a 
percentage of revenue. Project Streamline’s expense initiatives have yielded meaningful 
results to date and their broad-based nature has created a more expense-focused culture 
across the Firm. We expect to achieve our 2017 expense efficiency ratio target of 74% 
based on this continued discipline in managing our expenses.

Critical to meeting our performance goals is returning excess capital to shareholders. Our 
total capital return in 2016 was $4.8 billion, an increase of 50% from the prior year. We 
believe we are sufficiently capitalized for our business mix, size and risk profile. Significant 
return of capital, subject to regulatory approval, will remain our focus, and combined with 
our strategic initiatives to grow profits, should drive our return on equity* to the 9% to 
11% range we have targeted by 2017.

talent and leadership

Our future success will spring from the deep bench of talent and leadership at this Firm 
and the culture and values we bring to work every day. It takes much more than one 

* roe target is a non-gaap financial measure which excludes debt valuation adjustment

person to run a firm of this size, and we have a wealth of very senior and experienced 
executives, battle-hardened by the events of recent years.

In 2016 we elevated Colm Kelleher to President of Morgan Stanley, leading both 
Institutional Securities and Wealth Management. He is uniquely equipped to take on 
this responsibility given his leadership and commitment to our culture. He is the most 
experienced markets professional in our Firm and a true partner to me. His elevation to 
President has freed me to focus more on the future strategic direction of the business. 
Under his leadership, we are advancing collaboration across all of our businesses, and  
he is working closely with me to further develop our senior talent.

We have an obligation to our shareholders to develop the next generation of leaders, 
something that takes many years to do. We will continue to develop and nurture the talent 
required to guide us forward. Across our key business areas, we have put in place strong 
leaders to carry forward this Firm over the next decade. Ted Pick is leading our Sales & 
Trading franchise where we are growing wallet share. Mark Eichorn and Franck Petitgas 
are leading our world-class investment banking businesses. Shelley O’Connor and Andy 
Saperstein are leading our wealth management franchise, which manages over $2.1 trillion 
in assets for clients. Dan Simkowitz is leading our investment management business and 
positioning it for growth. Robert Rooney heads our international businesses and has added 
Technology to his responsibilities. Jonathan Pruzan serves as our Chief Financial Officer, 
Eric Grossman as our Chief Legal Officer, and Keishi Hotsuki as our Chief Risk Officer.  
I have great confidence in this team and other senior leaders, and we are well positioned 
for the years ahead.

our strategy
what we do 
Advise, originate, trade, manage and distribute  
capital for governments, institutions and individuals, 
and always do so with a standard of excellence. 

how we do it 
Execute in a way that is consistent with our values  
and, whenever possible, deliver more than one  
part of the Firm. 

with what result 
Deliver strong returns for our shareholders,  
build long-term value for our clients and offer highly  
attractive career opportunities for our employees.

our core values

Since our founding in 1935, Morgan Stanley has pledged to do first-class business in a first-class way.  
Underpinning all that we do are four core values.

putting clients first 
Always keep the client’s interest first. Work with  
colleagues to deliver the best of the Firm to every  
client. Listen to what the client is saying and needs.

leading with exceptional ideas 
Win by breaking new ground. Let the facts and different 
points of view broaden your perspective. Be vigilant 
about what we can do better.

doing the right thing 
Act with integrity. Think like an owner to create long-
term shareholder value. Value and reward honesty, 
collegiality and character.

giving back 
Be generous with your expertise, your time and your 
money. Invest in the future of our communities and  
our Firm. Mentor our next generation.

looking ahead

We have the right business model in place and the leadership team to guide us forward. 
Across the Firm we are focused on executing our strategic goals successfully. We will 
continue to make the investments required to be competitive in the marketplace so that 
we generate consistent and sustainable growth. We have a talented workforce and a culture 
that focuses on delivering for our clients. I am proud of our 55,000 employees and want to 
thank them for their hard work and commitment. They live our values every day, making 
the right decisions on behalf of our clients and the Firm.

Thank you for your continued confidence and investment in Morgan Stanley. I am 
optimistic about our future and confident in our ability to deliver lasting value to  
our shareholders. 
 

 
james p. gorman 
chairman and chief executive officer 
april 7, 201 7

© 2017 Morgan Stanley

