A Letter from the 
President and Chief  Executive Officer

To Our Shareholders:
In 2017, many of the world’s largest marketers and best known brands underwent 
major changes in response to rapid advances in technology, new disruptive 
competitors, and changing consumer behavior. These conditions presented both 
opportunities and challenges for our agencies as our clients sought to leverage the 
agility and speed of the digital social world, where data and consumer insights are 
becoming the new currency of business and hyper-connectivity is even more critical. 

Against this backdrop, I am pleased to report we achieved our internal organic 
growth and margin targets for the year, and continued to win the highest level of 
industry recognition for the creativity and effectiveness of our work. 

We achieved these results by growing our strong base of talented people worldwide, 
investing in technology and analytics, as well as increasingly differentiating our 
ability to deliver custom, integrated solutions that drive business growth for our 
clients and their brands. 

The true test of a successfully run business is its ability to adapt to changes in 
the market, navigate twists and turns in the road, and deliver through economic 
cycles – an ability Omnicom and its agencies have demonstrated more than 
three decades.

Our people can take pride in these accomplishments. The talents of our people 
around the world and the great work they do every day are what drive such terrific 
results for our clients and our shareholders.
Performance Overview
Strong performance across the group, in terms of the quality of our work and the 
thinking we deliver to clients, drove results that allowed us to achieve the financial 
goals we set at the beginning of the year.

Our organic revenue growth of 3% was at the top end of our industry. We grew 
organically in every region of the world with broad participation across our 
agencies, disciplines and client sectors. 

We achieved revenues of $15.3 billion, a decrease of less than one percent versus 
2016. That figure factors in the impact of dispositions, which offset strategic 
acquititions and reduced revenue by about $650 million. On the bottom line, 
excluding the impact of the tax charge resulting from the enactment of tax 
reform in the U.S, we delivered earnings of $5.10 per share, an increase of 6.7% 
versus 2016.

In 2017, we also remained focused on executing our plan to increase efficiencies 
and deliver margin improvement. As a result, our EBITA margin increased 
40 basis points to 14.2%. We have made good progress on delivering cost 
improvements by leveraging our scale in real estate, information technology, back 
office accounting services, and procurement. These initiatives will continue. 

Clients are placing an 
increasing focus on 
our ability, working 
across disciplines, to 
help them transform 
their businesses with 
customers at the center.

Our performance demonstrates the strength, diversity, and stability of our 
business. This performance allowed us to continue to invest in our talent, fund 
the development of new capabilities and tools, and make several acquisitions while 
returning almost $1.1 billion in cash to shareholders through both dividends and 
net share repurchases.  Moreover, in 2017 we increased our quarterly dividend by 
nine percent to 60 cents per share.

As our clients continue to evolve their businesses to address advances in 
technology and changing consumer behavior, we remain optimistic that our 
strategies will allow us to capture an increasing share of our client’s marketing 
spend, as well as win new business.

Strategic Direction
It was another great year to be in our industry, especially if you embrace change. 
The pace of change is faster and the magnitude of change is greater than ever 
before. Marketers are being challenged to keep pace and to adapt to fierce 
competition and changing consumer behavior. To stay ahead of the competition, 
our clients – more than ever before – need a valued partner to help solve business 
problems and grow their businesses through the lens of marketing. 

As a result, clients are placing an increasing focus on our ability, working across 
disciplines, to help them transform their businesses by putting their customers 
at the center. Unlike consulting or tech firms, marketing agencies have always 
brought deep consumer insights to our clients. We are now taking these core 
competencies to the next level as we work to deliver strong creative messaging 
that speaks to individual consumers. This personalization at scale will provide 
enormous value to our clients’ businesses while driving measurable growth. 

Our success is grounded in our steady focus on key strategic objectives that have 
served the group well: 

•  We will continue to hire and develop the best talent in the industry;

•  We will be relentless in pursuing growth by servicing and expanding our 

offerings to our existing clients and winning new business;

•  We will continue to pursue high growth areas and opportunities through 

internal investments and acquisitions; and

•  We will remain vigilant on driving efficiencies throughout our organization, 

increasing EBITA and shareholder value.

These areas of focus, combined with our world-class agency brands and deep client 
relationships, are keeping Omnicom ahead of the competition in the shifting 
marketing landscape.

While our strategies help keep us ahead of the competition, it is the intangibles 
such as creativity, flexibility, and caring that are common values shared across 
Omnicom. This strong culture supports everything we do for our clients, our 
colleagues, and the communities we share.

Innovation and Connectivity
Omnicom has several of the most iconic agencies in our industry, including 
names such as BBDO, DDB, TBWA and many more. We have grown by 
allowing the distinct cultures of our agencies to flourish independently, and that 
will continue.

We are dedicated to 
making Omnicom a 
place where people 
can build their careers 
placing considerable 
effort on training to aide 
in succession planning 
and advancement.

However, our clients are increasingly telling us they want to take advantage of 
the full scale and capabilities of Omnicom to receive tailor-made, integrated 
communications services across the entire consumer journey. I am happy to report 
that our agencies are embracing this as a “new normal” and working together 
in a connected way that forms a tightly integrated offer, with media and data in 
lockstep alongside creative and strategy.

Simply put, our clients value the advantages of an agency model that puts their 
consumers at the center and is both agile and flexible across disciplines. In 
response to clients needs, we continue to simplify our best-in-class service offerings 
through our Matrix organizational approach with our Global Client Leader Group 
and with the establishment of Practice Areas. 

In fact, we had notable success winning big pitches last year when we presented 
integrated offerings that focused on our clients’ consumers. We were able to grow 
our business with some of the world’s top marketers – names that include HP, 
McDonald’s, BMW, and State Farm. Most of these wins are a direct result of the 
organizational changes, top talent, and strategic investments in data and analytics 
that we have made over the past couple of years. 

We also continued to strengthen our service offerings by creating Practice Areas. 
This approach has been very successful, to date, and is largely completed. We 
now have Practice Areas established for Healthcare, Public Relations, Precision 
Marketing, National Brand Advertising, Experiential, Specialty Marketing, Brand 
Consulting, and our global Advertising Agency Networks. 

With strong leadership in each of these Practice Areas, we can: strengthen our new 
business development efforts; ensure our client teams consist of the best talent 
to address their business issues; better target our internal investments; improve 
expertise and knowledge sharing across the management teams; and create more 
career opportunities for our people.

The demands of clients, consumers and new technologies are pushing agencies 
to work faster. Our new organizational structure is designed to deliver more 
innovation, ideas, and growth in a nimble and flexible fashion so we can adjust 
quickly as our clients’ needs change. 
Unsurpassed Talent 
As a shareholder, you know that Omnicom has a deep and longstanding commitment 
to developing our people. We have been dedicated to making our organization a place 
where people can build their careers. To accomplish this, we have placed considerable 
effort on training to aide in succession planning and advancement.

A great example is when we were developing our Practice Area Groups, we tapped 
a long-time Omnicom employee, Karen Van Bergen, to lead Omnicom Public 
Relations Group. Previously, Karen was the CEO of Porter Novelli, as well as a 
Senior Partner at FleishmanHillard. More recently, Charles Trevail, CEO of our 
agency C-Space, became the new CEO of Interbrand. Charles joined Omnicom in 
2012 and has a proven track record of building brands. 

We also strive to create a diverse and inclusive workforce that looks like the 
businesses, people and consumers we work with. In addition to Karen van Bergen, 
Wendy Clark was promoted to President and CEO of DDB Worldwide effective 
January 2018. Wendy’s experience running DDB North America coupled with her 
unmatched marketing expertise made this a seamless leadership transition that will 
build upon DDB’s well-established capabilities and reputation in the business. We 
also named Barri Rafferty CEO of Ketchum, making her the first female CEO to 
lead a top five global PR Agency and promoted Kirsten Flanik to President and 

At Cannes Lions, over 
152 Omnicom agencies 
won nearly 360 Lions. 
BBDO won Network 
of the Year, Clemenger 
BBDO won Agency 
of the Year, and OMD 
was recognized as Media 
Network of the Year.

At the Festival of Media 
Awards, Omnicom 
Media Group was Media 
Group of the Year, PHD 
was named Agency 
Network of the Year, 
Touché! PHD Canada 
was awarded Agency of 
the Year. 

Omnicom swept 
Campaign Magazine’s 
2017 Agency of the 
Year Awards with 
BBDO winning 
Network of the Year 
and adam&eveDDB 
picking up Agency of 
the Year for the fourth-
consecutive year.

TBWA was named the 
Dubai Lynx Network of 
the Year.

CEO of BBDO New York. In 2017, we continued our commitment to education 
and training, from basic skills training all the way through to the advanced 
programs of Omnicom University. 

For 23 years now, Omnicom University has built the leadership muscle of our 
most senior leaders by using Omnicom cases to address real industry challenges 
and opportunities in our rapidly changing business. We have placed thousands of 
students through Omnicom University programs and have written hundreds of 
Omnicom "real world" cases.  

In addition to Omnicom University, we have many different training and 
development programs in place within our Practice Area Groups and across our 
networks. These programs ensure the people in our agencies continue to learn and 
advance their skills. In today’s battle for talent, this is not a “nice to have” but a 
“strategic imperative.”

Our dedication to hiring the best people in the business and staying current 
through education and training was recognized by the industry. 

Our success reflects our outstanding creativity and talent. I want to congratulate 
our people on their efforts and accomplishments.

Enhancing Our Agency Portfolio
In 2017, we continued to make selective investments and acquisitions to expand 
our capabilities and geographic presence to serve our clients’ needs when and 
where they need them. 

Earlier in the year, TBWA acquired a majority stake in Lucky Generals.  Lucky 
Generals is considered one of the most creative and innovative agencies in the 
U.K. and it has also made its mark in North America. Earlier in the year, they 
were the first non-U.S. agency to win USA Today’s annual Super Bowl Ad Meter 
for their Amazon Alexa campaign. The agency is completely aligned with TBWA’s 
culture as creativity and disruption are in their DNA. TBWA also acquired Mobile 
Strategy in the Netherlands, a digital agency specializing in mobile e-commerce, 
engagement and loyalty.

In New Zealand, Clemenger BBDO acquired Perceptive Group, an agency 
that specializes in customer experience, insight-led strategy and data-driven 
decision-making.

Omnicom Health Group recently acquired Snow Companies. Based in Virginia, 
the agency specializes in direct-to-patient communications, and research for major 
pharmaceutical and biotech companies around the world.

Lastly, we expanded our third media network, Hearts & Science, in several 
markets including Germany, UK, Mexico, Dubai, and Japan. 

Looking ahead, we will continue to invest in our agencies, as well as remain focused 
on expanding our service capabilities and strengthening our geographic footprint. 

Corporate Social Citizenship
At Omnicom, diversity, community engagement, and environmental stewardship 
have always been important values.  In 2017, we are excited to report that we 
enhanced our commitment to corporate social responsibility in a number of visible 
and noteworthy ways and made great strides towards our goal of doing well by 
doing good. 

Inclusion does not 
happen by accident. 
You have to build it 
into your company 
from the ground up. 

Our Board Leadership: In 2015, we undertook a Board Refreshment 
initiative that has led to a number of meaningful steps, including expanding 
the responsibilities of our Lead Independent Director, adopting a mandatory 
retirement age for Board members, and bringing greater diversity into the Board 
and committee leadership.

At our May shareholder meeting, Bruce Crawford will step down as 
Chairman.  Bruce has been a remarkable leader within Omnicom starting his 
career at BBDO in 1977, taking over as President and CEO of Omnicom 
in 1989, and then transitioning into the role of Chairman in 1997. I would 
like to extend my gratitude to Bruce for his wisdom, guidance and numerous 
contributions to both the Board of Directors and to me, personally, over the 
past three decades.

Long-serving Board members Jack Purcell and Reg Murphy will also be stepping 
down from the Board in May. We would like to recognize both Jack and Reg 
and extend our thanks for their outstanding leadership, dedication and loyalty to 
Omnicom over the years.

In the past year, we also welcomed two new independent directors - Gracia 
Martore (2017) and Ronnie Hawkins (2018). Ms. Martore was recently the 
President and CEO of TEGNA, formerly known as Gannett and Co. Mr. 
Hawkins is Managing Director, Head of International Investments and a member 
of the Investment Committee of EIG Global Energy Partners.

Following these changes and the anticipated approval of our shareholders at 
our Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 22nd, Omnicom’s Board will have 
11 directors, with ten independent members, including six women and four 
African Americans.

These changes strengthen Omnicom’s governance structure and demonstrate 
our commitment to onboarding exceptional candidates who bring a wealth of 
experience and diverse points of view.

Diversity: People drive our business success. Whether they are pitching new 
business, helping to create powerful brands, designing interactive web experiences 
or planning multi-platform media campaigns, we support them with a diverse, 
inclusive environment that nurtures their creative energy. That means diversity in 
backgrounds, race, gender, age, and experience. 

Inclusion does not happen by accident. You have to build it into your 
company from the ground up. Which is why we have numerous diversity 
professionals embedded throughout our networks and agencies, responding 
to the needs of their team members, as well as connecting and collaborating 
across our organizations. 

As an international company, we have a global vision with a local focus. In 
2017, Omnicom UK fortified its commitment to diversity and inclusion 
through the formation of OPEN UK (Omnicom People Engagement Network) 
aimed at providing support and fostering engaging work environments for 
underrepresented groups. In addition, OPEN Pride, our employee resource group 
dedicated to Omnicom’s LGBTQ community and its allies, launched global 
chapters in Greater China (Hong Kong and Shanghai), London, Manila, New 
York City and Mumbai and represented Omnicom in its first-ever New York City 
Pride March. 

Omniwomen, Omnicom’s professional women’s network, continues to benefit 
from a groundswell of support adding new global chapters in France, Germany, 
United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Canada in 2017. 

For the second year in a row, we are proud to announce we received a perfect score 
of 100% on the 2018 Corporate Equality Index (CEI), designating us as a "Best 
Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality."

In 2017, our work garnered top honors in the American Advertising Federation’s 
(AAF) 2018 Mosaic Awards, which celebrates companies and agencies whose 
commitment to diversity and inclusion is evident through their creative work and 
organization-wide initiatives. BBDO’s commercial for Procter & Gamble, “The 
Talk,” won a Mosaic Media Image Award for Advocacy while Alma DDB was 
honored for their workforce inclusion program designed for McDonald’s.

Environment: Climate change and resource scarcity are challenges we all must 
address. Our environmental impact comes mainly from office energy use and 
business travel. We are optimizing the footprint of our facilities by consolidating 
space where possible and managing our business travel more efficiently. As an 
Omnicom shareholder, you will be pleased to know we reduced our overall carbon 
emissions by 11% through a reduction in air travel, automobile usage, and the use 
of fuel oil and natural gas.

Supporting United Nations Sustainable Development Goal #4: Since June 
2017, Omnicom agencies across the world have partnered with Girl Effect and 
Theirworld, two leading NGO’s focused on SDG #4, Education. We are committed 
to using the creativity, innovation and power of our people to help achieve the goal 
of inclusive and quality education for all and promote lifelong learning.
Our Journey Continues
As I travel around the world, I am proud to hear our clients tell us it was the 
quality of our people, their ability to garner consumer insights from our data and 
analytics platforms, and an organizational culture of creativity and connectivity 
that sets us apart from the competition.

Omnicom is adapting and changing to meet our clients’ needs as they transform 
their organizations to remain relevant in the modern marketing world. We are 
navigating through this cycle and, as always, our agencies are embracing "a new 
way of working" and our financial performance continues to reflect the excellence 
of our people. 

I want to recognize and thank the more than 77,000 people at our agencies 
for their world-class integrated campaigns, outstanding client service and new 
business wins, and the great work that enabled us to deliver these results. I also 
want to thank you, our investors, for your trust and support.

Sincerely,

John D. Wren 
President & Chief Executive Officer

