Parker Hannifin Corporation
6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141
216 896 3000 www.parker.com

BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS

THOMAS L. WILLIAMS 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Parker-Hannifin Corporation

LEE C. BANKS  
President and Chief Operating Officer
Parker-Hannifin Corporation

ROBERT G. BOHN  
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Oshkosh Corporation (specialty vehicles)

LINDA S. HARTY 
Former Treasurer
Medtronic plc (medical technology)

ROBERT J. KOHLHEPP* 
Former Chairman
Cintas Corporation (uniform rental)

KEVIN A. LOBO  
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
and President
Stryker Corporation (medical technologies)

KLAUS-PETER MÜLLER*  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Commerzbank AG (international banking)

CANDY M. OBOURN  
Chairman
Isoflux Incorporated (coatings technologies)

JOSEPH SCAMINACE  
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
OM Group, Inc. (metal-based specialty 
chemicals)

WOLFGANG R. SCHMITT*  
Former Chief Executive Officer
Trends 2 Innovation (strategic growth 
consultants)

ÅKE SVENSSON 
Chairman 
Swedavia AB (transport infrastructure)

JAMES R. VERRIER  
Former President, Chief Executive Officer 
and Director
BorgWarner Inc. (powertrain solutions)

JAMES L. WAINSCOTT  
Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
and President
AK Steel Holding Corporation (steel producer)

*  Retired from the Board of Directors as of 
  October 24, 2018.

EXECUTIVE 
MANAGEMENT

THOMAS L. WILLIAMS 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

LEE C. BANKS 
President and Chief Operating Officer

CATHERINE A. SUEVER 
Executive Vice President - Finance & 
Administration and Chief Financial Officer

MARK J. HART
Executive Vice President - Human Resources 
and External Affairs

WILLIAM “SKIP” BOWMAN
Vice President and President - 
Instrumentation Group

ROBIN J. DAVENPORT 
Vice President - Corporate Finance
 
WILLIAM G. ELINE 
Vice President - Chief Information Officer

THOMAS C. GENTILE 
Vice President - Global Supply Chain 

JOACHIM GUHE 
President - Europe, Middle East and Africa 
(EMEA) Group 

KURT A. KELLER 
Vice President 

TODD M. LEOMBRUNO 
Vice President and Controller

JOSEPH R. LEONTI 
Vice President, General Counsel 
and Secretary

CANDIDO LIMA 
President - Latin America Group

ROBERT W. MALONE 
Vice President and President - 
Filtration Group

M. CRAIG MAXWELL 
Vice President - Chief Technology 
and Innovation Officer

MICHAEL J. O’HARA 
Vice President - Global Sales and Marketing

JENNIFER A. PARMENTIER 
Vice President and President -
Engineered Materials Group

ANDREW D. ROSS 
Vice President and President - 
Fluid Connectors Group

ROGER S. SHERRARD 
Vice President and President - 
Aerospace Group

MICHAEL WEE 
President - Asia Pacific Group

ANDREW M. WEEKS 
Vice President and President - 
Motion Systems Group

INVESTOR 
INFORMATION
ANNUAL MEETING 
The 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
will be held on Wednesday, October 24, 2018, 
at Parker-Hannifin Global Headquarters, 
6035 Parkland Blvd., Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141, 
at 9:00 a.m. EDT.

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING FIRM 
Deloitte & Touche, LLP, Cleveland, Ohio

TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR 
Equiniti Trust Company 
EQ Shareowner Services 
P.O. Box 64854 
St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0854 
Telephone 800 468 9716
www.shareowneronline.com

STOCK INFORMATION 
New York Stock Exchange 
Ticker symbol: PH 
www.phstock.com

PARKER CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
6035 Parkland Boulevard 
Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141 
216 896 3000 

INVESTOR CONTACT
ROBIN J. DAVENPORT 
Vice President - Corporate Finance
216 896 2265
rjdavenport@parker.com

Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return*

Among Parker-Hanniﬁn Corporation, the S&P 500 Index and the
S&P Industrials Index

Parker-Hannifin Corporation
S&P 500
S&P Industrials

 

6/13 
 

6/14 

6/15 

6/16 

 

6/17 

6/18

$250

200

150

100

50
 

2013 

 
 
Parker-Hanniﬁn Corporation   100.00 
S&P 500 
100.00 
S&P Industrials 
100.00 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018

133.96 
124.61 
128.58 

126.37 
133.86 
131.62 

120.22 
139.20 
140.89 

181.16 
164.11 
172.26 

179.50
187.70
181.46

*$100 invested on 6/30/13 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.
  Fiscal year ending June 30. 

Copyright© 2018 Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.

PARKER
HANNIFIN
ANNUAL
REPORT

8
1
0
2

FISCAL YEAR 2018

RECORDS

#1 Motion & Control Company

Billion

OPERATING MARGIN

$14.3 TOTAL NET SALES
15.7%TOTAL SEGMENT 
$7.83 EARNINGS PER SHARE
$1.6 CASH FLOW FROM 

OPERATIONS

Billion

Product Groups

Motion Systems

Key Markets
Agriculture 
Construction 
Distribution 
General machinery
Machine tool 
Marine 
Material handling
Military
Mining
Oil & gas
Power generation
Semiconductor 
Transportation
Truck & bus
Turf

© 2018 PARKER HANNIFIN CORPORATION     

Aerospace

Fluid Connectors

Instrumentation

Filtration

Engineered Materials

Key Markets 
Aftermarket services
Commercial transports
Engines
General & business aviation
Helicopters
Military aircraft 
Missiles
Power generation
Regional transports
Unmanned aerial vehicles

Key Products 
Control actuation systems & 
components
Engine systems & components
Fluid conveyance systems & 
components
Fluid metering, delivery & atomization 
devices
Fuel systems & components
Fuel tank inerting systems
Hydraulic systems & components
Lubrication components
Pneumatic control components
Power conditioning & management 
systems
Thermal management
Wheels & brakes

Key Markets 
Aerial lift
Agriculture
Bulk chemical handling
Construction
Food & beverage
Fuel & gas delivery
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Marine
Mining
Mobile
Oil & gas
Renewable energy
Transportation

Key Products 
Check valves
Diagnostic equipment
Hose couplings
Industrial hose
Low pressure fittings & adapters
Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) 
hose & tubing
Quick couplings
Rubber & thermoplastic hose
Tube fittings & adapters
Tubing & plastic fittings

Key Products 
Accumulators 
Air preparation (FRL) & dryers 
Cartridge valves 
Clusters 
Controllers & human machine 
interfaces (HMI) 
Coolers 
Cylinders 
Drive controlled pumps 
Drives (AC/DC Servo) 
Electric actuators & positioners 
Electric motors & gearheads
Electrohydraulic actuators 
Electrohydraulic pumps 
Electronic displays & HMI
Fan drives 
Gerotor pumps & motors 
Grippers 
Helical actuators
Integrated hydrostatic transmissions 
Industrial valves
IO link controllers 
IoT
Joysticks
Mobile valves
Piston pumps & motors
Pneumatic cylinders 
Pneumatic valves
Power take-offs
Rotary actuators
Screw pumps
Sensors
Software
Vane pumps & motors

Key Markets 
Air conditioning
Alternative fuels
Analytical
Chemical
Diesel engine
Food & beverage
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Microelectronics
Oil & gas
Packaging
Refining
Refrigeration
Transportation

Key Products
Accumulators
Analytical instruments & sample 
conditioning systems
Compressed natural gas dispensers
Cryogenic valves
Electronic valves
Emissions
Filter driers
Fluid system & control fittings, meters, 
valves, regulators & manifold valves
Fluoropolymer chemical delivery 
fittings, valves & pumps
High-pressure fittings, valves, 
pumps & systems
High-purity gas delivery fittings, 
valves & regulators
Miniature valves & pumps
Natural gas on-board fuel systems
Pressure regulating valves
Refrigeration & air conditioning 
electronic controls & monitoring
Solenoid valves

Key Markets 
Agriculture
Aerospace & defense
Construction
Food & beverage
Heating, ventilation & air conditioning 
(HVAC) 
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Marine
Mining
Oil & gas
Power generation
Renewable energy
Transportation
Water purification

Key Products 
Aerospace filters & systems
Air pollution control & dust collection 
systems & filters
Compressed air & gas treatment 
solutions
Engine fuel, oil, air & closed crankcase 
ventilation filtration systems
Filtration & purification systems
Fluid condition monitoring systems
Gas turbine air inlet filters
HVAC filters
Hydraulic & lubrication filters & systems
Industrial & analytical gas generators
Instrumentation filters
Membrane, fiber & sintered metal 
filters
Natural gas filters
Process liquid, air & gas filters
Sterile air filters
Water purification filters & systems

Key Markets 
Aerospace
Chemical processing
Consumer
Fluid power
General industrial
Information technology
Life sciences
Microelectronics
Military
Oil & gas
Power generation
Renewable energy
Telecommunications
Transportation

Key Products 
Dynamic seals
Elastomeric o-rings
Electro-medical instrument design 
& assembly
Electromagnetic interference shielding
Extruded & precision-cut fabricated 
elastomeric seals
High-temperature metal seals
Homogeneous & inserted 
elastomeric shapes
Medical device fabrication & assembly
Metal & plastic retained composite 
seals
Shielded optical windows
Silicone tubing & extrusions
Thermal management
Vibration dampening

 
UNMATCHED BREADTH OF 
TECHNOLOGY & ENGINEERING EXPERTISE

LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal year 2018 was the strongest 
year of financial performance in the 
company’s history and delivered 
significant returns for our shareholders. 
The ongoing implementation of the 
new Win Strategy™ continues to put 
Parker on a clear path to achieving 
even greater improvements across our 
operations. Given our progress, we 
have established new five-year targets 
that reflect our confidence in Parker’s 
future. 

While the strategy sets our direction, 
our success is only achieved by 
Parker’s highly engaged team 
members, who continue to 
demonstrate incredible responsiveness 
and adaptability to the changes we are 
making together. Their commitment to 
owning and improving their portion of 
the business reflects the entrepreneurial 
spirit that has defined the Parker culture 
for more than a century. 

Thomas L. Williams, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (L)
Lee C. Banks, President and Chief Operating Officer (R)

FISCAL YEAR 2018
RECORD FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE 

In fiscal year 2018, the impact of the 
Win Strategy and broad-based market 
growth positioned Parker to achieve 
a number of records for financial 
performance: 

•  We used cash to extend our record 
of increasing annual dividends paid 
to 62 consecutive fiscal years, we 
reduced debt by $945 million and 
we repurchased $300 million in 
Parker shares in fiscal year 2018.  
We will continue to generate and 
deploy cash efficiently to create 
long-term value for shareholders. 

Fiscal year 2018 was one to celebrate 
and reflect upon. We now have an 
opportunity to carry forward the 
significant momentum of a record year 
and build on it in fiscal year 2019. We 
anticipate continued, healthy organic 
sales growth, and with ongoing 
improvement across our operations we 
are forecasting another record year for 
sales, segment operating margins, net 
income and earnings per share. 

WIN STRATEGY 
PRODUCING 
TRANSFORMATIVE 
RESULTS

We are still early in the process of 
implementing the new Win Strategy and 
there is much room to make continued 
improvements. The strategies and 
measures we adopted have proven an 
effective guide to delivering improved 
business performance.

•  Total net sales were a record at 

$14.3 billion, a 19% increase from 
the previous year. Organic growth of 
8% far outpaced the growth rate of 
global industrial production.  

•  Total segment operating margin 

reached a record 15.7%, or 16.2% 
adjusted, representing a 40 basis 
point (bps) improvement compared 
with adjusted segment operating 
margin of 15.8% the prior year.

•  Net income increased 8% to 

$1.1 billion, or a record $7.83 per 
share. Adjusted earnings per share 
were $10.42, an increase of 28% 
compared to the prior year.

•  Cash flow from operations for 
fiscal year 2018 was another 
record for Parker at $1.6 billion or 
11.2% of sales and free cash flow 
conversion was 127%. This is the 
17th consecutive fiscal year that 
Parker has generated cash flow 
from operations (before discretionary 
pension contributions) greater than 
10% of sales.

ENGAGED PEOPLE
Parker’s highest priority is safety, and 
eliminating all work-related accidents is 
something we strive for each day. Our 
Recordable Incident Rate has dropped 
by 54% since 2014, including a 21% 
reduction this year. Team members are 
working together in High Performance 
Teams to deliver these improvements 
and create a safety-first environment.

High Performance Teams are an 
effective tool for us to enable an 
ownership culture at Parker and drive 
better performance. Today more 
than 80% of our people participate in 
these teams, with more than 5,000 
established worldwide. We are in the 
process of extending these teams 
to focus on improvements in other 
important areas of our business such 
as quality, cost and on-time delivery.

80%

WORKFORCE 
ON HIGH 
PERFORMANCE 
TEAMS

Parker’s ability to address the 
aftermarket through our global 
distribution network is among our 
most important growth strategies. It’s 
a channel more than 50 years in the 
making, and one that competitors 
have been unable to duplicate. We’ve 
added 362 distributors since fiscal year 
2015 with an emphasis on international 
growth, so Parker can be there to 
support our customers directly, even 
on the most remote job sites around 
the world. This also provides us a more 
stable revenue source that typically 
carries higher operating margins.

FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE
Within our Win Strategy goal for 
Financial Performance we have four 
key strategic initiatives: Simplification, 
Lean Enterprise, Strategic Supply 
Chain and Value Pricing. Our business 
leaders utilize standard work designed 
for each of these initiatives in order 
to increase speed, reduce cost and 
improve the overall experience for our 
customers. 

54%

REDUCTION IN 
ENERGY USE

We also realize that Parker’s operations 
can have a positive and widespread 
impact on the world, and recognize the 
importance of acting responsibly with 
the planet’s natural resources. Over 
the past decade Parker has reduced 
energy use by 54%, today we recycle 
85% of the waste generated from 
our manufacturing processes, and 
our Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) 
ranking is among the top quartile of our 
peer companies.

85%

WASTE RECYCLED

PREMIER CUSTOMER 
EXPERIENCE
Parker’s success is rooted in our ability 
to provide a premier experience for 
our customers. Through transactional 
surveys and relationship interviews,  
we are actively measuring Likelihood-
to-Recommend, a reliable indicator  
of our customers’ experience when  
doing business with Parker. These 
surveys have indicated opportunities 
for improvement. As a result we 
launched the I Am Parker initiative, 
designed to engage all team 
members in addressing three areas 
of opportunity: owning and resolving 

our customers’ challenges, doing 
so with speed and accuracy and 
communicating clearly and consistently. 

We are seeing positive results of 
eBusiness initiatives that improve 
customers’ online experience through 
faster response times, increased 
support tools, improved navigation and 
ongoing user research and feedback. 
Digital platforms play a prominent 
role in driving customer experience in 
today’s increasingly connected world, 
and we’re making it easier than ever 
to leverage the unmatched breadth 
of products, systems and knowledge 
Parker offers. 

PROFITABLE 
GROWTH
Understanding the unmet needs 
of our customers and addressing 
them by improving our products 
and technologies is the foundation 
of Parker’s organic growth strategy. 
To better leverage our investment 
in innovation, we are enhancing 
our technology development by 
establishing Parker Technology 
Centers. These centers will focus on 
technologies and processes such as 
additive manufacturing, robotics, the 
Internet of Things (IoT), filtration, motion 
technologies and advanced material 
science development. This engineering 
cost-neutral strategy offers the best 
of both worlds: traditional division 
product and application engineering 
expertise supplemented with advanced 
design and manufacturing processes, 
ultimately improving outcomes for our 
customers.  

ENGINEERING YOUR 
SUCCESS

The Win Strategy, along with our capital 
allocation and portfolio strategies, 
shape our approach to engineering the 
success of our key stakeholders and 
will together enable us to achieve top 
quartile financial performance. 

Parker’s capital allocation priorities are 
to continue our record 62 consecutive 
fiscal years of increased annual 
dividends, capital expenditures to drive 
both organic growth and productivity 
improvements across our operations, 
our 10b5-1 share repurchase program, 
strategic acquisitions and discretionary 
share repurchase. Our goal is to deploy 
capital in the most effective way to 
drive long-term shareholder value. 

Parker’s acquisition strategy is to 
continue as the consolidator of choice 
in our industry, by identifying companies 
which generate strategic value for 
our key stakeholders. The CLARCOR 
acquisition is an excellent example of 
this approach. It was transformational 
for our portfolio and has proven to be a 
strong cultural fit. As a result, we have 
increased our synergy targets for fiscal 
year 2020 from $140 million to $160 
million in cost synergies, and established 
a target of $100 million in incremental 
revenue synergies over that period.

The strength and interconnectivity 
of our portfolio continues to be 
a competitive differentiator. No 
other company can match Parker’s 
technology expertise or breadth of 
product in the motion and control 
industry, a $130 billion global market in 
which there is significant opportunity 
for Parker to grow. We will continue to 
focus on highly engineered products 
and systems with protected intellectual 
property, long product lifecycles and a 
balance between OEM and aftermarket 
solutions across our portfolio.

Million

COST SYNERGIES

$160
$100

INCREMENTAL 
REVENUE SYNERGIES

Million

NEW FIVE-YEAR 
FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE 
TARGETS

While Parker has made meaningful 
advancements over the past several 
years, our team members are 
committed to continuous improvement 
and we intend to build upon our 
strong financial position and distinct 
competitive advantages. As a result, 

we have established new five-year 
financial performance targets through 
fiscal year 2023:

•  Organic sales growth at 150 basis 

points greater than the Global 
Industrial Production Index. This 
target is best-in-class, and we are 
committed to demonstrating this 
over a cycle.

•  Profitability as measured by 

segment operating margins of 19% 
and EBITDA margins of 20%, both of 
which will position us well within the 
top quartile among our diversified 
industrial peer group.

•  Free cash flow conversion of 

greater than 100%. This has long 
been a key indicator of our ability 
to generate cash, and we’ve now 
achieved 17 consecutive years of 
converting better than 100% of net 
income.

•  A greater than 10% compound 
annual growth rate in adjusted 
earnings per share.

Continued progress toward achieving 
our new five-year financial targets will 
maintain Parker’s position among the 
best performing diversified industrial 
companies and generate significant 
long-term value for our shareholders. 

FISCAL YEAR 2023 
TARGETS

Basis Points

150

ORGANIC GROWTH GREATER THAN THE 
GLOBAL INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTION INDEX

SEGMENT OPERATING MARGINS

EBITDA MARGINS

19%
20%
100%
10%

FREE CASH FLOW CONVERSION

COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE IN 
ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE

LEADERSHIP WITH 
A PURPOSE

Given the scale of our operations and 
the breadth of our capabilities, Parker is 
in a unique position to make a positive 
and meaningful impact in communities 
around the world. We are fortunate to 
be able to lead Parker into the future 
with a purpose that involves partnering 
with our customers to develop 
innovative solutions that help improve 
the quality of life for people around 
the world and create a positive impact 
on our team members and in local 
communities.

We would like to thank our remarkable 
team members, as Parker’s success is 
a direct result of their engagement and 
dedication, and our shareholders for 
their confidence. We hope you share 
our excitement for Parker’s future. 

Sincerely, 

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Lee C. Banks
President and Chief Operating Officer

August 2018

Looking ahead, Parker team members will carry forward 
the momentum of a record year to generate significant 
long-term value for shareholders and achieve top quartile 
financial performance. 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

Washington, D. C. 20549

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from                          to                         

Commission File No. 1-4982

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ohio

(State or other jurisdiction of
Incorporation or Organization)

6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

34-0451060

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

44124-4141
(Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (216) 896-3000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Common Shares, $.50 par value

Name of Each Exchange

on which Registered

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    
Yes  
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the 

    No  

Act.    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 

Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and 
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every 

Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the 
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  

    No  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not 

contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated 
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 

.

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller 

reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting 
company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated Filer:
Non-Accelerated Filer:
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
Emerging Growth Company

Accelerated Filer:
Smaller Reporting Company:

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for 

complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.    

   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  
The aggregate market value of the outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of December 31, 2017: 

    No  

$26,411,763,329.

The number of Common Shares outstanding on July 31, 2018 was 132,360,024. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the Company’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 24, 2018, 

are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

2
9
13
14
15
15
15

16

16
17
28
29
65
65
65

65
65
66

66
66

67

72

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Business 

PART I
Item 1.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 1C. Executive Officers of the Registrant
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Properties
Legal Proceedings

PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 

Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data

Item 6.
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
Item 9B. Other Information

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Item 11.
Item 12.

Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

PART IV
Item 15.

Signatures

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

1

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION

FORM 10-K

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2018 

PART I

ITEM 1.  Business.  Parker-Hannifin Corporation is a leading worldwide diversified manufacturer of motion and control 

technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace 
markets.  The Company was incorporated in Ohio in 1938. Its principal executive offices are located at 6035 Parkland 
Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141, telephone (216) 896-3000. As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the 
context otherwise requires, the term "Company" refers to Parker-Hannifin Corporation and its subsidiaries and the term "year" 
and references to specific years refer to the applicable fiscal year.

The Company’s investor relations internet website address is www.phstock.com. The Company makes available free of 
charge on or through its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, 
and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing such material electronically with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. The information contained on or accessible through the Company’s website is not part of this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K.

The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for each of the committees of the Board of Directors. These charters, 
as well as the Company’s Global Code of Business Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Independence Standards for 
Directors, are posted and available on the Company’s investor relations internet website at www.phstock.com under the 
Corporate Governance page. Shareholders may request copies of these corporate governance documents, free of charge, by 
writing to Parker-Hannifin Corporation, 6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141, Attention: Secretary, or by 
calling (216) 896-3000.

The Company’s manufacturing, service, sales, distribution and administrative facilities are located in 39 states within the 
United States and in 49 other countries.  The Company’s products are sold as original and replacement equipment through sales 
and distribution centers worldwide. The Company markets its products through direct-sales employees, independent distributors 
and sales representatives. The Company's products are supplied to approximately 455,000 customers in virtually every 
significant manufacturing, transportation and processing industry.

The Company has two reporting segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems.  During 2018, the 

 
Company's technologies and systems were used in the products of these two reporting segments.  For 2018, the Company's net 
sales were $14.3 billion. Diversified Industrial Segment products accounted for 84% and Aerospace Systems Segment products 
accounted for 16% of those net sales.

Markets

The Company’s technologies and systems are used throughout various industries and in various applications. The 
approximately 455,000 customers who purchase the Company’s products are found throughout nearly every significant 
manufacturing, transportation and processing industry. No single customer accounted for more than 3% of the Company’s total 
net sales for the year ended June 30, 2018.

2

Diversified Industrial Segment. Sales of Diversified Industrial Segment products are made to both original equipment 

manufacturers ("OEMs") and distributors who serve the replacement markets in manufacturing, packaging, processing, 
transportation, mobile construction, refrigeration and air conditioning, agricultural and military machinery and equipment 
industries. The major markets for products of the Diversified Industrial Segment are listed below by group:
 

Engineered Materials
Group:

Filtration
Group:

Fluid Connectors
Group:

Instrumentation
Group:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

•    Aerospace
•    Chemical processing
•    Consumer
•    Fluid power
•    General industrial
•    Information technology
•    Life sciences

•    Agriculture
•    Aerospace & defense
•    Construction 
•    Food & beverage
•    Heating, ventilation & air conditioning 

(HVAC) 

•    Industrial machinery
•    Life sciences

•    Aerial lift
•    Agriculture
•    Bulk chemical handling
•    Construction 
•    Food & beverage
•    Fuel & gas delivery
•    Industrial machinery

•    Air conditioning
•    Alternative fuels
•    Analytical
•    Chemical
•    Diesel engine
•    Food & beverage 
•    Industrial machinery

•    Microelectronics
•    Military
•    Oil & gas
•    Power generation
•    Renewable energy
•    Telecommunications
•    Transportation

•    Marine
 •    Mining
 •    Oil & gas
 •    Power generation
 •    Renewable energy
 •    Transportation
 •    Water purification

•    Life sciences
•    Marine
•    Mining
•    Mobile
•    Oil & gas
•    Renewable energy
•    Transportation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

•    Life sciences
•    Microelectronics
  •    Oil & gas
    •    Packaging
•    Refining
•    Refrigeration
•    Transportation

3

Motion Systems
Group:

Mobile:
    •    Agriculture
    •    Construction
•    Marine
•    Material handling
    •    Military
•    Transportation
    •    Truck & bus
•    Turf

Industrial:
•    Distribution
    •    General machinery 
•    Machine tool
•    Mining
•    Oil & gas
    •    Power generation
    •    Semiconductor

Aerospace Systems Segment. Sales of the Aerospace Systems Segment products are made primarily in the commercial 

and military aerospace markets to both OEMs and to end users for spares, maintenance, repair and overhaul. The major markets 
for products of the Aerospace Systems Segment are listed below:

•    Aftermarket services
•    Commercial transports
•    Engines
•    General & business aviation
•    Helicopters

•      Military aircraft
•     Missiles
•     Power generation
•     Regional transports
•     Unmanned aerial vehicles

             

 

Principal Products and Methods of Distribution

Although the Company offers hundreds of thousands of individual products, no single product contributed more than 1% 
to the Company’s total net sales for the year ended June 30, 2018. Listed below are some of the Company’s principal products.

Diversified Industrial Segment. The products produced by the Company’s Diversified Industrial Segment consist of a 

broad range of motion-control and fluid systems and components, which are described below by group:

Engineered Materials Group: static and dynamic sealing devices, including:

•    Dynamic seals
•    Elastomeric o-rings
•    Electro-medical instrument design & assembly
•    Electromagnetic interference shielding
•    Extruded & precision-cut fabricated elastomeric 

seals

•    High-temperature metal seals

•    Homogeneous & inserted elastomeric shapes
•    Medical device fabrication & assembly
•    Metal & plastic retained composite seals
•    Shielded optical windows
•    Silicone tubing & extrusions
•    Thermal management
•    Vibration dampening

4

Filtration Group: filters, systems and diagnostics solutions to monitor and remove contaminants from fuel, air, oil, water 

and other liquids and gases, including:

•    Aerospace filters & systems
•    Air pollution control & dust collection systems & 

filters

•    Compressed air & gas treatment solutions
•    Engine fuel, oil, air & closed crankcase ventilation 

filtration systems

•    Filtration & purification systems
•    Fluid condition monitoring systems
•    Gas turbine air inlet filters
•    Heating, ventilation & air conditioning (HVAC) 

filters

•    Hydraulic & lubrication filters & systems
•    Industrial & analytical gas generators
•    Instrumentation filters
•    Membrane, fiber, & sintered metal filters
•    Natural gas filters
•    Process liquid, air & gas filters
•    Sterile air filters
•    Water purification filters & systems

Fluid Connectors Group: connectors which control, transmit and contain fluid, including:

•    Check valves
•    Diagnostic equipment
•    Hose couplings
•    Industrial hose
•    Low pressure fittings & adapters

•    Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) hose & tubing
•    Quick couplings
•    Rubber & thermoplastic hose
•    Tube fittings & adapters
•    Tubing & plastic fittings

Instrumentation Group: high quality critical flow components for process instrumentation, healthcare and ultra-high-
purity applications and components for use in refrigeration and air conditioning systems and in fluid control applications for 
processing, fuel dispensing, beverage dispensing and mobile emissions, including: 

•    Accumulators
•    Analytical instruments & sample conditioning      

systems

•    Compressed natural gas dispensers
•    Cryogenic valves
•    Electronic valves
•    Emissions
•    Filter driers
•    Fluid system & control fittings, meters, valves, 

regulators, & manifold valves

•    Fluoropolymer chemical delivery fittings, valves 

& pumps

•    High pressure fittings, valves, pumps & systems
•    High-purity gas delivery fittings, valves & 

regulators 

•    Miniature valves & pumps
•    Natural gas on-board fuel systems
•    Pressure regulating valves
•    Refrigeration & air conditioning electronic 

controls & monitoring

•    Solenoid valves

5

Motion Systems Group: hydraulic, pneumatic, and electromechanical components and systems for builders and users of 

mobile and industrial machinery and equipment, including:

Hydraulic Actuation:
•    Cylinders
•    Rotary actuators
•    Helical actuators
•    Accumulators
•    Electrohydraulic actuators
•    Coolers
Hydraulic Pumps & Motors:
•    Piston pumps & motors
•    Vane pumps & motors
•    Gerotor pumps & motors
•    Power take-off
•    Fan drives
•    Electrohydraulic pump
•    Drive controlled pump
•    Screw pump
•    Integrated hydrostatic transmissions
Hydraulic & Electro Hydraulic Systems 

Hydraulic Valves:
•    Cartridge valves
•    Industrial valves
•    Mobile valves
Pneumatics:
•    Pneumatic valves
•    Air preparation (FRL) & dryers
•    Pneumatic cylinders
•   Grippers
•   IO link controllers
Electronics:
•    Electric actuators & positioners
•    Electronic displays & human machine interfaces 

(HMI)

•    Controllers & HMI 
•    Sensors
•    IoT
•    Electric motors & gearheads
•    Drives (AC/DC Servo)
•    Joysticks
•    Clusters
•    Software

 
Diversified Industrial Segment products include standard products, as well as custom products which are engineered and 
produced to OEMs’ specifications for application to particular end products. Both standard and custom products are also used in 
the replacement of original products. Diversified Industrial Segment products are marketed primarily through field sales 
employees and approximately 16,900 independent distributor locations throughout the world.

Aerospace Systems Segment. The principal products of the Company’s Aerospace Systems Segment are used on 

commercial and military airframe and engine programs and include:

 

 

•    Control actuation systems & components
•    Engine systems & components
•    Fluid conveyance systems & components
•    Fluid metering, delivery & atomization devices
•    Fuel systems & components
•    Fuel tank inerting systems

•    Hydraulic systems & components
•    Lubrication components
•    Pneumatic control components
•    Power conditioning & management systems
•    Thermal management
•    Wheels & brakes

Aerospace Systems Segment products are marketed by the Company’s regional sales organizations and are sold directly 

to original equipment manufacturers and end users throughout the world.

Competition

The Company’s business operates in highly competitive markets and industries. The Company offers its products over 
numerous, varied markets through its divisions operating in 50 countries and consequently has hundreds of competitors when 
viewed across its various markets and product offerings. The Company’s competitors include U.S. and non-U.S. companies. 

6

These competitors and the degree of competition vary widely by product lines, end markets, geographic scope and/or 
geographic locations. Although each of the Company’s segments has numerous competitors, given the Company’s market and 
product breadth, no single competitor competes with the Company with respect to all products manufactured and sold by the 
Company.

In the Diversified Industrial Segment, the Company competes on the basis of product quality and innovation, customer 

service, manufacturing and distribution capability, and price competitiveness. The Company believes that it is one of the market 
leaders in most of the major markets for its most significant Diversified Industrial Segment products.  The Company has 
comprehensive motion and control packages for the broadest systems capabilities.  While the Company’s primary global 
competitors include Bosch Rexroth AG, Danaher Corporation, Danfoss A/S, Donaldson Company, Inc., Eaton Corporation plc, 
Emerson Climate Technologies, Inc., Emerson/ASCO, Festo AG & Co., Freudenberg-NOK, Gates Corporation, IMI/Norgren, 
SMC Corporation, Swagelok Company, and Trelleborg AB, none of these businesses compete with every group in the 
Company's Diversified Industrial Segment and every product line offered by this segment.

In the Aerospace Systems Segment, the Company has developed alliances with key customers based on the Company’s 

advanced technological and engineering capabilities, superior performance in quality, delivery, and service, and price 
competitiveness, which has enabled the Company to obtain significant original equipment business on new aircraft programs 
for its systems and components and to thereby obtain the follow-on repair and replacement business for these programs.  
Further, the Aerospace Systems Segment is able to utilize low-cost manufacturing techniques and best cost region strategies to 
achieve a lower cost producer status.  Although the Company believes that it is one of the market leaders in most of the major 
markets for its most significant Aerospace Systems Segment products, the Company’s primary global competitors for the most 
significant Aerospace Systems Segment products include Eaton Corporation plc, Honeywell International, Inc., Moog Inc., 
Triumph Group, Inc., UTC Aerospace Systems, Woodward, Inc. and Zodiac Aerospace SA.

The Company believes that its platform utilizing nine core technologies, which consist of aerospace, electromechanical, 
filtration, fluid handling, hydraulics, pneumatics, process control, refrigeration, and sealing and shielding, is a positive factor in 
its ability to compete effectively with both large and small competitors. For both of its segments, the Company believes that the 
following factors also contribute to its ability to compete effectively:

• 

• 

• 

• 

decentralized operating structure that allows each division to focus on its customers and respond quickly at the local 
level;

systems solution capabilities that use the Company’s core technologies from both of its segments;

global presence; and

a strong global distribution network.

Research and Product Development

The Company continually researches the feasibility of new products and services through its development laboratories 
and testing facilities in many of its worldwide manufacturing locations. Its research and product development staff includes 
chemists, physicists, and mechanical, chemical and electrical engineers.

Total research and development costs relating to the development of new products and services and the improvement of 
existing products and services amounted to $327.9 million in 2018, $336.7 million in 2017 and $359.8 million in 2016. These 
amounts include costs incurred by the Company related to independent research and development initiatives as well as costs 
incurred in connection with research and development contracts. Costs incurred in connection with research and development 
contracts and included in the total research and development costs reported above for 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $40.8 million, 
$65.3 million and $58.0 million, respectively.

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses

The Company owns a number of patents, trademarks and licenses related to its products and has exclusive and non-

exclusive rights to use patents and trademarks owned by others. In addition, patent and trademark applications are pending, 
although there can be no assurance that further patents and trademarks will be issued. The Company is not dependent to any 
material extent on any single patent, trademark or license or group of patents, trademarks or licenses.

Backlog and Seasonal Nature of Business

Backlog consists of written firm orders from a customer to deliver products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, 

only includes the portion of the order for which a schedule or release date has been agreed to with the customer.  The dollar 

7

value of backlog is equal to the amount that is expected to be billed to the customer and reported as a sale.  The Company's 
backlog by business segment for the past two years is included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is 
incorporated herein by reference.  The Company’s backlog was $4.1 billion at June 30, 2018 and $3.8 billion at June 30, 2017. 
Approximately 89% of the Company’s backlog at June 30, 2018 is scheduled for delivery in the succeeding twelve months. The 
Company’s business is generally not seasonal in nature.

Environmental Regulation

Certain of the Company’s operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, the 

Company is subject to United States federal, state, and local laws and regulations as well as non-U.S. laws and regulations 
designed to protect the environment and regulate the discharge of materials into the environment. These laws impose penalties, 
fines and other sanctions for non-compliance and liability for response costs, property damage and personal injury resulting 
from past and current spills, disposals or other releases of, or exposures to, hazardous materials. Among other environmental 
laws, the Company is subject to the United States federal "Superfund" law, under which the Company has been designated as a 
"potentially responsible party" and may be liable for cleanup costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the 
United States Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund priority list.

As of June 30, 2018, the Company was involved in environmental remediation at various United States and non-U.S. 
manufacturing facilities presently or formerly operated by the Company and as a "potentially responsible party," along with 
other companies, at off-site waste disposal facilities and regional sites.

The Company believes that its policies, practices and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of 

environmental damage and the consequent financial liability to the Company. Compliance with environmental laws and 
regulations requires continuing management efforts and expenditures by the Company. Compliance with environmental laws 
and regulations has not had in the past, and, the Company believes, will not have in the future, a material adverse effect on the 
capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position of the Company.

As of June 30, 2018, the Company had a reserve of $18.0 million for environmental matters that were probable and 

reasonably estimable. This reserve was recorded based upon the best estimate of costs to be incurred in light of the progress 
made in determining the magnitude of remediation costs, the timing and extent of remedial actions required by governmental 
authorities and the amount of the Company’s liability in proportion to other responsible parties.

The Company’s estimated total liability for the above mentioned sites ranges from a minimum of $18.0 million to a 

maximum of $81.0 million. The largest range of the estimated total liability for any one site is approximately $9.5 million. The 
actual costs to be incurred by the Company will be dependent on final determination of contamination and required remedial 
action, negotiations with governmental authorities with respect to cleanup levels, changes in regulatory requirements, 
innovations in investigatory and remedial technologies, effectiveness of remedial technologies employed, the ability of the 
other responsible parties to pay, and any insurance or other third-party recoveries.

Energy Matters and Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

The Company’s primary energy source for both of its business segments is electric power. While the Company cannot 

predict future costs of electric power, the primary source for production of the required electric power is expected to be coal and 
natural gas from substantial, proven coal and natural gas reserves available to electric utilities. The Company is subject to 
governmental regulations in regard to energy supplies in the United States and elsewhere. To date, the Company has not 
experienced any significant disruptions of its operations due to energy curtailments.

Steel, brass, copper, aluminum, nickel, rubber and thermoplastic materials and chemicals are the principal raw materials 
used by the Company. These materials are expected to be available from numerous sources in quantities sufficient to meet the 
requirements of the Company.

Employees

The Company employed approximately 57,170 persons as of June 30, 2018, of whom approximately 29,410 were 

employed by foreign subsidiaries.

Business Segment Information

The Company’s net sales, segment operating income and assets by business segment and net sales and long-lived assets 

by geographic area for the past three years are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are 
incorporated herein by reference.

8

Acquisitions

The Company made no acquisitions during 2018.  Prior-year acquisitions are discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated 

Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 1A.  Risk Factors.

The following "risk factors" identify what the Company believes to be the risks that could materially adversely affect the 

Company’s financial and/or operational performance. These risk factors should be considered and evaluated together with 
information incorporated by reference or otherwise included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional risks 
not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial also may impair the Company’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The Company may be subject to risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions.

The Company's business is sensitive to global macro-economic conditions.  Moderate economic growth persists in the 

economic regions in which the Company conducts substantial operations.  Future macroeconomic downturns may have an 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Company and its distributors, customers and 
suppliers, and on activity in many of the industries and markets in which the Company and its distributors, customers and 
suppliers operate. Among the economic factors which may have such an effect are manufacturing and other end-market activity, 
currency exchange rates, air travel trends, difficulties entering new markets, tariffs and governmental trade policies, and general 
economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rates and credit availability. These factors may, among other things, 
negatively impact the level of purchases, capital expenditures, and creditworthiness of the Company and its distributors, 
customers and suppliers, and, therefore, the Company’s revenues, operating profits, margins, and order rates.

The Company cannot predict changes in worldwide or regional economic conditions, as such conditions are highly 

volatile and beyond the Company’s control. If these conditions deteriorate or remain at depressed levels for extended periods, 
however, the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

The Company may be subject to risks relating to its non-U.S. operations.

The Company’s net sales derived from customers outside the United States were approximately 41% in 2018, 40% in  
2017 and 41% in 2016. In addition, many of the Company’s manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the 
United States. The Company expects net sales from non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of its total 
net sales. The Company’s non-U.S. operations are subject to risks in addition to those facing its domestic operations, including:

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings;

transportation delays and interruptions;

political, social and economic instability and disruptions;

government embargoes or trade restrictions;

the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers;

import and export controls;

labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments;

the potential for nationalization of enterprises;

difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations;

limitations on the Company’s ability to enforce legal rights and remedies;

potentially adverse tax consequences; and

difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely basis.

9

If the Company is unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding its global business or adequately 
manage operational fluctuations internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
results of operations or financial condition.

The Company may be subject to risks relating to acquisitions and joint ventures, and risks relating to the integration of 
acquired companies, including risks related to the integration of CLARCOR Inc. ("Clarcor").

The Company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and 

services, and entering into joint ventures, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be 
no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or 
that it will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. Furthermore, there are no 
assurances that the Company will be able to avoid acquiring or assuming unexpected liabilities. If the Company is unable to 
avoid these risks, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

In addition, the Company may not be able to integrate successfully any businesses that it purchases into its existing 

business or that any acquired businesses or joint ventures will be profitable. Specifically, the Company is devoting significant 
management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of Clarcor with the businesses of the 
Company. The Company may encounter or has encountered the following difficulties during the integration process of Clarcor:

• 

• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

• 

the consequences of a change in tax treatment, including the cost of integration and compliance and the possibility that 
the full benefits anticipated to result from the Clarcor acquisition may not be realized;
delays in the integration of management teams, strategies, operations, products, and services;
differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures, and management philosophies that may delay successful 
integration;
the ability to retain key employees;
the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems;
challenges of integrating complex systems, technologies, networks, and other assets of Clarcor, into the Company’s, in 
a manner that minimizes any adverse impact or disruptions to customers, suppliers, employees, and other 
constituencies; and
unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the integration beyond current 
estimates.

The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures also depend on the Company’s ability to 

manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. If the Company is unable to avoid these risks, its results of operations and 
financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

The Company’s results may be adversely affected if expanded operations from the acquisition of Clarcor are not 
effectively managed.

The Company’s acquisition of Clarcor greatly expanded the size and complexity of its business. The Company’s future 

success depends, in part, on the ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose or has posed substantial challenges 
for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of the expanded global operations and new 
manufacturing processes and products, and the associated costs and complexity. There can be no assurance of successful 
management of these matters or that the Company will realize the expected benefits of the acquisition of Clarcor.

The Company may be subject to risks relating to organizational changes.

The Company regularly executes organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures and realignments to support its 

growth and cost management strategies. The Company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies 
and cash flow and to reduce costs.  The Company further commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key 
employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. If the Company is unable to successfully manage these and other 
organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as the 
Company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.  The Company also cannot offer 
assurances that any of these initiatives will continue to be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency 
improvements, incremental cost savings or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all.

The Company may be subject to risks relating to its information technology systems.

The Company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business, some of which 
are managed by third parties.  The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of 
data by these systems, are critical to our business operations.  If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, 

10

intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, 
telecommunications failures, hardware or software break-ins or viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents) and the Company 
suffers any resulting interruption in its ability to manage and operate its business or if its products are effected, the Company's 
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition to existing risks, any adoption 
or deployment of new technologies may increase our exposure to risks, breaches, or failures, which could materially adversely 
affect the Company's results of operations or financial condition. Furthermore, the Company may have access to sensitive, 
confidential, or personal data or information that may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other 
contractually-imposed controls. Despite the Company's use of reasonable and appropriate controls, material security breaches, 
theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming or employee errors, and/or malfeasance, could lead to the compromise or 
improper use of such sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information, resulting in possible negative consequences, such 
as fines, penalties, loss of reputation or competitiveness, or other negative impacts to the Company's results of operations or 
financial condition.

The Company may be subject to risks relating to changes in the demand for and supply of its products.

Demand for and supply of the Company’s products may be adversely affected by numerous factors, some of which the 

Company cannot predict or control. Such factors include:

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers or distributors, 
including delays or cancellations in shipments, disputes regarding contract terms or significant changes in 
financial condition, and changes in contract cost and revenue estimates for new development programs;

changes in product mix;

changes in the market acceptance of the Company’s products;

increased competition in the markets the Company serves;

declines in the general level of industrial production;

•  weakness in the end-markets the Company serves;

• 

• 

fluctuations in the availability or the prices of raw materials; and

fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

If any of these factors occur, the demand for and supply of the Company’s products could suffer, which could materially 

adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

The Company may be subject to risks relating to the development of new products and technologies.

The markets in which the Company operates are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and frequent 

introductions of new products and services. The Company’s ability to develop new products based on technological innovation 
can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources.  If the Company does not develop, 
or has difficulties or delays in the development of, innovative new and enhanced products and services, or fails to gain market 
or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies, the Company's revenues may be materially reduced and the 
Company's competitive position could be materially adversely affected.  In addition, the Company may invest in research and 
development of products and services, or in acquisitions or other investments, that do not lead to significant revenue, which 
could adversely affect our profitability.

The Company may be subject to risks arising from price and supply fluctuations in raw materials used in the 
Company’s production processes and by its suppliers of component parts.

The Company’s supply of raw materials for its businesses could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including 
availability and pricing. Furthermore, recently implemented changes to U.S.and other countries' tariff and import/export 
regulations may have a negative impact on the availability and pricing of raw materials. Prices for raw materials necessary for 
production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases could adversely affect the Company’s results of 
operations and profit margins. Efforts by the Company to manage these fluctuations by, among other things, passing along price 
increases to its customers, may be subject to a time delay between the increased raw material prices and the Company’s ability 
to increase the price of its products, or the Company may be unable to increase the prices of its products due to pricing 
pressure, contract terms or other factors. Any such inability to manage fluctuations could adversely impact results of operations 
and cash flows.

11

The Company’s suppliers of component parts may significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases 

in costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture the component parts. As a result, the Company may not be able to 
increase its prices commensurately with its increased costs. Consequently, the Company’s results of operations or financial 
condition could be materially adversely affected.

The Company may be subject to risks arising from changes in the competitive environment in which it operates.

The Company’s operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which 

could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in the 
Company’s margins or market shares. To compete successfully, the Company must excel in terms of product quality and 
innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, 
and customer experience. 

The Company may be subject to risks relating to changes in its tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company's 

domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. On 
December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJ Act, was enacted into law. The TCJ Act significantly reforms the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, by, among other things, establishing a flat corporate U.S. income tax rate of 21 
percent and creating a territorial tax system (with a one-time transition tax imposed on previously unremitted foreign earnings 
and profits). The Company’s future results of operation could be adversely affected by changes in the Company's effective tax 
rate as a result of changes in tax laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof (including regulations under and 
interpretations of the TCJ Act), the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in overall 
profitability, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets or changes in 
tax laws or regulations. For example, the Company’s estimate of the net one-time charge incurred related to the TCJ Act could 
differ materially from the Company’s actual liability, due to, among other things, further refinement of the calculations, changes 
in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made, additional guidance that may be issued by the U.S. Treasury 
Department and Internal Revenue Service, and any other actions the Company may make as a result of the TCJ Act. In addition, 
the amount of income taxes paid by the Company is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and 
by non-U.S. tax authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may 
include unfavorable adjustments to the Company’s tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
results of operations.

The Company may be subject to product liability risks.

The Company’s businesses expose it to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and 

sale of its products and the products of third-party vendors that the Company uses or resells. Significant product liability claims 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Although the 
Company currently maintains what it believes to be suitable and adequate product liability insurance, there can be no assurance 
that the Company will be able to maintain its insurance on acceptable terms or that its insurance will provide adequate 
protection against all potential significant liabilities.

The Company may be subject to risks arising from litigation, and legal and regulatory proceedings and obligations.
From time to time, the Company is subject to litigation or other commercial disputes and other legal and regulatory 

proceedings relating to its business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of any litigation, commercial disputes or other legal or 
regulatory proceedings, the Company cannot accurately predict their ultimate outcome, including the outcome of any related 
appeals. An unfavorable outcome could materially adversely impact the Company’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations.  Furthermore, as required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the Company establishes reserves based 
on its assessment of contingencies, including contingencies related to legal claims asserted against it.  Subsequent 
developments in legal proceedings may affect the Company's assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a 
reserve and require the Company to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on the 
Company's results of operations.

The Company is subject to national and international laws and regulations, such as the anti-corruption laws of the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to its business and its employees.  Despite the Company's 
policies, procedures and compliance programs, its internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect the 
Company from prohibited acts willfully committed by its employees, agents or business partners that would violate such 
applicable laws and regulations.  Any such improper acts could damage the Company's reputation, subject it to civil or criminal 
judgments, fines or penalties, and could otherwise disrupt the Company's business, and as a result, could materially adversely 
impact the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations.

12

The Company may be subject to risks relating to the preservation of its intellectual property.

Protecting the Company’s intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts. The Company owns a number of 

patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade names and other forms of intellectual property in its products and services 
throughout the world and in the operation of its business. The Company also has exclusive and non-exclusive rights to 
intellectual property owned by others. The Company’s intellectual property may be challenged or infringed upon by third 
parties or the Company may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party owners of 
intellectual property on reasonable terms. In addition, the global nature of the Company’s business increases the risk that the 
Company’s intellectual property may be subject to infringement or other unauthorized use or disclosure by others. In some 
cases, the Company’s ability to protect its intellectual property rights by legal recourse or otherwise may be limited, particularly 
in countries where laws or enforcement practices are inadequate or undeveloped. Unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
Company’s intellectual property rights or the Company's inability to preserve existing intellectual property rights could 
adversely impact the Company’s competitive position and results of operations.

The Company may be subject to risks arising from the impact of environmental regulations.

The Company’s operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, it is subject to various 
U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as non-U.S. laws, designed to protect the environment and to regulate 
the discharge of materials into the environment. These laws impose penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance and 
liability for response costs, property damages and personal injury resulting from past and current spills, disposals or other 
releases of, or the exposure to, hazardous materials. Among other laws, the Company is subject to the U.S. federal "Superfund" 
law, under which it has been designated as a "potentially responsible party" and may be liable for clean-up costs associated with 
various waste sites, some of which are on the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund priority list. The 
Company could incur substantial costs as a result of non-compliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or damages 
under environmental laws, including the Superfund law.

In addition, increased worldwide focus on climate change issues has led to legislative and regulatory efforts to limit 

greenhouse gas emissions, including regulation of such emissions through a "cap-and-trade" system globally.  Increased 
regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change concerns could subject the Company to additional costs and 
restrictions, including increased energy and raw material costs. Until definitive regulations are adopted, the Company is not 
able to predict how such regulations would affect the Company’s business, operations or financial results.

The Company may be subject to other more stringent environmental laws in the future. If more stringent environmental 
laws are enacted in the future, these laws could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.

The Company may be subject to risks relating to increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits.

The funding requirements and the amount of expenses recorded for the Company’s defined benefit pension plans are 
dependent on changes in market interest rates and the value of plan assets, which are dependent on actual plan asset returns. 
Significant changes in market interest rates and decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets 
would increase funding requirements and expenses and may adversely impact the Company’s results of operations.

The Company absorbs a portion of healthcare costs for its employees.  If healthcare costs rise significantly and the 

Company continues to absorb the majority of these costs, these increasing costs may adversely impact the Company's future 
results of operations.

The Company may be subject to risks arising from regulations applicable to companies doing business with the United 
States government.

In addition to the risks identified herein, doing business with the United States government subjects the Company to 

unusual risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental 
acquisition regulations.  Agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities may be subject to termination, 
reduction or modification, either at the convenience of the government or for the Company’s failure to perform under the 
applicable contract. The Company is subject to government investigations of business practices and compliance with 
government acquisition regulations. If the Company were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any such investigation, it 
could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of new government contracts, and the Company could be subject to 
fines or penalties associated with contract non-compliance or resulting from such investigations, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.

ITEM 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.  None.

13

ITEM 1C.  Executive Officers of the Registrant.

The Company’s executive officers as of August 15, 2018, were as follows:

Name

Thomas L. Williams
Lee C. Banks
Catherine A. Suever

Mark J. Hart
William R. "Skip"
Bowman
William G. Eline
Thomas C. Gentile
Kurt A. Keller
Todd M. Leombruno
Joseph R. Leonti
Robert W. Malone
M. Craig Maxwell
Jennifer A. Parmentier
Andrew D. Ross
Roger S. Sherrard
Andrew M. Weeks

Position

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director
President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Executive Vice President – Finance & Administration and Chief
Financial Officer
Executive Vice President – Human Resources & External Affairs
Vice President and President - Instrumentation Group

Vice President – Chief Information Officer
Vice President – Global Supply Chain
Vice President and President – Asia Pacific Group
Vice President and Controller
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Vice President and President – Filtration Group
Vice President – Chief Technology and Innovation Officer
Vice President and President – Engineered Materials Group
Vice President and President – Fluid Connectors Group
Vice President and President – Aerospace Group
Vice President and President – Motion Systems Group

Officer
Since(1)

2005
2001

2010
2016
2016

2002
2017
2009
2017
2014
2014
2003
2015
2012
2003
2015

Age as of
8/15/2018
59
55

59
53
60

62
46
60
48
46
54
60
51
51
52
55

 

(1)  Executive officers of the Company are elected by the Board of Directors to serve for a term of one year or until their 

respective successors are elected, except in the case of death, resignation or removal. Messrs. Eline, Keller, Maxwell, and 
Sherrard have served in the executive capacities indicated above opposite their respective names during each of the past five 
years.

Mr. Williams has been a Director since January 2015; Chief Executive Officer since February 2015; and Chairman of the 
Board since January 2016.  He was an Executive Vice President from August 2008 to February 2015 and an Operating Officer 
from November 2006 to February 2015.  He is also a Director of Chart Industries, Inc.

Mr. Banks has been a Director since January 2015 and President and Chief Operating Officer since February 2015.  He 

was an Executive Vice President from August 2008 to February 2015 and an Operating Officer from November 2006 to 
February 2015.  He is also a Director of Nordson Corporation.

Ms. Suever has been Executive Vice President - Finance & Administration and Chief Financial Officer since April 2017. 

She was Vice President and Controller from December 2010 to April 2017.

Mr. Hart has been Executive Vice President - Human Resources & External Affairs since January 2016.  He was Vice 

President - Total Rewards from August 2013 to January 2016.

Mr. Bowman has been Vice President and President - Instrumentation Group since September 2016. He was Vice 

President, Operations - Filtration Group from March 2015 to August 2016; and Vice President, Operations - Fluid Connectors 
Group from November 2007 to February 2015.

Mr. Gentile has been Vice President - Global Supply Chain since July 2017. He was General Manager of the Company's 

domnick hunter Process Filtration Division from December 2013 to July 2017; and Vice President, Supply Chain - Filtration 
Group from July 2008 to December 2013.

Mr. Leombruno has been Vice President and Controller since July 2017. He was Vice President and Controller - 

Engineered Materials Group from January 2015 to June 2017; and Director of Investor Relations from June 2012 to December 
2014.

14

Mr. Leonti has been Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since July 2014.  He was Assistant Secretary from 

April 2011 to July 2014; and Associate General Counsel from January 2008 to July 2014.

Mr. Malone has been Vice President and President of the Filtration Group since December 2014.  He was Vice President - 

Operations of the Filtration Group from January 2013 to December 2014.

Ms. Parmentier has been Vice President and President of the Engineered Materials Group since September 2015.  She 

was General Manager of the Hose Products Division from May 2014 to September 2015; and General Manager of the Sporlan 
Division from May 2012 to May 2014.

Mr. Ross has been Vice President since July 2012 and President of the Fluid Connectors Group since September 2015.  

He was President of the Engineered Materials Group from July 2012 to September 2015.

Mr. Weeks has been Vice President and President of the Motion Systems Group since September 2015.  He was Vice 

President - Operations of the Aerospace Group from April 2013 to September 2015.

ITEM 2.  Properties. The Company’s corporate headquarters is located in Cleveland, Ohio, and, at June 30, 2018, the 

Company had 310 manufacturing plants, 119 distribution centers and 157 sales and administrative offices throughout the world, 
none of which were individually material to its operations. The facilities are situated in 39 states within the United States and in 
49 other countries. The Company owns the majority of its manufacturing plants, and its leased properties primarily consist of 
sales and administrative offices and distribution centers. The number of facilities used by each of the Company’s operating 
segments is summarized by type and geographic location in the tables below:
 

 

 
Diversified Industrial
Aerospace Systems
Total

 

 
 
Diversified Industrial
Aerospace Systems
Total

Type of Facility

Manufacturing

Plants

Distribution

Centers

Sales and

Administrative 

Offices

291
19
310

115
4
119

144
13
157

North America
271
30
301

Geographic Location

Europe

Asia-Pacific

154
4
158

113
2
115

Latin America
12
—
12

Several facilities are shared between the Company’s operating segments. To avoid double counting, each shared facility is 

counted once, primarily in the Diversified Industrial Segment.

The Company believes that its properties have been adequately maintained, are in good condition generally and are 

suitable and adequate for its business as presently conducted. The extent to which the Company uses its properties varies by 
property and from time to time. The Company believes that its restructuring efforts have brought capacity levels closer to 
present and anticipated needs. Most of the Company’s manufacturing facilities remain capable of handling volume increases.

ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings.  None.

ITEM 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  Not applicable.

15

PART II

ITEM 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 

Securities.

(a)  Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity. The Company’s common stock is listed for trading on the New York 
Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol "PH". Information regarding stock price as reported on the NYSE and 
dividend information with respect to the Company’s common stock, is included in the table below. 

(In dollars)

2018 High
Low
Dividends

2017 High
Low
Dividends

2016 High
Low
Dividends

$

$

$

$

$

$

1st
177.61
153.65
0.66

126.59
105.00
0.63

117.98
94.64
0.63

$

$

$

2nd
200.82
170.66
0.66

145.44
118.77
0.63

108.00
93.47
0.63

$

$

$

3rd
212.80
167.50
0.66

161.23
139.92
0.66

113.51
83.32
0.63

4th
183.91
152.47
0.76

166.60
151.17
0.66

117.78
99.10
0.63

$

$

$

Fiscal Year
212.80
152.47
2.74

166.60
105.00
2.58

117.98
83.32
2.52

As of July 31, 2018, the number of shareholders of record of the Company was 3,478.

(b)  Use of Proceeds. Not Applicable.

(c)  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Period
April 1, 2018 through April 30, 2018
May 1, 2018 through May 31, 2018
June 1, 2018 through June 30, 2018

Total

(a) Total
Number
of Shares
Purchased
96,100
704,770
97,647
898,517

(b) Average
Price Paid
Per Share

$
$
$
$

170.96
166.21
168.11
166.92

(c) Total Number of
Shares Purchased
as Part of Publicly
Announced Plans
or Programs (1)

(d) Maximum Number

(or Approximate
Dollar Value) of

Shares that May Yet

Be Purchased

Under the Plans or

Programs

96,100
704,770
97,647
898,517

16,404,510
15,699,740
15,602,093
15,602,093

 
(1) 

On October 22, 2014, the Company publicly announced that the Board of Directors increased the overall maximum 
number of shares authorized for repurchase under this program so that, beginning on such date, the aggregate number 
of shares authorized for repurchase was 35 million shares.  There is no limitation on the amount of shares that can be 
repurchased in a year.  There is no expiration date for this program.

ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data. 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share information)
Net sales
Net income attributable to common shareholders
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Cash dividends per share
Total assets
Long-term debt

$

$

2017
12,029,312
983,412
7.37
7.25
2.58
15,489,904
4,861,895

$

2016
11,360,753
806,840
5.96
5.89
2.52
12,034,142
2,652,457

$

2015
12,711,744
1,012,140
7.08
6.97
2.37
12,254,279
2,698,957

2014
13,215,971
1,041,048
6.98
6.87
1.86
13,249,907
1,498,234

$

2018
14,302,392
1,060,801
7.98
7.83
2.74
15,320,087
4,318,559

16

ITEM 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Forward-Looking Statements
Forward-looking statements contained in this and other written and oral reports are made based on known events and 
circumstances at the time of release, and as such, are subject in the future to unforeseen uncertainties and risks.  All statements 
regarding future performance, earnings projections, events or developments are forward-looking statements.  It is possible that 
the future performance and earnings projections of the Company, including its individual segments, may differ materially from 
current expectations, depending on economic conditions within its mobile, industrial and aerospace markets, and the 
Company's ability to maintain and achieve anticipated benefits associated with announced realignment activities, strategic 
initiatives to improve operating margins, actions taken to combat the effects of the current economic environment, and growth, 
innovation and global diversification initiatives.  Additionally, the actual impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJ Act) 
may affect future performance and earnings projections as the amounts reflected in this period are preliminary estimates and 
exact amounts will not be determined until a later date, and there may be other judicial or regulatory interpretations of the TCJ 
Act that may also affect these estimates and the actual impact on the Company.  A change in the economic conditions in 
individual markets may have a particularly volatile effect on segment performance.
Among other factors which may affect future performance are:

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• 

• 

changes in business relationships with and purchases by or from major customers, suppliers or distributors, 
including delays or cancellations in shipments;
disputes regarding contract terms or significant changes in financial condition, changes in contract cost and 
revenue estimates for new development programs, and changes in product mix;
ability to identify acceptable strategic acquisition targets; uncertainties surrounding timing, successful completion 
or integration of acquisitions and similar transactions, including the integration of CLARCOR Inc. (Clarcor); 
ability to successfully divest businesses planned for divestiture and realize the anticipated benefits of such 
divestitures;
the determination to undertake business realignment activities and the expected costs thereof and, if undertaken, 
the ability to complete such activities and realize the anticipated cost savings from such activities;
ability to implement successfully the Company's capital allocation initiatives, including timing, price and 
execution of share repurchases;
availability, limitations or cost increases of raw materials, component products and/or commodities that cannot be 
recovered in product pricing; 
ability to manage costs related to insurance and employee retirement and health care benefits;
compliance costs associated with environmental laws and regulations;
potential labor disruptions;
threats associated with and efforts to combat terrorism and cyber-security risks;
uncertainties surrounding the ultimate resolution of outstanding legal proceedings, including the outcome of any 
appeals;
global competitive market conditions, including global reactions to U.S. trade polices, and resulting effects on 
sales and pricing; and
global economic factors, including manufacturing activity, air travel trends, currency exchange rates, difficulties 
entering new markets and general economic conditions such as inflation, deflation, interest rates and credit 
availability.

The Company makes these statements as of the date of the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
June 30, 2018, and undertakes no obligation to update them unless otherwise required by law.

17

Overview
The Company is a leading worldwide diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing 
precision engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets.

The Company's order rates provide a near-term perspective of the Company's outlook particularly when viewed in the context 
of prior and future order rates.  The Company publishes its order rates on a quarterly basis.  The lead time between the time an 
order is received and revenue is realized generally ranges from one day to 12 weeks for mobile and industrial orders and from 
one day to 18 months for aerospace orders.  The Company believes the leading economic indicators of these markets that have 
a correlation to the Company's future order rates are as follows:

• 

Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) on manufacturing activity specific to regions around the world with respect to most 
mobile and industrial markets;

•  Global aircraft miles flown and global revenue passenger miles for commercial aerospace markets and Department of 

Defense spending for military aerospace markets; and

•  Housing starts with respect to the North American residential air conditioning market and certain mobile construction 

markets.  

A PMI above 50 indicates that the manufacturing activity specific to a region of the world in the mobile and industrial markets 
is expanding.  A PMI below 50 indicates the opposite.  Recent PMI levels for some regions around the world were as follows:  

United States
Eurozone countries
China
Brazil

June 30, 2018
60.2
54.9
51.0
49.8

March 31, 2018
59.3
56.6
51.0
53.4

June 30, 2017
57.8
57.4
50.4
50.5

 
Global aircraft miles flown increased by approximately six percent and global revenue passenger miles increased 
approximately seven percent from their comparable 2017 levels.  The Company anticipates that U.S. Department of Defense 
spending with regards to appropriations and operations and maintenance for the U.S. Government's fiscal year 2018 will 
increase by approximately two percent from their fiscal 2017 level.
 
Housing starts in June 2018 were 11 percent lower than housing starts in March 2018 and four percent lower than housing 
starts in June 2017.

The Company believes many opportunities for profitable growth are available.  The Company intends to focus primarily on 
business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure and transportation.  

The Company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by:

• 
• 

Serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the Company;
Successfully executing its Win Strategy initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable 
growth and financial performance;

•  Maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure;
• 
•  Engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency 

Fostering a safety first and entrepreneurial culture;

and productivity;

•  Delivering products, systems and services that have demonstrable savings to customers and are priced by the value 

they deliver; 

•  Acquiring strategic businesses; 
•  Organizing around targeted regions, technologies and markets;
•  Driving efficiency by implementing lean enterprise principles; and 
•  Creating a culture of empowerment through its values, inclusion and diversity, accountability and teamwork.

18

Acquisitions will be considered from time to time to the extent there is a strong strategic fit, while at the same time maintaining 
the Company’s strong financial position.  In addition, the Company will continue to assess its existing businesses and initiate 
efforts to divest businesses that are not considered to be a good long-term strategic fit for the Company.  Future business 
divestitures could have a negative effect on the Company’s results of operations.

The discussion below is structured to separately discuss the financial statements presented in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K.  The term "year" and references to specific years refer to the applicable fiscal year.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

The Consolidated Statement of Income summarizes the Company's operating performance over the last three years.

(dollars in millions)
Net sales
Gross profit margin
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percent of sales
Interest expense
Other (income), net
(Gain) on disposal of assets
Effective tax rate
Net income attributable to common shareholders

2018
14,302

24.7%
1,657
11.6%
214
(29)
(4)

37.7%
1,061

$

$

$

$

2017
12,029

23.6%
1,454
12.1%
162
(61)
(43)
26.0%
983

$

$

$

$

2016
11,361

22.3%
1,359
12.0%
137
(62)
(11)
27.6%
807

$

$

$

$

Net sales in 2018 were 18.9 percent higher than 2017.  The increase in net sales in 2018 was a result of an increase in volume 
in both the Diversified Industrial North American and Diversified Industrial International operations and acquisitions 
completed during 2017, which contributed approximately $970 million to current-year incremental net sales.  The effect of 
currency rate changes increased net sales in 2018 by approximately $295 million, of which $270 million was attributable to the 
Diversified Industrial International operations.  Net sales in 2017 were 5.9 percent higher than 2016.  The increase in net sales 
in 2017 was primarily a result of acquisitions made in 2017 (which contributed approximately $558 million in sales in 2017) 
and an increase in volume in both the Diversified Industrial International operations and the Aerospace Systems Segment, 
partially offset by the effect of currency rate changes (which decreased net sales in 2017 by approximately $84 million).

Gross profit margin (calculated as net sales less cost of sales, divided by net sales) increased in 2018 primarily due to higher 
margins in the Aerospace Systems Segment resulting from a favorable product mix.  All segments benefited from lower 
operating expenses related to simplification and realignment efforts.  These benefits were partially offset by unfavorable 
product mix, unfavorable raw material prices and inefficiencies created by manufacturing facility consolidations which 
contributed to lower margins in the Diversified Industrial North American and Diversified Industrial International operations 
during 2018.  Gross profit margin increased in 2017 primarily due to lower operating expenses resulting from the Company's 
simplification initiative and other restructuring activities, primarily experienced in the Diversified Industrial Segment, partially 
offset by lower margins in the Aerospace Systems Segment.  Foreign currency transaction loss (relating to cash, marketable 
securities and other investments and intercompany transactions) included in cost of sales for 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $7.3 
million, $8.1 million and $22.7 million, respectively.  Pension cost included in cost of sales in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $86.1 
million, $135.0 million and $172.4 million, respectively.  Included in cost of sales in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were business 
realignment charges of $44.9 million, $35.9 million and $76.2 million, respectively.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 14.0 percent in 2018 and increased 7.0 percent in 2017.  The increase 
in 2018 was primarily due to higher sales expense resulting from an increase in sales, higher amortization expense resulting 
from recent acquisitions and higher incentive compensation, partially offset by lower acquisition expenses.  The increase in 
2017 was primarily due to higher amortization expense resulting from recent acquisitions and higher acquisition expenses, 
partially offset by lower expenses resulting from the Company's simplification initiative, lower expenses associated with the 
Company's deferred compensation program and lower professional services expenses. Pension cost included in selling, general 
and administrative expenses in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $36.9 million, $65.8 million and $74.4 million, respectively.  Included 
in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were business realignment charges of $36.8 million, 
$19.7 million and $21.1 million, respectively.

19

Interest expense in 2018 increased primarily due to higher weighted-average borrowings and higher weighted-average interest 
rates.  Interest expense in 2017 increased primarily due to higher weighted-average borrowings, partially offset by lower 
weighted-average interest rates.

Other (income), net in 2018, 2017 and 2016 includes $50.5 million, $42.4 million, and $25.6 million of income, respectively, 
related to the Company's equity interests in joint ventures. Other (income), net in 2018 also includes a writedown of an 
investment of $27.4 million and a loss on the sale of an investment of $13.8 million.

(Gain) on disposal of assets includes a loss of $20 million on the sale of a business in 2018, a gain of $42 million related to the 
sale of a product line in 2017 and a gain of $11.5 million related to the sale of businesses in 2016.

Effective tax rate in 2018 was higher than the comparable prior-year period primarily due to the net impact of one-time 
adjustments recorded as a result of the TCJ Act.  See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 
8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the impact of the TCJ Act.  Excluding the impact of the TCJ Act 
one-time adjustments, the effective tax rate for 2018 was lower primarily due to the reduced U.S. income tax rate resulting 
from enactment of the TCJ Act and a net increase in discrete tax benefits, partially offset by an increase in taxes related to 
international activities.  The effective tax rate in 2017 was favorably impacted by an increase of discrete tax benefits, mostly 
related to stock-based compensation expense.

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Business Segment information presents sales, operating income and assets on a basis that is consistent with the manner in 
which the Company's various businesses are managed for internal review and decision-making.

Diversified Industrial Segment
 

   

 

(dollars in millions)
Sales

North America
International

Operating income
North America
International

Operating income as a percent of sales

North America
International

Backlog
Assets
Return on average assets

2018

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

6,727
5,260

1,076
765

16.0%
14.5%
2,167
13,369

13.8%

$

5,367
4,378

874
579

16.3%
13.2%
2,041
13,367

13.1%

$

4,955
4,145

790
448

15.9%
10.8%
1,455
8,729
14.2%

20

The Diversified Industrial Segment operations experienced the following percentage changes in net sales: 

2018

2017

Diversified Industrial North America – as reported
Acquisitions
Divestitures
Currency
Diversified Industrial North America – without acquisitions, divestitures and currency

Diversified Industrial International – as reported
Acquisitions
Divestitures
Currency
Diversified Industrial International – without acquisitions, divestitures and currency

Total Diversified Industrial Segment – as reported
Acquisitions
Divestitures
Currency
Total Diversified Industrial Segment – without acquisitions, divestitures and currency

25.3 %
14.9 %
(0.1)%
0.4 %
10.1 %

20.1 %
3.9 %
(0.2)%
6.2 %
10.2 %

23.0 %
10.0 %
(0.2)%
3.0 %
10.2 %

8.3 %
8.8 %
— %
(0.3)%
(0.2)%

5.6 %
2.9 %
— %
(1.6)%
4.3 %

7.1 %
6.1 %
— %
(0.9)%
1.9 %

The above presentation reconciles the percentage changes in net sales of the Diversified Industrial Segment reported in 
accordance with U.S. GAAP to percentage changes in net sales adjusted to remove the effects of acquisitions and divestitures 
made within the prior four fiscal quarters as well as the effects of currency exchange rates (a non-GAAP measure).  The effects 
of acquisitions, divestitures and currency exchange rates are removed to allow investors and the Company to meaningfully 
evaluate the percentage changes in net sales on a comparable basis from period to period.

Sales in 2018 for the Diversified Industrial North American operations increased 25.3 percent from 2017 as compared to 
increasing 8.3 percent from 2016 to 2017.  Acquisitions completed during 2017 contributed approximately $798 million in 
incremental sales in 2018, and the effect of currency exchange rates increased sales in 2018 by $20 million.  Excluding 
acquisitions, divestitures and the effect of currency rate changes, sales in 2018 for the Diversified Industrial North American 
operations increased 10.1 percent from prior-year levels reflecting higher demand from distributors and end users in the 
construction equipment, cars and light trucks, heavy-duty truck, oil and gas, and general industrial machinery markets.  
Excluding acquisitions and the effect of currency rate changes, sales in 2017 for the Diversified Industrial North American 
operations remained flat from 2016 levels reflecting higher demand from distributors offset by lower demand from end users in 
the heavy-duty truck, cars and light trucks, life sciences, and oil and gas markets.

Sales in the Diversified Industrial International operations increased 20.1 percent in 2018 as compared to increasing 5.6 percent 
from 2016 to 2017.  Acquisitions completed in 2017 contributed approximately $173 million in incremental sales in 2018.  The 
effect of currency rate changes increased sales by $270 million, reflecting the weakening of the U.S. dollar primarily against 
currencies in the Eurozone countries, China and the United Kingdom.  Excluding acquisitions, divestitures and the effect of 
currency rate changes, sales in 2018 for the Diversified Industrial International operations increased 10.2 percent from 2017 
levels due to higher volume in all regions. The Asia Pacific region contributed approximately 50 percent of the increase in sales 
due to higher demand from distributors as well as end users in the construction equipment, semiconductor and engine markets, 
partially offset by lower end-user demand in the telecommunications and marine markets.  Europe contributed approximately 
40 percent of the increase in sales due to higher demand from distributors and end users in the construction equipment, mining, 
heavy-duty truck and engine markets, partially offset by lower end-user demand in the power generation market.  Within Latin 
America, higher demand from distributors and end users in the construction equipment and heavy-duty truck markets 
contributed to the increase in sales.

21

Excluding acquisitions and the effect of currency rate changes, sales in 2017 in the Diversified Industrial International 
operations increased 4.3 percent from 2016, primarily due to higher volume in the Asia Pacific region and Latin America, 
partially offset by lower volume in Europe.  Within the Asia Pacific region, higher demand was experienced from distributors 
as well as end users in the semiconductor, cars and light trucks, telecommunications, construction equipment and engine 
markets.  Within Latin America, higher demand was experienced from distributors and end-user demand in the agriculture 
equipment market.  Within Europe, higher demand from distributors and end-user demand in the construction equipment, 
forestry, and miscellaneous manufacturing markets was more than offset by lower end-user demand in the general industrial 
machinery, oil and gas, and marine markets.

The lower operating margins in 2018 in the Diversified Industrial North American operations were primarily due to an 
unfavorable product mix, unfavorable raw material prices, higher amortization expense and inefficiencies created by 
manufacturing facility consolidations, partially offset by the impact of higher sales volume and lower operating expenses 
resulting from prior-year restructuring activities and the Company's simplification initiative.  The increase in operating margins 
in 2018 for the Diversified Industrial International operations was primarily due to higher sales volume and lower operating 
expenses resulting from restructuring activities and the Company's simplification initiative, partially offset by higher 
amortization expense, inefficiencies created by manufacturing facility consolidations and an unfavorable product mix.

The increase in operating margins in 2017 in the Diversified Industrial North American operations was primarily due to lower 
operating expenses resulting from the Company's simplification initiative and other restructuring activities, resulting in 
manufacturing efficiencies, partially offset by higher acquisition-related expenses and higher amortization expense.  The 
increase in operating margins in 2017 in the Diversified Industrial International operations was primarily due to the higher sales 
volume, lower operating expenses resulting from restructuring activities and the Company's simplification initiative, resulting 
in manufacturing efficiencies.

The following business realignment charges and acquisition integration costs are included in Diversified Industrial North 
America and Diversified Industrial International operating income:
   

(dollars in millions)
Diversified Industrial North America
Diversified Industrial International

$

2018

2017

2016

$

37
41

$

20
33

31
60

The business realignment charges consist primarily of severance and plant closure costs related to actions taken under the 
Company's simplification initiative aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity, which is being implemented by 
its operating units throughout the world.  The majority of the Diversified Industrial International business realignment charges 
were incurred in Europe.  In addition to the business realignment charges presented in the table above, the Company recognized 
$12 million of expense associated with enhanced retirement benefits in connection with a plant closure during 2016.  The 
Company anticipates that cost savings realized from the work force reduction measures taken during 2018 will increase 2019 
operating income by approximately three percent in both the Diversified Industrial North American and Diversified Industrial 
International operations.  In 2019, the Company expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the 
operations of the Diversified Industrial Segment, including the continued integration of 2017 acquisitions.  Such actions are 
expected to result in approximately $35 million in charges in 2019.

The Company anticipates Diversified Industrial North American sales for 2019 will increase between 2.6 and 5.6 percent from 
the 2018 level and Diversified Industrial International sales for 2019 will range between a 2.5 percent decrease and 0.5 percent 
increase from the 2018 level.  Diversified Industrial North American operating margins in 2019 are expected to range from 16.4 
to 17.2 percent and Diversified Industrial International margins are expected to range from 15.3 to 15.7 percent.

The increase in total Diversified Industrial Segment backlog in 2018 was primarily due to orders exceeding shipments in the 
Asia Pacific region and North America, with the Asia Pacific region accounting for approximately 60 percent of the increase 
and North America accounting for approximately 40 percent of the increase.  The increase in total Diversified Industrial 
Segment backlog in 2017 was primarily due to recent acquisitions as well as orders exceeding shipments in all regions, with 
North America and Europe each accounting for approximately 40 percent of the increase.  Backlog consists of written firm 
orders from a customer to deliver products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, only includes the portion of the order for 
which a schedule or release date has been agreed to with the customer.  The dollar value of backlog is equal to the amount that 
is expected to be billed to the customer and reported as a sale. 

22

Diversified Industrial Segment assets in 2018 remained flat as compared to the 2017 balance.  At June 30, 2018, increases in 
cash and cash equivalents and trade accounts receivable were offset by a decrease in intangible assets.  The increase in total 
Diversified Industrial Segment assets in 2017 was primarily due to acquisitions, partially offset by the effect of currency rate 
fluctuations. 

Aerospace Systems Segment
 

       

         

(dollars in millions)
Sales
Operating income
Operating income as a percent of sales
Backlog
Assets
Return on average assets

2018

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

2,316
398
17.2%
1,954
1,447
27.8%

$

$

2,285
337
14.8%
1,753
1,413
23.7%

2,260
338
14.9%
1,762
1,431
24.1%

Sales in 2018 were higher than the 2017 level primarily due to higher volume in the commercial and military aftermarket 
businesses, partially offset by lower volume in the commercial and military original equipment manufacturer (OEM) 
businesses.  Sales in 2017 were higher than the 2016 level primarily due to higher volume in the military OEM and commercial 
and military aftermarket businesses, partially offset by lower volume in the commercial OEM business. 

The higher margin in 2018 was primarily due to a favorable product mix resulting from higher aftermarket volume and 
profitability and lower engineering development and operating expenses, partially offset by unfavorable contract settlements 
and higher product support costs.  The slightly lower margin in 2017 was primarily due to an unfavorable OEM product mix, 
higher warranty-related costs, higher favorable contract settlements in 2016 and higher business realignment expenses, partially 
offset by higher aftermarket profitability and lower engineering development and operating expenses. 

The increase in backlog in 2018 was primarily due to orders exceeding shipments in the commercial and military OEM 
businesses and the commercial and military aftermarket businesses.  The decrease in backlog in 2017 was primarily due to 
shipments exceeding orders in the commercial and military OEM businesses, partially offset by orders exceeding shipments in 
the commercial and military aftermarket businesses. Backlog consists of written firm orders from a customer to deliver 
products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, only includes the portion of the order for which a schedule or release date 
has been agreed to with the customer.  The dollar value of backlog is equal to the amount that is expected to be billed to the 
customer and reported as a sale. 

For 2019, sales are expected to increase between 2.5 and 4.5 percent from the 2018 level and operating margins are expected to 
range from 17.2 to 17.6 percent.  A higher concentration of commercial OEM volume in future product mix and higher than 
expected new product development costs could result in lower margins.

The increase in assets in 2018 was primarily due to increases in trade accounts receivable and other receivables, partially offset 
by a decrease in other assets.  The decrease in assets in 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in trade accounts receivable, 
intangible assets and other assets, partially offset by an increase in cash and cash equivalents and inventory. 

Corporate general and administrative expenses were $200.9 million in 2018 compared to $172.6 million in 2017 and $173.2 
million in 2016.  As a percent of sales, corporate general and administrative expenses in both 2018 and 2017 were 1.4 percent 
compared to 1.5 percent in 2016.  The higher expense in 2018 was primarily due to higher expenses associated with the 
Company's incentive compensation programs.  The lower expense in 2017 was primarily due to lower expenses associated with 
the Company's deferred compensation program as well as lower professional services fees.

Corporate assets decreased 28.9 percent in 2018 compared to a decrease of 62.1 percent from 2016 to 2017.  The decrease in 
Corporate assets in 2018 was primarily due to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by an increase in non-
current deferred taxes.  The decrease in Corporate assets in 2017 was primarily due to decreases in cash and cash equivalents, 
marketable securities and non-current deferred taxes.  Decreases in these assets in 2017 primarily resulted from the Clarcor 
acquisition.

23

Other expense (in the Business Segment Information) 

(dollars in millions)
Expense (income)
Foreign currency transaction
Stock-based compensation
Pensions
Divestitures and asset sales and writedowns
Sale and writedown of investments
Interest income
Acquisition expenses
Other items, net

2018

2017

2016

$

$

7
51
26
(4)
41
(15)
5
11
122

$

$

8
52
78
(43)
—
(12)
41
3
127

$

$

23
49
116
(11)
—
(18)
—
(8)
151

Foreign currency transaction primarily relates to the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash, marketable securities 
and other investments and intercompany transactions.  The lower pension expense in 2018 is primarily due to a lower level of 
amortization of past actuarial losses.  The lower pension expense in 2017 is primarily due to a change in methodology to use of 
the spot yield curve approach to estimate the interest cost component of net periodic pension cost instead of the single-weighted 
average discount rate.  Divestitures and asset sales and writedowns in 2018 includes a net gain on the sale of assets, partially 
offset by a loss on the sale of the global Facet filtration business.  Divestitures and asset sales and writedowns in 2017 includes 
a gain on the sale of the Company's Autoline product line.  Acquisition expenses in 2017 primarily relate to Clarcor (see Note 2 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion).

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

The Consolidated Balance Sheet shows the Company's financial position at year-end, compared with the previous year-end.  
This discussion provides information to assist in assessing factors such as the Company's liquidity and financial resources. 

(dollars in millions)
Cash
Trade accounts receivable, net
Inventories
Shareholders' equity
Working capital
Current ratio

$

$

2018

855
2,146
1,621
5,860
1,888
1.6

$

$

2017

924
1,931
1,549
5,262
1,384
1.4

Cash (comprised of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities and other investments) includes $836 million and 
$874 million held by the Company's foreign subsidiaries at June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  As a result of the TCJ Act, 
the prior worldwide tax system was replaced by a territorial tax system, which generally allows companies to repatriate future 
foreign source earnings without incurring additional U.S. federal taxes.  However, other U.S. or foreign taxes may be incurred 
should cash be distributed between the Company's subsidiaries.  The Company has determined it will no longer permanently 
reinvest certain foreign earnings.  All other undistributed foreign earnings remain permanently reinvested.  Refer to Note 4 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.

Trade accounts receivable, net are receivables due from customers for sales of product.  Days sales outstanding relating to 
trade receivables for the Company was 51 days in both 2018 and 2017.  The Company believes that its receivables are 
collectible and appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts have been recorded. 

Inventories increased $72 million from 2017 primarily due to a $107 million increase in inventories in the Diversified 
Industrial Segment, partially offset by a decrease of $20 million related to a sale of a business and a decrease of $10 million in 
the Aerospace Systems Segment.  Days supply of inventory on hand was 64 days in 2018 and 67 days in 2017.

24

Shareholders' equity activity during 2018 included a decrease of $300 million related to share repurchases, an increase of 
$179 million related to pensions and postretirement benefits resulting from net actuarial gains and amortizations and a decrease 
of $18 million related to foreign currency translation adjustments. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows reflects cash inflows and outflows from the Company's operating, investing and 
financing activities.

A summary of cash flows follows:

(dollars in millions)
Cash provided by (used in):

Operating activities
Investing activities
Financing activities
Effect of exchange rates
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

2018

2017

2016

$

$

$

1,600
20
(1,682)
(1)
(63) $

$

1,302
(3,365)
1,783
(57)
(337) $

1,211
(265)
(843)
(62)
41

Cash flows from operating activities in 2018 reflects an increase in net income from 2017 of $77 million and a reduction of 
$251 million for cash used by working capital items.  Cash flows from operating activities in 2017 reflects an increase in net 
income from 2016 of $177 million and a reduction of $28 million for cash used by working capital items.  Cash flows from 
operating activities in 2016 reflects an increase of $120 million for cash provided by working capital items.  The Company also 
made discretionary cash contributions to the Company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan of $220 million in 2017 and 
$200 million in 2016.

Cash flows from investing activities in 2018 benefited from proceeds related to the sale of the global Facet filtration business, 
and sale of plant and equipment.  Cash flows from investing activity in 2017 includes $4,069 million related to acquisition 
activities, primarily for the Clarcor acquisition.  Cash flows from investing activities in 2018, 2017, and 2016 also includes $3 
million, $814 million, and $(51) million, respectively, in net maturities (purchases) of marketable securities and other 
investments. 

Cash flows from financing activities during 2018 included the repayment of long-term debt of approximately $945 million. 
Cash flows from financing activities during 2017 included the issuance of approximately $2,646 million of notional borrowings 
of long-term debt as well as the repayment of long-term debt of approximately $381 million, which includes debt assumed in 
the Clarcor acquisition. The Company repurchased 1.7 million common shares for $300 million during 2018 as compared to the 
repurchase of 2.0 million common shares for $265 million in 2017 and 5.1 million common shares for $558 million in 2016.

Dividends have been paid for 272 consecutive quarters, including a yearly increase in dividends for the last 62 years.  The 
current annual dividend rate is $3.04 per common share.

The Company’s goal is to maintain no less than an “A” rating on senior debt to ensure availability and reasonable cost of 
external funds.  In periods following significant capital deployment, including for share repurchases or acquisitions, certain of 
the ratings assigned to the Company's senior debt may be, and at June 30, 2018 and 2017 were, lower than the stated goal.  The 
Company's ability to borrow funds at desirable tenors and interest rates in 2018 and 2017 was not significantly impacted by 
certain ratings on senior debt that were below an "A" level.  The Company does not believe that its ability to borrow funds in 
the future at desirable tenors and affordable interest rates will be impacted if certain of its ratings are below an "A" level at the 
time of such borrowings.  At June 30, 2018, the long-term credit ratings assigned to the Company's senior debt securities by the 
credit rating agencies engaged by the Company were as follows:  

Fitch Ratings
Moody's Investor Services, Inc.
Standard & Poor's

A-
Baa1
A

25

As of June 30, 2018, the Company had a line of credit totaling $2,000 million through a multi-currency revolving credit 
agreement with a group of banks, of which $1,466 million was available at June 30, 2018.  Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.

The Company is currently authorized to sell up to $2,000 million of short-term commercial paper notes.  There were $534 
million outstanding commercial paper notes as of June 30, 2018, and the largest amount of commercial paper notes outstanding 
during the last quarter of 2018 was $736 million.

The Company's credit agreements and indentures governing certain debt agreements contain various covenants, the violation of 
which would limit or preclude the use of the applicable agreements for future borrowings, or might accelerate the maturity of 
the related outstanding borrowings covered by the applicable agreements.  The Company is in compliance with all covenants 
and expects to remain in compliance during the term of the credit agreements and indentures.

Contractual Obligations - The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest, for uncertain tax positions 
was $175 million at June 30, 2018.  Payment of these obligations would result from settlements with worldwide taxing 
authorities.  Due to the difficulty in determining the timing of the settlements, these obligations are not included in the 
following summary of the Company's fixed contractual obligations.  References to Notes are to the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(dollars in millions)

Payments due by period

Contractual obligations
Transition tax payments related to TCJ Act (Note 4)
Long-term debt (Note 9)
Interest on long-term debt
Operating leases (Note 9)
Retirement benefits (Note 10)
Total

$

$

Total
255
4,460
2,375
226
124
7,440

Less than 1
year
20
100
152
79
76
427

$

$

$

$

1-3 years
41
—
303
92
12
448

$

$

3-5 years
41
417
279
27
11
775

More than 5
years
153
3,943
1,641
28
25
5,790

$

$

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

The Company does not have off-balance sheet arrangements.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements 
and accompanying notes.  The policies discussed below are considered by management to be more critical than other policies 
because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment.

Revenue Recognition - Substantially all of the Diversified Industrial Segment revenues are recognized when persuasive 
evidence of an arrangement exists, product has shipped and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred or services 
have been rendered, the price to the customer is fixed and determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured, which is 
generally at the time the product is shipped.  The Aerospace Systems Segment recognizes revenues primarily using the 
percentage-of-completion method, and the extent of progress toward completion is primarily measured using the units-of-
delivery method. The Company estimates costs to complete long-term contracts for purposes of evaluating and establishing 
contract reserves.  The estimation of these costs requires judgment on the part of management due to the duration of the 
contractual agreements as well as the technical nature of the products involved.  Adjustments to cost estimates are made on a 
consistent basis and a contract reserve is established when the estimated costs to complete a contract exceed the expected 
contract revenues. 

26

Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets - Goodwill is tested for impairment, at the reporting unit level, on an annual 
basis and between annual tests whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may 
exceed its fair value.  For the Company, a reporting unit is one level below the operating segment level.  Determining whether 
an impairment has occurred requires the valuation of the respective reporting unit, which the Company has consistently 
estimated using primarily a discounted cash flow model.  The Company believes that the use of a discounted cash flow model 
results in the most accurate calculation of a reporting unit's fair value since the market value for a reporting unit is not readily 
available.  The discounted cash flow analysis requires several assumptions including future sales growth and operating margin 
levels as well as assumptions regarding future industry specific market conditions.  Each reporting unit regularly prepares 
discrete operating forecasts and uses these forecasts as the basis for the assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis.  
The Company has consistently used a discount rate commensurate with its cost of capital, adjusted for inherent business risks, 
and an appropriate terminal growth factor.  The Company also reconciles the estimated aggregate fair value of its reporting 
units as derived from the discounted cash flow analysis to the Company's overall market capitalization.  

The results of the Company's 2018 annual goodwill impairment test performed as of December 31, 2017 indicated that no 
goodwill impairment existed.  However, certain reporting units within the Diversified Industrial Segment had estimated fair 
values that the Company determined, from a quantitative and qualitative perspective, were not significantly in excess of their 
carrying values.  For these reporting units, the sales growth assumptions had the most significant influence on the estimation of 
fair value. The key uncertainties in these sales growth assumptions include end-market growth, the ability to secure business 
with new customers and new product development.  The Company continually monitors its reporting units for impairment 
indicators and updates assumptions used in the most recent calculation of the fair value of a reporting unit as appropriate. The 
Company is unaware of any current market trends that are contrary to the assumptions made in the estimation of the fair value 
of any of its reporting units.  If actual experience is not consistent with the assumptions made in the estimation of the fair value 
of the reporting units, it is possible that the estimated fair value of certain reporting units could fall below their carrying value 
resulting in the necessity to conduct additional goodwill impairment tests.  

Long-lived assets held for use, which primarily includes finite-lived intangible assets and plant and equipment, are evaluated 
for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the undiscounted net cash flows to be generated by their use 
over their expected useful lives and eventual disposition are less than their carrying value. The long-term nature of these assets 
requires the estimation of their cash inflows and outflows several years into the future and only takes into consideration 
technological advances known at the time of the impairment test.  During 2018, there were no events or circumstances that 
indicated that the carrying value of the Company's long-lived assets held for use were not recoverable. 

Pensions - The annual net periodic expense and benefit obligations related to the Company's defined benefit plans are 
determined on an actuarial basis.  This determination requires critical assumptions regarding the discount rate, long-term rate of 
return on plan assets, increases in compensation levels and amortization periods for actuarial gains and losses.  Assumptions are 
determined based on Company data and appropriate market indicators, and are evaluated each year as of the plans' 
measurement date.  Changes in the assumptions to reflect actual experience as well as the amortization of actuarial gains and 
losses could result in a material change in the annual net periodic expense and benefit obligations reported in the financial 
statements.  Beginning in 2017, the Company changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of 
net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs from the single-weighted average discount rate to spot yield curve 
approach.  The change does not affect the measurement of the Company's benefit obligations.  The new method provides a 
more precise measure of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the 
discrete spot yield curve rates and was accounted for as a change in estimate prospectively beginning in the first quarter of 
2017.  Annual net periodic pension expense in 2017 was lower by approximately $30 million compared to the previous method.  
Annual net periodic postretirement cost was not materially different.

For the Company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan, a 50 basis point change in the assumed long-term rate of return on 
plan assets is estimated to have a $14 million effect on annual pension expense and a 50 basis point decrease in the discount 
rate is estimated to increase annual pension expense by $17 million.  As of June 30, 2018, $841 million of past years' net 
actuarial losses related to the Company's domestic qualified defined benefit plan are subject to amortization in the future.  
These losses will generally be amortized over approximately seven years and will negatively affect earnings in the future.  
Actuarial gains experienced in future years will help reduce the effect of the net actuarial loss amortization.  Further 
information on pensions is provided in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K.

27

Income Taxes - Significant judgment is required in determining the Company's income tax expense and in evaluating tax 
positions.  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities have been recorded for the differences between the financial accounting 
and income tax basis of assets and liabilities.  Factors considered by the Company in determining the probability of realizing 
deferred income tax assets include forecasted operating earnings, available tax planning strategies and the time period over 
which the temporary differences will reverse.  The Company reviews its tax positions on a regular basis and adjusts the 
balances as new information becomes available.  For those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will 
be sustained, the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon examination by a 
taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information will be recorded. For those income tax positions where it is 
not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.  

On December 22, 2017, the TCJ Act was enacted into law.  The TCJ Act significantly reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, by among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate income tax rate and creating a territorial tax system 
(with a one time transition tax imposed on previously unremitted foreign earnings and profits).  The Securities and Exchange 
Commission staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (SAB 118), which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects 
of the TCJ Act.  SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year of the TCJ Act’s enactment 
date, to complete the applicable accounting of the related tax impacts of the TCJ Act. The final impact of the TCJ Act may 
differ from the provisional amounts recorded in the current period, due to, among other things, any updates to estimates that 
have been utilized in the calculation of the tax impacts, changes in interpretation of the existing law, or additional guidance 
from U. S. Treasury department or the Internal Revenue Service.

Further information on income taxes is provided in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

Loss Contingencies - The Company has a number of loss exposures incurred in the ordinary course of business such as 
environmental claims, product liability and litigation reserves.  Establishing loss accruals for these matters requires 
management's estimate and judgment with regards to risk exposure and ultimate liability or realization. These loss accruals are 
reviewed periodically and adjustments are made to reflect the most recent facts and circumstances.

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
Recently issued accounting pronouncements are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part 
II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

The Company manages foreign currency transaction and translation risk by utilizing derivative and non-derivative financial 
instruments, including forward exchange contracts, costless collar contracts, cross-currency swap contracts and certain foreign 
denominated debt designated as net investment hedges.  The derivative financial instrument contracts are with major 
investment grade financial institutions and the Company does not anticipate any material non-performance by any of the 
counterparties.  The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.
Derivative financial instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as either assets or liabilities and are 
measured at fair value.  Further information on the fair value of these contracts is provided in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K.  Gains or losses on derivatives that are not hedges are adjusted to fair value through the Consolidated 
Statement of Income.  Gains or losses on derivatives that are hedges are adjusted to fair value through accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated Balance Sheet until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  The 
translation of the foreign denominated debt that has been designated as a net investment hedge is recorded in accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss) and remains there until the underlying net investment is sold or substantially liquidated.
The Company's debt portfolio contains variable rate debt, inherently exposing the Company to interest rate risk.  The 
Company's objective is to maintain a 60/40 mix between fixed rate and variable rate debt thereby limiting its exposure to 
changes in near-term interest rates.  A 100 basis point increase in near-term interest rates would increase annual interest 
expense on variable rate debt existing at June 30, 2018 by approximately $7 million.

28

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Business Segment Information
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statement of Equity
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page Number
in Form 10-K

32
33
34
36
37
38
39

29

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Cleveland, Ohio

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Parker-Hannifin Corporation and subsidiaries (the 
"Company") as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and 
cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2018, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the 
Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control 
over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended June 30, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial 
reporting as of June 30, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by 
COSO. 

Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over 
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the 
accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion 
on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We 
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and 
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the 
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures 
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also 
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the 
overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an 
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included 
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles.  A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures 
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

30

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/S/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE, LLP
Cleveland, Ohio
August 24, 2018 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2008.

31

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
Net Sales
Cost of sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Interest expense
Other (income), net
(Gain) on disposal of assets (Note 2)
Income before income taxes
Income taxes (Note 4)
Net Income
Less:  Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries' earnings
Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders

For the years ended June 30,

2018
$ 14,302,392
10,762,841
1,657,152
213,873
(29,268)
(4,483)
1,702,277
640,962
1,061,315
514
1,060,801

$

2017
$ 12,029,312
9,188,962
1,453,935
162,436
(61,401)
(43,261)
1,328,641
344,797
983,844
432
983,412

$

2016
$ 11,360,753
8,823,384
1,359,360
136,517
(62,199)
(11,037)
1,114,728
307,512
807,216
376
806,840

$

Earnings per Share Attributable to Common Shareholders (Note 5)

Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share

$
$

7.98
7.83

$
$

7.37
7.25

$
$

5.96
5.89

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

32

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(Dollars in thousands)
Net Income
Less: Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries' earnings
Net income attributable to common shareholders

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

 Foreign currency translation adjustment and other (net of tax of

$16,964,  $40,935 and $(2,342) in 2018, 2017 and 2016)

  Retirement benefits plan activity (net of tax of $(82,506), $(218,590)

and $152,203 in 2018, 2017 and 2016)

      Other comprehensive income (loss)
Less:  Other comprehensive income (loss) for noncontrolling interests
Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common
shareholders
Total Comprehensive Income Attributable to Common
Shareholders

For the years ended June 30,

$

$

2018
1,061,315
514
1,060,801

$

2017
983,844
432
983,412

(18,575)

179,253
160,678
(440)

161,118

(80,865)

384,784
303,919
358

303,561

2016
807,216
376
806,840

(203,299)

(286,044)
(489,343)
(196)

(489,147)

$

1,221,919

$

1,286,973

$

317,693

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

33

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

(Dollars in thousands)
Net Sales:
Diversified Industrial:

North America
International

Aerospace Systems

Segment Operating Income:
Diversified Industrial:

North America
International

Aerospace Systems
Total segment operating income
Corporate administration
Income before interest expense and other expense
Interest expense
Other expense
Income before income taxes

Assets:
Diversified Industrial
Aerospace Systems (a)
Corporate

Property Additions:
Diversified Industrial
Aerospace Systems
Corporate

Depreciation:
Diversified Industrial
Aerospace Systems
Corporate

2018

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

6,726,900
5,259,793
2,315,699
14,302,392

1,076,021
765,188
397,970
2,239,179
200,901
2,038,278
213,873
122,128
1,702,277

13,368,619
1,446,745
504,723
15,320,087

196,469
15,225
35,973
247,667

211,648
16,737
9,421
237,806

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

5,366,809
4,377,776
2,284,727
12,029,312

873,552
579,207
337,496
1,790,255
172,632
1,617,623
162,436
126,546
1,328,641

13,366,981
1,412,707
710,216
15,489,904

148,765
16,929
38,054
203,748

176,823
17,484
8,561
202,868

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

4,955,211
4,145,272
2,260,270
11,360,753

789,667
448,457
337,531
1,575,655
173,203
1,402,452
136,517
151,207
1,114,728

8,728,671
1,430,577
1,874,894
12,034,142

134,618
10,857
3,932
149,407

163,014
18,469
8,825
190,308

34

(Dollars in thousands)
By Geographic Area (b)
Net Sales:
North America
International

Long-Lived Assets:
North America
International

2018

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

8,978,490
5,323,902
14,302,392

1,103,308
752,929
1,856,237

$

$

$

$

7,585,689
4,443,623
12,029,312

1,145,127
792,165
1,937,292

$

$

$

$

7,144,481
4,216,272
11,360,753

817,872
750,228
1,568,100

The accounting policies of the business segments are the same as those described in the Significant Accounting Policies 
footnote except that the business segment results are prepared on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which the 
Company’s management disaggregates financial information for internal review and decision-making. 

(a) 

(b) 

Includes an investment in a joint venture in which ownership is 50 percent or less and in which the Company does not 
have operating control (2018 - $235,665; 2017 - $240,182; 2016 - $241,728).

Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the selling unit.  North America includes the United 
States, Canada and Mexico.  No country other than the United States represents greater than 10 percent of 
consolidated sales.  Long-lived assets are comprised of plant and equipment based on physical location.

35

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

(Dollars in thousands)
June 30,
Assets
Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Note 1)
Marketable securities and other investments (Note 1)
Trade accounts receivable, net (Note 1)
Non-trade and notes receivable (Note 1)
Inventories (Note 6)
Prepaid expenses
Total Current Assets
Plant and equipment (Note 1)
Less:  Accumulated depreciation
Plant and equipment, net
Deferred income taxes (Notes 1 and 4)
Investments and other assets (Note 1)
Intangible assets, net (Notes 1 and 7)
Goodwill (Notes 1 and 7)
Total Assets

Liabilities and Equity
Current Liabilities
Notes payable and long-term debt payable within one year (Notes 8 and 9)
Accounts payable, trade
Accrued payrolls and other compensation
Accrued domestic and foreign taxes
Other accrued liabilities
Total Current Liabilities
Long-term debt (Note 9)
Pensions and other postretirement benefits (Note 10)
Deferred income taxes (Notes 1 and 4)
Other liabilities
Total Liabilities
Equity (Note 11)
Shareholders' Equity
Serial preferred stock, $.50 par value, authorized 3,000,000 shares; none issued
Common stock, $.50 par value, authorized 600,000,000 shares; issued 181,046,128 shares in 2018 and 2017
Additional capital
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
Treasury shares at cost: 48,632,105 in 2018 and 47,854,475 in 2017
Total Shareholders' Equity
Noncontrolling interests
Total Equity
Total Liabilities and Equity

2018

2017

$

$

$

$

822,137
32,995
2,145,517
328,399
1,621,304
134,886
5,085,238
5,215,253
3,359,016
1,856,237
57,623
801,049
2,015,520
5,504,420
15,320,087

638,466
1,430,306
427,500
198,878
502,333
3,197,483
4,318,559
1,177,605
234,858
526,089
9,454,594

—
90,523
496,592
11,625,975
(1,763,086)
(4,590,138)
5,859,866
5,627
5,865,493
15,320,087

$

$

$

$

884,886
39,318
1,930,751
254,987
1,549,494
120,282
4,779,718
5,186,748
3,249,456
1,937,292
36,057
842,475
2,307,484
5,586,878
15,489,904

1,008,465
1,300,496
435,911
153,137
497,851
3,395,860
4,861,895
1,406,082
221,790
336,931
10,222,558

—
90,523
543,879
10,930,348
(1,924,204)
(4,378,897)
5,261,649
5,697
5,267,346
15,489,904

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

36

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

(Dollars in thousands)
Cash Flows From Operating Activities

Net income
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

For the years ended June 30,

2018

2017

2016

$

1,061,315

$

983,844

$

807,216

Depreciation
Amortization
Stock incentive plan compensation
Deferred income taxes
Foreign currency transaction loss
(Gain) loss on sale of plant and equipment
Loss (gain) on sale of businesses
Loss on sale and impairment of investments
(Gain) on sale of marketable securities

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions:

Accounts receivable
Inventories
Prepaid expenses
Other assets
Accounts payable, trade
Accrued payrolls and other compensation
Accrued domestic and foreign taxes
Other accrued liabilities
Pensions and other postretirement benefits
Other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows From Investing Activities

Acquisitions (less cash acquired of $157,426 in 2017 and $3,814 in 2016)
Capital expenditures
Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of businesses
Purchase of marketable securities and other investments
Maturities and sales of marketable securities and other investments
Other

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash Flows From Financing Activities

Proceeds from exercise of stock options
Payments for common shares
Proceeds from notes payable, net
Proceeds from long-term borrowings
Payments for long-term borrowings
Dividends paid

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental Data:

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest
Income taxes

237,806
228,279
118,831
(41,412)
7,284
(24,422)
19,666
41,219
(2)

(301,978)
(92,209)
(16,206)
(13,293)
125,907
(4,614)
44,019
(5,567)
31,239
184,425
1,600,287

—
(247,667)
81,881
177,741
(80,607)
83,905
4,837
20,090

3,682
(381,041)
4,115
1,189
(944,629)
(365,288)
(1,681,972)
(1,154)
(62,749)
884,886
822,137

200,860
408,765

$

$

202,868
152,361
80,339
37,024
8,060
1,494
(41,285)
—
(1,032)

(95,347)
(73,673)
2,410
(3,887)
174,761
5,922
18,165
(59,738)
(103,866)
14,051
1,302,471

(4,069,197)
(203,748)
14,648
85,610
(465,666)
1,279,318
(6,113)
(3,365,148)

2,202
(338,078)
230,499
2,614,463
(381,078)
(345,380)
1,782,628
(56,718)
(336,767)
1,221,653
884,886

131,937
268,127

$

$

190,308
116,535
71,293
(65,686)
22,750
414
(10,666)
—
(723)

17,549
120,243
136,034
(5,033)
(52,378)
(22,865)
(6,285)
(31,633)
(45,796)
(30,499)
1,210,778

(67,552)
(149,407)
18,821
24,325
(1,351,464)
1,300,633
(39,995)
(264,639)

126
(587,365)
303,624
2,287
(220,068)
(341,962)
(843,358)
(61,712)
41,069
1,180,584
1,221,653

133,999
250,155

$

$

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

37

Accumulated Other

Comprehensive

(Loss)

Treasury
Shares

Noncontrolling

Interests

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY

(Dollars in thousands)
Balance June 30, 2015
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Dividends paid
Stock incentive plan activity
Shares purchased at cost
Balance June 30, 2016
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Dividends paid
Stock incentive plan activity
Acquisition activity
Shares purchased at cost
Balance June 30, 2017
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Dividends paid
Stock incentive plan activity
Acquisition activity
Shares purchased at cost
Balance June 30, 2018

 Common

Stock

Additional

Capital

$

90,523

$

622,729

$

Retained
Earnings

9,841,885
806,840

5,722

(341,923)
(3,936)

$

90,523

$

628,451

$ 10,302,866
983,412

(84,572)

(345,042)
(10,888)

$

$

(1,738,618) $ (3,712,232) $

(489,147)

50,916
(557,504)

(2,227,765) $ (4,218,820) $

303,561

104,615

(264,692)

$

90,523

$

543,879

$ 10,930,348
1,060,801

$

(365,174)

(1,924,204) $ (4,378,897) $

161,118

(47,287)

88,759

(300,000)

$

$

$

3,282
376
(196)
(39)

3,423
432
358
(338)

1,822

5,697
514
(440)
(114)

(30)

 Total
5,107,569
807,216
(489,343)
(341,962)
52,702
(557,504)
4,578,678
983,844
303,919
(345,380)
9,155
1,822
(264,692)
5,267,346
1,061,315
160,678
(365,288)
41,472
(30)
(300,000)
5,865,493

$

90,523

$

496,592

$ 11,625,975

$

(1,763,086) $ (4,590,138) $

5,627

$

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

38

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

The term "year" and references to specific years refer to the applicable fiscal years.

Significant Accounting Policies

1. 
The significant accounting policies followed in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements are 
summarized below.

Nature of Operations - The Company is a leading worldwide diversified manufacturer of motion and control 

technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace 
markets.  The Company evaluates performance based on segment operating income before corporate administrative expenses, 
interest expense and income taxes.

 The Diversified Industrial Segment is an aggregation of several business units, which manufacture motion-control and 
fluid power system components for builders and users of various types of manufacturing, packaging, processing, transportation, 
agricultural, construction, and military vehicles and equipment.  Diversified Industrial Segment products are marketed 
primarily through field sales employees and independent distributors.  The Diversified Industrial North American operations 
have manufacturing plants and distribution networks throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico and primarily service 
North America.  The Diversified Industrial International operations provide Parker products and services to 47 countries 
throughout Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa.

The Aerospace Systems Segment produces hydraulic, fuel, pneumatic and electro-mechanical systems and 

components, which are utilized on virtually every domestic commercial, military and general aviation aircraft and also 
performs a vital role in naval vessels and land-based weapons systems.  This segment serves original equipment and 
maintenance, repair and overhaul customers worldwide.  Aerospace Systems Segment products are marketed by field sales 
employees and are sold directly to manufacturers and end users.

There are no individual customers to whom sales are more than three percent of the Company's consolidated sales.  

Due to the diverse group of customers throughout the world, the Company does not consider itself exposed to any 
concentration of credit risks.

The Company manufactures and markets its products throughout the world.  Although certain risks and uncertainties 

exist, the diversity and breadth of the Company's products and geographic operations mitigate the risk that adverse changes 
with respect to any particular product and geographic operation would materially affect the Company's operating results.

Use of Estimates - The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the 
amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Basis of Consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all majority-owned domestic 

and foreign subsidiaries.  All intercompany transactions and profits have been eliminated in the consolidated financial 
statements.  The Company does not have off-balance sheet arrangements.  Within the Business Segment Information, 
intersegment and interarea sales have been eliminated.

Revenue Recognition - Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, product has 

shipped and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred or services have been rendered, the price to the customer is 
fixed and determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured, which is generally at the time the product is shipped.  Shipping 
and handling costs billed to customers are included in net sales and the related costs in cost of sales.  Taxes collected from 
customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue.

Long-term Contracts - The Company enters into long-term contracts primarily for the production of aerospace 

products.  For financial statement purposes, revenues are primarily recognized using the percentage-of-completion method.  
The extent of progress toward completion is primarily measured using the units-of-delivery method.  Unbilled costs on these 
contracts are included in inventory.  Progress payments are netted against the inventory balances.  The Company estimates 
costs to complete long-term contracts for purposes of evaluating and establishing contract reserves.  Adjustments to cost 
estimates are made on a consistent basis and a contract reserve is established when the estimated costs to complete a contract 
exceed the expected contract revenues. 

Cash - Cash equivalents consist of short-term highly liquid investments, with a three-month or less maturity, carried at 

cost plus accrued interest, which are readily convertible into cash.  

39

Marketable Securities and Other Investments - Consist of short-term highly liquid investments, with stated 
maturities of greater than three months from the date of purchase, carried at cost plus accrued interest, and investments 
classified as available-for-sale, which are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other 
comprehensive (loss).  Gains and losses on available-for-sale investments are calculated based on the first-in, first-out method.  
The Company has the ability to liquidate the available-for-sale investments after giving appropriate notice to the issuer.  

Trade Accounts Receivable, Net - Trade accounts receivable are initially recorded at their net collectible amount and 

are generally recorded at the time the revenue from the sales transaction is recorded.  Receivables are written off to bad debt 
primarily when, in the judgment of the Company, the receivable is deemed to be uncollectible due to the insolvency of the 
debtor.  Allowance for doubtful accounts was $9,672 and $14,336 at June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

Non-Trade and Notes Receivable - The non-trade and notes receivable caption in the Consolidated Balance Sheet is 

comprised of the following components:

June 30,
Notes receivable
Accounts receivable, other
Total
 

2018
149,254
179,145
328,399

$

$

2017
118,351
136,636
254,987

$

$

      
 Plant, Equipment and Depreciation - Plant and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated principally using 

                

the straight-line method for financial reporting purposes.  Depreciation rates are based on estimated useful lives of the assets, 
generally 40 years for buildings, 15 years for land improvements and building equipment, seven to 10 years for machinery and 
equipment, and three to eight years for vehicles and office equipment.  Improvements, which extend the useful life of property, 
are capitalized, and maintenance and repairs are expensed.  The Company reviews plant and equipment for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable.  When plant and 
equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the appropriate 
accounts and any gain or loss is included in current income.

 

The plant and equipment caption in the Consolidated Balance Sheet is comprised of the following components:

June 30,
Land and land improvements
Buildings and building equipment
Machinery and equipment
Construction in progress
Total

2018
289,686
1,578,701
3,218,639
128,227
5,215,253

$

$

2017
321,331
1,575,464
3,167,885
122,068
5,186,748

$

$

Investments and Other Assets - Investments in joint-venture companies in which ownership is 50 percent or less and 

in which the Company does not have operating control are stated at cost plus the Company's equity in undistributed earnings 
and amounted to $304,389 and $341,869 at June 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  A significant portion of the underlying net 
assets of the joint ventures are related to goodwill.  The Company's share of earnings from investments in joint-venture 
companies were $50,473, $42,352 and $25,650 in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Intangible Assets - Intangible assets primarily include patents, trademarks and customer lists and are recorded at cost 

and amortized on a straight-line method.  Patents are amortized over the shorter of their remaining useful or legal life.  
Trademarks are amortized over the estimated time period over which an economic benefit is expected to be received.  Customer 
lists are amortized over a period based on anticipated customer attrition rates.  The Company reviews intangible assets for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable.

Goodwill - The Company conducts a formal impairment test of goodwill on an annual basis and between annual tests 
if an event occurs or circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its 
carrying value.

Income Taxes - Income taxes are provided based upon income for financial reporting purposes.  Tax credits and 

similar tax incentives are applied to reduce the provision for income taxes in the year in which the credits arise.  The Company 
recognizes accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.  Penalties, if incurred, are recognized in 
income tax expense.  Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences in the recognition of income and expense for tax 
purposes.

40

Foreign Currency Translation - Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated at current exchange rates, 
and income and expenses are translated using weighted-average exchange rates.  The effects of these translation adjustments, as 
well as gains and losses from certain intercompany transactions, are reported in the accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 
component of shareholders' equity.  Such adjustments will affect net income only upon sale or liquidation of the underlying 
foreign investments.  Exchange losses (gains) from transactions in a currency other than the local currency of the entity 
involved are included within the cost of sales caption in the Consolidated Statement of Income and were $7,284, $8,060 and 
$22,750, in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Subsequent Events - The Company has evaluated subsequent events that have occurred through the date of filing of 

this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2018.  No subsequent events occurred that required adjustment to 
or disclosure in these financial statements.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements -  In February 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued 

Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2018-02, "Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Income."  ASU 2018-02 allows for a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to 
retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJ Act reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate.  
The amendments also require certain disclosures about stranded tax effects.  ASU 2018-02 is effective for fiscal years, and 
interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted in any period after the 
issuance of the update.  The amendments in this update should be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively to 
each period in which the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the TCJ Act is recognized.  The 
Company has not yet determined the effect that ASU 2018-02 will have on its financial statements.
In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12, "Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities."  ASU 
2017-12 provides targeted improvements to Topic 815 accounting for hedging activities by expanding an entity’s ability to 
hedge non-financial and financial risk components and reduce complexity in fair value hedges of interest rate risk.  The 
guidance eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness and generally requires the entire 
change in the fair value of a hedging instrument to be presented in the same income statement line as the hedged item. The 
guidance also eases certain documentation and assessment requirements and modifies the accounting for components excluded 
from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.  ASU 2017-12 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, 
beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early application is permitted in any interim period after issuance of the update. ASU 
2017-12 should be applied using a modified retrospective approach for cash flow and net investment hedge relationships that 
exist on the date of adoption and prospectively for presentation and disclosure requirements.  The Company has not yet 
determined the effect that ASU 2017-12 will have on its financial statements.
In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09, "Scope of Modification Accounting."  ASU 2017-09 provides guidance about 
which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in 
Topic 718.  An entity should account for the effects of a modification unless all of the following are met: (1) the fair value of 
the modified award is the same as fair value of the original award; (2) the vesting conditions of the modified award are the 
same as the vesting conditions of the original award immediately before the original award is modified; and (3) the 
classification of the award as an equity instrument or a liability instrument is the same as the classification of the original award 
immediately before the original award is modified.  ASU 2017-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those 
years, beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2017-09 should be applied prospectively to an 
award modified on or after the adoption date.  During the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the Company adopted ASU 2017-09.  The 
adoption of ASU 2017-09 did not affect the Company's financial statements as there were no modifications of any share-based 
awards during 2018.
In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, "Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic 
Postretirement Benefit Cost."  ASU 2017-07 requires that an employer report the service cost component in the same line item 
or items as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other 
components of net benefit cost are required to be presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component 
and outside a subtotal of income from operations, if one is presented.  ASU 2017-07 also provides that only the service cost 
component is eligible for capitalization, when applicable.  ASU 2017-07 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within 
those years, beginning after December 15, 2017.  ASU 2017-07 should be applied retrospectively for the income statement 
presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost and prospectively, on or after the effective 
date, for the capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit 
cost.  The Company expects that adoption of this standard will result in a reclassification of expense from cost of sales and 
selling, general and administrative expenses to other (income) of approximately $25 million and $17 million, respectively, for 
2018 and $70 million and $41 million, respectively, for 2017.

41

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, "Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment."  ASU 2017-04 eliminates 
Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test.  Under the amendments in this Update, an entity should recognize an impairment 
charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized 
should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.  ASU 2017-04 also eliminates the requirement 
for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment and, if it fails that qualitative 
test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test.  ASU 2017-04 is effective for annual or any interim goodwill 
impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted.  During the first quarter of 
2018, the Company adopted ASU 2017-04.  The adoption of ASU 2017-04 did not affect the Company's financial statements as 
there were no instances of a reporting unit's carrying value exceeding its fair value for any goodwill impairment tests performed 
during 2018.
In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, "Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory."  ASU 2016-16 
provides that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory 
when the transfer occurs.  Consequently, the amendments in ASU 2016-16 eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of 
an asset other than inventory.  ASU 2016-16 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after 
December 31, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company expects that the cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU 
2016-16 will result in a reduction to retained earnings of approximately $18 million.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, "Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments."  ASU 2016-15 
provides specific guidance on several cash flow classification issues to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions 
are classified within the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those 
years, beginning after December 15, 2017.  After consideration of the current level of transactions within the scope of ASU 
2016-15, the Company does not expect that the retrospective adoption of this standard at the beginning of the first quarter of 
2019 will have a material impact on its financial statements.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, "Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments."  ASU 2016-13 
requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost to be presented at the net amount expected 
to be collected.  The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the 
financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset.  Credit losses 
relating to available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses.  ASU 2016-13 is 
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early adoption is 
permitted.  The Company has not yet determined the effect that ASU 2016-13 will have on its financial statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases." ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to put most leases with terms 
greater than 12 months on their balance sheet by recognizing a liability to make lease payments and an asset representing their 
right to use the asset during the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an 
accounting policy election, by class of underlying asset, not to recognize the corresponding assets and lease liabilities. Lessee 
recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows will not change significantly from existing guidance 
and lessor accounting is largely unchanged. ASU 2016-02 also changes the definition of a lease and requires qualitative, and 
quantitative disclosures that provide information about the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from 
leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 
2018. Early adoption is permitted. Adoption of this ASU is planned for the beginning of the first quarter of 2020.  The 
Company has not yet determined the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on its financial statements.
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, "Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities."  ASU 
2016-01 requires equity investments (excluding equity method investments and investments that are consolidated) to be 
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.  Equity investments that do not have a readily 
determinable fair value may be measured at cost, adjusted for impairment and observable price changes.  ASU 2016-01 also 
simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments, eliminates the disclosure of the assumptions used to estimate the 
fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at cost on the balance sheet and requires the exit 
price to be used when measuring fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes.  Under ASU 2016-01, changes in 
fair value (resulting from instrument-specific credit risk) will be presented separately in other comprehensive income for 
liabilities measured using the fair value option. Financial assets and liabilities will be presented separately by measurement 
category and type, either on the balance sheet or in the financial statement disclosures.  ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal 
years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company does not expect that the 
retrospective adoption of ASU 2016-01 at the beginning of the first quarter of 2019 will have a material impact on its financial 
statements.
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers."  ASU 2014-09 requires revenue 
recognition to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that a company 
expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services.  To achieve this principle, a company must apply five steps 
including identifying the contract with a customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the 

42

transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognizing revenue when (or as) the 
company satisfies the performance obligations.  Additional quantitative and qualitative disclosure to enhance the understanding 
about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows is also required.  ASU 2014-09 is effective for 
fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017.  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 
2016-10, "Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing."  ASU 2016-10 clarifies the following two aspects of ASU 
2014-09:  identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance.  The effective date of ASU 2016-10 is 
the same as the effective date of  ASU 2014-09.  The Company has elected to adopt ASU 2014-09 using the modified 
retrospective method.  The Company does not expect that the cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 at the 
beginning of the first quarter of 2019 will have a material impact on retained earnings.  We expect to provide the required 
additional disclosures in periods subsequent to the adoption.

Acquisitions and Divestitures

2. 
Acquisitions - During 2017, the Company completed three acquisitions, including Clarcor, whose aggregate sales for their 
most recent fiscal year prior to acquisition were approximately $1,522 million.  Total purchase price for the three acquisitions 
was approximately $4,227 million in cash and $316 million in assumed debt.
During 2016, the Company completed two acquisitions whose aggregate sales for their most recent fiscal year prior to 
acquisition were approximately $48 million.  Total purchase price for the two acquisitions was approximately $71 million in 
cash and $2 million in assumed debt. 
The results of operations for all acquisitions were included as of the respective dates of acquisition.  Assets acquired and 
liabilities assumed were recognized at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date.  The process of estimating the fair 
values of certain tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities requires the use of judgment in 
determining the appropriate assumptions and estimates. Revisions occur as valuations are finalized, additional information 
becomes available and as additional analysis is performed.  All measurement period adjustments were completed within a year 
from the acquisition date, and such adjustments did not have a material impact on the Company's results of operations and 
financial position.  The initial purchase price allocation for acquisitions in 2017 and 2016 are as follows:

Assets:
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Prepaid expenses
Deferred income taxes
Plant and equipment
Intangible and other assets
Goodwill

Liabilities:
Notes payable
Accounts payable, trade
Accrued payrolls and other compensation
Accrued domestic and foreign taxes
Other accrued liabilities
Long-term debt
Pensions and other postretirement benefits
Deferred income taxes
Other liabilities
Noncontrolling interests

Net assets acquired

43

2017

2016

$

$

263,616
302,422
18,342
4,658
376,826
1,526,909
2,677,489
5,170,262

20,162
84,753
45,942
5,435
80,515
296,240
33,929
520,389
11,878
1,822
1,101,065
4,069,197

$

$

6,793
12,041
1,350
—
5,647
26,849
31,134
83,814

720
2,536
1,310
604
1,804
1,743
—
7,545
—
—
16,262
67,552

Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired, primarily all of which is not deductible 
for tax purposes.  With respect to the Clarcor acquisition, goodwill represents cost synergies and enhancements to the 
Company's existing filtration technologies.

The remaining disclosures in Note 2 pertain only to the Clarcor acquisition as the other two acquisitions completed during 2017 
were immaterial.

Clarcor is a major manufacturer of filtration products under more than a dozen respected brands, including CLARCOR, 
Baldwin, Fuel Manager, PECOFacet, Airguard, Altair, BHA, Clearcurrent, Clark Filter, Hastings, United Air Specialists, 
Keddeg and Purolator.  Clarcor had annual sales of approximately $1,400 million for its fiscal 2016.  For segment reporting 
purposes, Clarcor is part of the Diversified Industrial Segment.

The Company believes that Clarcor is a highly complementary acquisition that provides the Company with additional 
proprietary media, industrial and process filtration products and technologies, as well as a broad portfolio of replacement 
filters.  The acquisition of Clarcor also offers significant expected operating synergies.

The Company's results of operations for 2017 include Clarcor's results of operations from the date of acquisition, February 28, 
2017, through June 30, 2017.  Net sales and segment operating (loss) attributable to Clarcor during this period was $487,388 
and $(16,164), respectively.  

The following unaudited pro forma information gives effect to the Company's acquisition of Clarcor as if the acquisition had 
occurred on July 1, 2015, and Clarcor had been included in the Company's results of operations for 2017 and 2016.  

Net sales
Net income attributable to common shareholders
Diluted earnings per share

$

2017
12,935,834
1,027,693
7.58

$

2016
12,772,097
748,634
5.47

The unaudited pro forma financial information in the table above includes adjustments related to amortization expense, 
depreciation, interest expense and transaction costs incurred as well as adjustments to cost of sales for the step-up in inventory 
to estimated acquisition-date fair value and related income tax effects and was based on a preliminary purchase price allocation 
using information available at that time.  Transaction costs incurred (which are reflected in the selling, general and 
administrative expenses caption in the Consolidated Statement of Income) and the adjustment to cost of sales for the step-up in 
inventory to estimated acquisition-date fair value are considered to be non-recurring.  Adjustments for non-recurring items 
increased pro forma net income attributable to common shareholders by $108,078 for 2017 and decreased pro forma net 
income attributable to common shareholders by $39,121 for 2016.   The unaudited pro forma financial information does not 
give effect to any synergies, operating efficiencies or cost savings that may result or have resulted from the Clarcor acquisition.  

Divestitures - During 2018, the Company divested its global Facet filtration business, which was part of the Diversified 
Industrial Segment. The operating results and net assets of the global Facet filtration business were immaterial to the 
Company's consolidated results of operations and financial position.  The Company recorded a pre-tax loss in 2018 of 
approximately $20 million and tax expense of approximately $29 million resulting from a tax gain related to the divestiture.  
The pre-tax loss is reflected in the (gain) on disposal of assets caption in the Consolidated Statement of Income and the other 
expense caption in the Business Segment Information.  

During 2017, the Company divested its Autoline product line, which was part of the Diversified Industrial Segment.  The 
operating results and net assets of the Autoline product line were immaterial to the Company's consolidated results of 
operations and financial position.  The Company recorded a net pre-tax gain in 2017 of approximately $45 million related to 
the divestiture.  The gain is reflected in the (gain) on disposal of assets caption in the Consolidated Statement of Income and the 
other expense caption in the Business Segment Information.

44

3.

Charges Related to Business Realignment

The Company incurred business realignment charges in 2018, 2017 and 2016.  The Company also incurred acquisition 
integration costs in 2018 and 2017 related to the 2017 acquisition of Clarcor.

Business realignment charges and acquisition integration costs presented in the Business Segment Information are as follows:

Diversified Industrial
Aerospace Systems
Corporate administration
Other expense

$

$

2018
78,558
3,428
—
1,009

$

2017
52,939
2,674
—
784

2016
91,404
3,629
2,215
116

Work force reductions in connection with such business realignment charges and acquisition integration costs in the Business 
Segment Information are as follows:

Diversified Industrial
Aerospace Systems
Corporate administration

2018
1,757
265
—

2017
1,102
89
—

2016
3,515
81
53

The business realignment charges primarily relate to actions taken under the Company's simplification initiative aimed at 
reducing organizational and process complexity.  Business realignment charges and acquisition integration costs primarily 
consist of severance costs as well as plant closures, with the majority of charges incurred in Europe and North America.  In 
connection with a plant closure during 2016, the Company recognized an expense associated with enhanced retirement benefits 
(refer to Note 10 for further discussion).  The Company believes the realignment and acquisition integration actions taken will 
positively impact future results of operations but will not have a material effect on liquidity and sources and uses of capital.

The business realignment charges and acquisition integration costs are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Income as 
follows:

Cost of sales
Selling, general and administrative expenses
(Gain) on disposal of assets

$

$

2018
44,949
36,813
1,233

$

2017
35,932
19,681
784

2016
76,197
21,051
116

As of June 30, 2018, approximately $40 million in severance payments have been made relating to business realignment and 
acquisition integration charges incurred during 2018, the remainder of which are expected to be paid by June 30, 2019.  
Severance payments relating to prior-year actions are being made as required.  Remaining severance payments related to 
current-year and prior-year business realignment and acquisition integration actions of approximately $26 million are primarily 
reflected within the other accrued liabilities caption in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  Additional charges may be recognized 
in future periods related to the business realignment and acquisition integration actions described above, the timing and amount 
of which are not known at this time.

4.

Income Taxes

On December 22, 2017, the TCJ Act was enacted into law.  The TCJ Act significantly reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, by among other things, establishing a flat corporate income tax rate of 21 percent and creating a territorial 
tax system (with a one-time transition tax imposed on previously undistributed foreign earnings and profits).  

The Securities and Exchange Commission staff issued SAB 118, which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects of 
the TCJ Act.  SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from the TCJ Act's enactment 
date for companies to complete the applicable accounting under Topic 740. In accordance with SAB 118, and based on the 
information available as of June 30, 2018, the Company recorded a net provisional discrete income tax cost of $233 million as 
a result of the TCJ Act being enacted.

45

The reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate under the TCJ Act required a one-time revaluation of certain tax-related assets and 
liabilities to reflect their value at the reduced corporate tax rate of 21 percent, which resulted in a decrease in income tax 
expense of approximately $80 million.  The one-time transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings and profits resulted in an 
increase in income tax expense of $297 million.  Incremental adjustments have been made to these estimates during the three 
months ended June 30, 2018, based on the availability of additional information.  The Company has not yet completed the 
accounting for the one-time transition tax and continues to analyze undistributed foreign earnings and profits for purposes of 
filing the tax return for 2018.  In addition, the Company continues to interpret the law and guidance issued as of the date of 
these financial statements.  On August 1, 2018, the U.S. Treasury and Internal Revenue Service released proposed regulations 
relating to the one-time transition tax.  The proposed regulations are subject to a 60-day comment period. Final regulations are 
expected to be issued after consideration of the comments.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the proposed 
regulations.  The Company intends to make the election to pay the one-time transition tax over eight years.  The amount of cash 
payments will be less than the amount of the income tax expense due to the utilization of available credits.
Certain provisions of the TCJ Act will impact the Company starting in 2019.  These provisions include, but are not limited to, 
the creation of the base erosion anti-abuse tax, a general limitation of U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign 
subsidiaries, a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income and the repeal of the domestic production 
activities deduction.  The Company continues to evaluate the future impacts of these provisions and, as of June 30, 2018, has 
not recorded any impact of any of these future provisions. 

Income before income taxes was derived from the following sources:

United States
Foreign

Income taxes include the following:

Federal
  Current
  Deferred
Foreign
  Current
  Deferred
State and local
  Current
  Deferred

2018
963,843
738,434
1,702,277

$

$

2017
722,925
605,716
1,328,641

2018

2017

453,821
(23,876)

$

132,420
37,316

210,385
(17,454)

18,168
(82)
640,962

$

157,518
(5,319)

17,835
5,027
344,797

2016
672,907
441,821
1,114,728

2016

235,557
(45,797)

113,146
(7,006)

24,495
(12,883)
307,512

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

A reconciliation of the Company's effective income tax rate to the statutory federal rate follows:

Statutory federal income tax rate
State and local income taxes
Tax related to international activities
Transition tax related to the TCJ Act
Remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the TCJ Act
Cash surrender value of life insurance
Federal manufacturing deduction
Research tax credit
Share-based compensation
Other
Effective income tax rate

46

2018
28.1%
1.2
(1.0)
17.5
(4.8)
(0.4)
(1.0)
(0.7)
(2.2)
1.0
37.7%

2017
35.0%
1.7
(5.5)
—
—
(0.9)
(0.9)
(0.8)
(2.7)
0.1
26.0%

2016
35.0%
0.6
(5.2)
—
—
0.2
(1.0)
(1.9)
—
(0.1)
27.6%

Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of 
assets and liabilities. The differences comprising the net deferred taxes shown on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at June 30 
were as follows:

Retirement benefits
Other liabilities and reserves
Long-term contracts
Stock-based compensation
Loss carryforwards
Unrealized currency exchange gains and losses
Inventory
Foreign tax credit carryforward
Depreciation and amortization
Valuation allowance
Net deferred tax (liability)

Change in net deferred tax asset (liability):
Provision for deferred tax
Items of other comprehensive (loss)
Acquisitions and other
Total change in net deferred tax

$

2018
340,480
112,935
17,496
38,535
679,880
27,228
(9,612)
—
(689,320)
(694,857)
(177,235) $

2017
571,022
144,885
61,375
59,725
678,486
22,212
17,809
23,050
(1,080,218)
(684,079)
(185,733)

41,412
(65,542)
32,628
8,498

$

$

(37,024)
(177,655)
(521,814)
(736,493)

$

$

$

$

As of June 30, 2018, the Company recorded deferred tax assets of $679,880 resulting from $2,633,218 in loss carryforwards.  A 
valuation allowance of $675,045 related to the loss carryforwards has been established due to the uncertainty of their 
realization.  Of this valuation allowance, $640,239 relates to non-operating entities whose loss carryforward utilization is 
considered to be remote.  Some of the loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely; others can be carried forward 
from three to 20 years.  In addition, a valuation allowance of $19,812 related to future deductible items has been established 
due to the uncertainty of their realization.  These future deductible items are recorded in the other liabilities and reserves line in 
the table above.

Historically, all foreign undistributed earnings were permanently reinvested in international operations.  No tax was provided 
on such earnings as it was not practicable to estimate the additional tax that might be payable on the eventual distribution.  The 
enactment of the TCJ Act created a territorial tax system significantly reducing the U.S. federal tax cost of future distributions.  
Although future distributions of foreign earnings to the U.S. should not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes, other U.S. or 
foreign taxes may be imposed on such earnings.  The Company has analyzed existing factors and determined it will no longer 
permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings.  On these undistributed foreign earnings of approximately $274 million that are 
no longer permanently reinvested outside of the U.S., the Company has recorded a deferred tax liability of  $12 million. The 
remaining undistributed foreign earnings of approximately $2,700 million remain permanently reinvested outside the U.S. at 
June 30, 2018.  Of these undistributed earnings, we have recorded a deferred tax liability of $4 million where certain foreign 
holding companies are not permanently reinvested in their subsidiaries.  It is not practicable to estimate the additional taxes, 
including applicable foreign withholding taxes, that might be payable on the potential distribution of such permanently 
reinvested foreign earnings. 

47

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

Balance July 1
Additions for tax positions related to current year
Additions for tax positions of prior years
Additions for acquisitions
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
Reductions for settlements
Reductions for expiration of statute of limitations
Effect of foreign currency translation
Balance June 30

2018
147,506
4,195
8,333
—
(3,790)
(315)
(4,480)
1,642
153,091

$

$

2017
139,907
4,735
2,618
3,939
(1,175)
(3,020)
(2,792)
3,294
147,506

$

$

2016
145,688
7,025
2,582
—
(627)
(10,284)
(4,142)
(335)
139,907

$

$

The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was $153,091, $95,460 and 
$80,722 as of June 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  If recognized, a significant portion of the gross unrecognized tax 
benefits as of June 30, 2017, and 2016, would have been offset against an asset that had been recorded in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet.  The accrued interest related to the gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluded from the amounts above, was 
$21,737, $15,432 and $12,357 as of June 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

It is reasonably possible that, within the next 12 months, the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by up 
to approximately $120,000 as a result of the revaluation of existing uncertain tax positions arising from developments in the 
examination process or the closure of tax statutes.  Any increase in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 
months is expected to be insignificant.
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions.  In the 
normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world.  The Company is 
open to assessment of its U.S. federal income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service for years after 2011, and its state and 
local tax returns for years after 2011.  The Company is open to assessment for significant foreign jurisdictions for years after 
2009. 

Earnings Per Share

5. 
Basic earnings per share are computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the year.  
Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted-average number of common shares and common share equivalents 
outstanding during the year.  Common share equivalents represent the dilutive effect of outstanding equity-based awards.  The 
reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of basic and diluted earnings per share was as follows:

Numerator:
Net income attributable to common shareholders
Denominator:
Basic - weighted-average common shares
Increase in weighted-average common shares from dilutive effect of
equity-based awards
Diluted - weighted-average common shares, assuming exercise of
equity-based awards
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share

2018

2017

2016

$

1,060,801

$

983,412

$

806,840

133,004,613

133,377,547

135,353,321

2,422,221

2,182,217

1,558,369

135,426,834
7.98
7.83

$
$

135,559,764
7.37
7.25

$
$

136,911,690
5.96
5.89

$
$

For 2018, 2017 and 2016, 0.5 million, 1.4 million and 3.1 million common shares, respectively, subject to equity-based awards 
were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect of their exercise would be anti-dilutive.

48

Inventories

6. 
The majority of domestic inventories are valued by the last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost method and the balance of the Company's 
inventories are valued by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost method.  Inventories valued by the FIFO cost method are stated at 
the lower of cost or net realizable value.  Inventories valued by the LIFO cost method are stated at lower of cost or market.
Inventories valued on the LIFO cost method were approximately 41 percent of total inventories in 2018 and 39 percent of total 
inventories in 2017.  The current cost of these inventories exceeds their valuation determined on the LIFO basis by $203,192 in 
2018 and $193,933 in 2017.  Progress payments of $25,026 in 2018 and $44,231 in 2017 are netted against inventories.

The inventories caption in the Consolidated Balance Sheet is comprised of the following components:

June 30,
Finished products
Work in process
Raw materials
Total

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

7. 
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:

2018
673,323
765,835
182,146
1,621,304

$

$

2017
642,788
723,133
183,573
1,549,494

$

$

Balance June 30, 2016
Acquisitions
Divestitures
Foreign currency translation and other
Balance June 30, 2017
Acquisitions
Divestitures
Foreign currency translation and other
Balance June 30, 2018

Diversified
Industrial
Segment
2,804,403
2,677,489
(22,618)
28,962
5,488,236
37,489
(138,541)
18,587
5,405,771

$

$

$

Aerospace

Systems Segment
98,634
$
—
—
8
98,642
—
—
7
98,649

$

$

Total
2,903,037
2,677,489
(22,618)
28,970
5,586,878
37,489
(138,541)
18,594
5,504,420

$

$

$

Acquisitions represent the original goodwill allocation, purchase price adjustments and final adjustments to the purchase price 
allocation for the acquisitions during the measurement period subsequent to the applicable acquisition dates. The impact of the 
purchase price adjustments and final adjustments to the purchase price allocation on the Company's results of operations and 
financial position were immaterial.  Divestitures primarily represent goodwill associated with the sale of a business in 2018 and 
a product line in 2017 (see Note 2 for further discussion).

The Company's annual impairment tests performed in 2018, 2017 and 2016 resulted in no impairment loss being recognized.  
Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line method over their legal or estimated useful lives.  The gross carrying value 
and accumulated amortization for each major category of intangible asset at June 30 are as follows:

Patents
Trademarks
Customer lists and other
Total

 

 

2018

2017

Gross Carrying

Amount

$

$

265,423
546,905
2,482,079
3,294,407

Accumulated
Amortization
117,440
227,580
933,867
1,278,887

$

$

Gross Carrying

Amount

$

$

254,049
553,691
2,566,983
3,374,723

Accumulated
Amortization
100,860
200,413
765,966
1,067,239

$

$

49

Total intangible asset amortization expense in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $221,494, $145,128 and $108,019, respectively.  
Estimated intangible asset amortization expense for the five years ending June 30, 2019 through 2023 is $197,451, $187,040, 
$182,406, $176,495 and $168,961, respectively.

Intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the undiscounted net cash flows 
to be generated by their use over their expected useful lives and eventual disposition may be less than their net carrying value.  
No such events or circumstances occurred in 2018, 2017 or 2016.

Financing Arrangements

8. 
The Company has a line of credit totaling $2,000,000 through a multi-currency revolving credit agreement with a group of 
banks, of which $1,466,200 was available at June 30, 2018.  The credit agreement expires in October 2021; however, the 
Company has the right to request a one-year extension of the expiration date on an annual basis, which request may result in 
changes to the current terms and conditions of the credit agreement.  Advances from the credit agreement can be used for 
general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, and for the refinancing of existing indebtedness.  The credit agreement 
requires the payment of an annual facility fee, the amount of which may increase in the event the Company's credit ratings are 
lowered.  Although a lowering of the Company's credit ratings would likely increase the cost of future debt, it would not limit 
the Company's ability to use the credit agreement nor would it accelerate the repayment of any outstanding borrowings.
The Company is currently authorized to sell up to $2,000,000 of short-term commercial paper notes.  Commercial paper notes 
outstanding at June 30, 2018 and 2017 were $533,800 and $534,200, respectively.
In addition to commercial paper notes, notes payable includes short-term lines of credit and borrowings from foreign banks.  At 
June 30, 2018 and 2017, the Company had $48,338 and $62,946, respectively, in lines of credit from various foreign banks, 
none of which were outstanding at June 30, 2018 and 2017.  Most of these agreements are renewed annually.  The Company 
had borrowings from foreign banks of $4,255 at June 30, 2018.  The weighted-average interest rate on notes payable during 
2018 and 2017 was 1.8 percent and 1.0 percent, respectively.
The Company's foreign locations in the ordinary course of business may enter into financial guarantees through financial 
institutions which enable customers to be reimbursed in the event of nonperformance by the Company.
The Company's credit agreements and indentures governing certain debt agreements contain various covenants, the violation of 
which would limit or preclude the use of the applicable agreements for future borrowings, or might accelerate the maturity of 
the related outstanding borrowings covered by the applicable agreements.  Based on the Company's rating level at June 30, 
2018, the most restrictive financial covenant provides that the ratio of debt to debt-shareholders' equity cannot exceed 0.60 to 
1.0.  As of June 30, 2018, the Company's debt to debt-shareholders' equity ratio was 0.46 to 1.0.  The Company is in 
compliance with all covenants.   

9. 

Debt

June 30,
Domestic:
  Fixed rate medium-term notes, 3.30% to 6.55%, due 2019-2045
  Senior Notes, 3.25% to 4.10%, due 2027 - 2047
  Term loan, Libor plus 100 bps, due 2020
Foreign:
  Euro Senior Notes, 1.125%, due 2025
  Euro Term loan, Libor plus 150 bps, due 2022
Other long-term debt
Deferred debt issuance costs
Total long-term debt
Less:  Long-term debt payable within one year
Long-term debt, net

50

2018

2017

$

2,225,000
1,300,000
—

2,675,000
1,300,000
493,750

817,810
116,830
762
(41,432)
4,418,970
100,411
4,318,559

$

799,890
114,270
433
(47,183)
5,336,160
474,265
4,861,895

$

$

Principal amounts of long-term debt payable in the five years ending June 30, 2019 through 2023 are $100,411, $240, $32, 
$116,841 and $300,006, respectively.  The principal amounts of long-term debt payable exclude the impact of the amortization 
of debt issuance costs.

Lease Commitments - Future minimum rental commitments as of June 30, 2018, under non-cancelable operating leases, 
which expire at various dates, are as follows:  2019-$78,812; 2020-$56,889; 2021-$35,102; 2022-$18,326; 2023-$9,172 and 
after 2023-$28,390.
Rental expense in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $126,940, $118,723 and $119,004, respectively.

Retirement Benefits

10. 
Pensions - The Company has noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees, including certain 
employees in foreign countries. Plans for most salaried employees provide pay-related benefits based on years of service. Plans 
for hourly employees generally provide benefits based on flat-dollar amounts and years of service.  The Company also has 
arrangements for certain key employees which provide for supplemental retirement benefits.  In general, the Company's policy 
is to fund these plans based on legal requirements, tax considerations, local practices and investment opportunities.  The 
Company also sponsors defined contribution plans and participates in government-sponsored programs in certain foreign 
countries.
A summary of the Company's defined benefit pension plans follows:

Benefit cost
Service cost
Interest cost
Special termination cost
Settlement cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of prior service cost
Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss
Amortization of initial net obligation
Net periodic benefit cost

2018

2017

2016

$

$

82,993
144,339
—
—
(258,490)
6,570
147,387
18
122,817

$

$

94,356
126,131
—
—
(239,537)
8,116
212,433
18
201,517

$

$

94,650
181,469
7,088
5,102
(221,629)
7,470
170,407
17
244,574

51

Change in benefit obligation
Benefit obligation at beginning of year
Service cost
Interest cost
Acquisition
Plan amendments
Divestiture
Actuarial gain
Benefits paid
Foreign currency translation and other
Benefit obligation at end of year

Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year
Actual gain on plan assets
Acquisition
Divestiture
Employer contributions
Benefits paid
Foreign currency translation and other
Fair value of plan assets at end of year
Funded status

Amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
Other accrued liabilities
Pensions and other postretirement benefits
Net amount recognized

Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)
Net actuarial loss
Prior service cost
Transition obligation
Net amount recognized

2018

2017

5,217,857
82,993
144,339
—
2,932
(9,535)
(182,588)
(216,169)
(5,832)
5,033,997

$

$

5,315,655
94,356
126,131
201,283
3,265
(851)
(268,370)
(250,289)
(3,323)
5,217,857

$

3,896,001
174,951
—
(12,231)
81,518
(216,169)
(8,181)
3,915,889
$
(1,118,108) $

3,307,047
341,344
168,264
—
330,932
(250,289)
(1,297)
3,896,001
(1,321,856)

(11,333) $

(1,106,775)
(1,118,108) $

(12,793)
(1,309,063)
(1,321,856)

1,216,612
18,900
61
1,235,573

$

$

1,461,017
22,761
77
1,483,855

$

$

$

$
$

$

$

$

$

The presentation of the amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 
is on a debit (credit) basis and excludes the effect of income taxes.

Beginning in 2017, the Company changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic 
pension and other postretirement benefit costs from the single-weighted average discount rate to the spot yield curve approach.  
The change does not affect the measurement of the Company's benefit obligations.  The new method provides a more precise 
measure of these components by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the discrete spot yield 
curve rates and is accounted for as a change in estimate prospectively.  As a result of the method change, net pension benefit 
cost for 2017 is lower than the net pension benefit cost for 2016 by $29,777.

During 2016, the Company provided enhanced retirement benefits in connection with a plant closure, which resulted in an 
increase in net pension benefit cost of $7,088. 

52

The estimated amount of net actuarial loss, prior service cost and transition obligation that will be amortized from accumulated 
other comprehensive (loss) into net periodic benefit pension cost in 2019 is $114,825, $6,286 and $18, respectively.
The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans was $4,751,111 and $4,890,058 at June 30, 2018 and 2017, 
respectively.  The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for pension plans 
with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were $4,933,863, $4,665,272 and $3,807,859, respectively, at 
June 30, 2018, and $5,120,268, $4,805,485 and $3,793,696, respectively, at June 30, 2017.  The projected benefit obligation 
and fair value of plan assets for pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were $4,970,120 and 
$3,842,539, respectively, at June 30, 2018, and $5,142,881 and $3,815,815, respectively, at June 30, 2017.  
The Company expects to make cash contributions of approximately $70 million to its defined benefit pension plans in 2019, the 
majority of which relate to its non-U.S. defined benefit plans.  Estimated future benefit payments in the five years ending 
June 30, 2019 through 2023 are $240,163, $242,051, $259,402, $305,553 and $267,258, respectively and $1,454,646 in the 
aggregate for the five years ending June 30, 2024 through June 30, 2028.
The assumptions used to measure net periodic benefit cost for the Company's significant defined benefit plans are:

U.S. defined benefit plans

Discount rate
Average increase in compensation
Expected return on plan assets

Non-U.S. defined benefit plans

Discount rate
Average increase in compensation
Expected return on plan assets

2018

3.64%
3.89%
7.5%

2017

3.33%
5.02%
7.5%

2016

4.19%
5.14%
7.5%

0.30 to 7.57% 0.23 to 7.75%
2.0 to 5.5%
2.0 to 5.5%
1.0 to 5.75% 1.0 to 5.75%

0.7 to 6.0%
2.0 to 5.5%
1.0 to 5.75%

The assumptions used to measure the benefit obligation for the Company's significant defined benefit plans are:

U.S. defined benefit plans

Discount rate
Average increase in compensation

Non-U.S. defined benefit plans

Discount rate
Average increase in compensation

2018

4.01%
3.65%

2017

3.64%
3.89%

0.30 to 3.37% 0.30 to 7.57%
1.75 to 5.5%
2.0 to 5.5%

The discount rate assumption is based on current rates of high-quality, long-term corporate bonds over the same estimated time 
period that benefit payments will be required to be made.  The expected return on plan assets assumption is based on the 
weighted-average expected return of the various asset classes in the plans' portfolio.  The asset class return is developed using 
historical asset return performance as well as current market conditions such as inflation, interest rates and equity market 
performance. 

The weighted-average allocation of the majority of the assets related to defined benefit plans is as follows:

Equity securities
Debt securities
Other investments

2018
44%
49%
7%
100%

2017
45%
47%
8%
100%

53

The weighted-average target asset allocation as of June 30, 2018 is 41 percent equity securities, 47 percent debt securities and 
12 percent other investments.  The investment strategy for the Company's worldwide defined benefit pension plan assets 
focuses on achieving prudent actuarial funding ratios while maintaining acceptable levels of risk in order to provide adequate 
liquidity to meet immediate and future benefit requirements.  This strategy requires investment portfolios that are broadly 
diversified across various asset classes and external investment managers.  Assets held in the U.S. defined benefit plans account 
for approximately 74 percent of the Company's total defined benefit plan assets.  The Company's overall investment strategy 
with respect to the Company's U.S. defined benefit plans is to opportunistically migrate from its traditional mix between 
growth seeking assets (primarily consisting of global public equities in developed and emerging countries and hedge fund of 
fund strategies) and income generating assets (primarily consisting of high quality bonds, both domestic and global, emerging 
market bonds, high yield bonds and Treasury Inflation Protected Securities) to an allocation more heavily weighted toward 
income generating assets.  Over time, long duration fixed income assets are being added to the portfolio.  These securities are 
highly correlated with the Company's pension liabilities and will serve to hedge a portion of the Company's interest rate risk.  

The fair values of pension plan assets at June 30, 2018 and at June 30, 2017, by asset class, are as follows:  

Quoted Prices In
 Active Markets

 (Level 1)

Significant 

Other

 Observable 

Inputs
 (Level 2)

Significant

 Unobservable

 Inputs
 (Level 3)

$

54,322

$

2,985

$

447,553
243,253

115,534
184,636

176,846
179,562

89,578
46,620

—
—

110,395
87,968

—
—

—
—

—
1,537,904

$

$

(36,492)
164,856

$

—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

Cash and cash equivalents
Equity securities

U.S. based companies
Non-U.S. based companies

Fixed income securities

Corporate bonds
Government issued securities

Mutual funds

Equity funds
Fixed income funds
Mutual funds measured at net asset value

Common/Collective trusts

June 30, 2018
57,307

$

447,553
243,253

225,929
272,604

176,846
179,562
232,050

Equity funds
Fixed income funds
Common/Collective trusts measured at net asset value

Limited Partnerships measured at net asset value
Miscellaneous
Total at June 30, 2018

89,578
46,620
1,737,543
243,536
(36,492)
3,915,889

$

54

Cash and cash equivalents
Equity securities

U.S. based companies
Non-U.S. based companies

Fixed income securities

Corporate bonds
Government issued securities

Mutual funds

Equity funds
Fixed income funds
Mutual funds measured at net asset value

Common/Collective trusts

June 30, 2017
76,057

$

416,830
236,134

176,135
199,389

306,168
204,628
233,234

Equity funds
Fixed income funds
Common/Collective trusts measured at net asset value

Limited Partnerships measured at net asset value
Miscellaneous
Total at June 30, 2017

70,389
46,003
1,677,942
262,092
(9,000)
3,896,001

$

Quoted Prices In
 Active Markets

 (Level 1)

Significant 

Other

 Observable 

Inputs
 (Level 2)

Significant

 Unobservable

 Inputs
 (Level 3)

$

75,370

$

687

$

416,830
236,134

91,982
144,616

306,168
204,628

70,389
46,003

—
—

84,153
54,773

—
—

—
—

—
1,592,120

$

$

(9,000)
130,613

$

—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

Cash and cash equivalents, which include repurchase agreements and other short-term investments, are valued at cost, which 
approximates fair value.  
Equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded.  
U.S. based companies include Company stock with a fair value of $207,202 and $212,480 as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, 
respectively.  
Fixed income securities are valued using both market observable inputs for similar assets that are traded on an active market 
and the closing price on the active market on which the individual securities are traded.  
Mutual funds are valued using the closing market price reported on the active market on which the fund is traded or at net asset 
value per share and primarily consist of equity and fixed income funds.  The equity funds primarily provide exposure to U.S. 
and international equities, real estate and commodities.  The fixed income funds primarily provide exposure to high-yield 
securities and emerging market fixed income instruments.  Mutual funds measured at fair value using the net asset value per 
share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to 
permit a reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Common/Collective trusts primarily consist of equity and fixed income funds and are valued using the closing market price 
reported on the active market on which the fund is traded or at net asset value per share.  Common/Collective trust investments 
can be redeemed without restriction after giving appropriate notice to the issuer.  Generally, redemption of the entire investment 
balance requires a 60-day notice period.  The equity funds provide exposure to large, mid and small cap U.S. equities, 
international large and small cap equities and emerging market equities.  The fixed income funds provide exposure to U.S., 
international and emerging market debt securities.  Common/Collective trusts measured at fair value using the net asset value 
per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to 
permit a reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

55

Limited Partnerships primarily consist of hedge funds valued using a net asset value per share and provide exposure to a variety 
of hedging strategies including long/short equity, relative value, event driven and global macro.  Limited Partnership 
investments can be redeemed either monthly or quarterly and without restriction after giving appropriate notice to the issuer.  
Redemption of the entire investment balance generally requires no more than a 95-day notice period.  Limited Partnerships 
measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value 
hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to permit a reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet.

Miscellaneous primarily includes real estate funds, insurance contracts held in the asset portfolio of the Company's non-U.S. 
defined benefit pension plans, and net payables for securities purchased but not settled in the asset portfolio of the Company's 
U.S. defined benefit pension plans.  Insurance contracts are valued at the present value of future cash flows promised under the 
terms of the insurance contracts.

The primary investment objective of equity securities and equity funds, within both the mutual fund and common/collective 
trust asset class, is to obtain capital appreciation in an amount that at least equals various market-based benchmarks.  The 
primary investment objective of fixed income securities and fixed income funds, within both the mutual fund and common/
collective trust asset class, is to provide for a constant stream of income while preserving capital.  The primary investment 
objective of limited partnerships is to achieve capital appreciation through an investment program focused on specialized 
investment strategies.  The primary investment objective of insurance contracts, included in the miscellaneous asset class, is to 
provide a stable rate of return over a specified period of time.

Employee Savings Plan - The Company sponsors an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) as part of its existing savings and 
investment 401(k) plan.  The ESOP is available to eligible domestic employees.  Company matching contributions, up to a 
maximum of four percent of an employee's annual compensation, are recorded as compensation expense.  Participants may 
direct company matching contributions to any investment option within the savings and investment 401(k) plan.
 

Shares held by ESOP
Company matching contributions

2018
6,476,154
65,262

$

2017
6,911,436
57,766

$

2016
7,728,332
58,922

$

In addition to shares within the ESOP, as of June 30, 2018, employees have elected to invest in 1,870,286 shares of common 
stock within a company stock fund of the savings and investment 401(k) plan.

The Company has a retirement income account (RIA) within the employee savings plan.  The Company makes a cash 
contribution to the participant's RIA each year, the amount of which is based on the participant's age and years of service.  
Participants do not contribute to the RIA.  The Company recognized $29,023, $29,309 and $25,780 in expense related to the 
RIA in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

During 2017, the Company assumed various defined contribution plans previously sponsored by Clarcor.  The Company 
recognized expense of $4,481 and $2,199 in 2018 and 2017, respectively, related to these defined contribution plans.  In 
January 2018, the former employees of Clarcor became eligible to participate in the savings and investment 401(k) plan.

Other Postretirement Benefits - The Company provides postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain retirees 
and eligible dependents. Most plans are contributory, with retiree contributions adjusted annually.  The plans are unfunded and 
pay stated percentages of covered medically necessary expenses incurred by retirees, after subtracting payments by Medicare or 
other providers and after stated deductibles have been met.  For most plans, the Company has established cost maximums to 
more effectively control future medical costs.  The Company has reserved the right to change these benefit plans.  

The Company recognized $2,755, $4,357 and $8,754 in expense related to other postretirement benefits in 2018, 2017 and 
2016, respectively.  During 2016, the Company provided enhanced retirement benefits in connection with a plant closure, 
which resulted in an increase in expense related to other postretirement benefits of $4,521.

56

Change in benefit obligation
Benefit obligation at beginning of year
Service cost
Interest cost
Acquisition
Actuarial gain
Benefits paid
Benefit obligation at end of year
Funded status

Amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
Other accrued liabilities
Pensions and other postretirement benefits
Net amount recognized

Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)
Net actuarial loss
Prior service credit
Net amount recognized

2018

2017

$

79,933
320
2,003
—
(11,259)
(4,476)
66,521
$
(66,521) $

(6,180) $
(60,341)
(66,521) $

89,785
469
1,922
291
(8,235)
(4,299)
79,933
(79,933)

(6,532)
(73,401)
(79,933)

1,232
(314)
918

$

$

12,828
(435)
12,393

$

$
$

$

$

$

$

The presentation of the amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 
is on a debit (credit) basis and is before the effect of income taxes.  The amount of net actuarial loss and prior service credit that 
will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) into net periodic postretirement cost in 2019 is $14 and $(121), 
respectively.
The assumptions used to measure the net periodic benefit cost for postretirement benefit obligations are:

Discount rate
Current medical cost trend rate (Pre-65 participants)
Current medical cost trend rate (Post-65 participants)
Ultimate medical cost trend rate
Medical cost trend rate decreases to ultimate in year

2018
3.46%
8.19%
9.79%
4.50%
2025

2017
3.15%
7.35%
8.68%
4.50%
2025

2016
3.96%
7.61%
9.00%
4.50%
2025

The discount rate assumption used to measure the benefit obligation was 3.92 percent in 2018 and 3.46 percent in 2017.
Estimated future benefit payments for other postretirement benefits in the five years ending June 30, 2019 through 2023 are 
$6,463, $6,358, $5,967, $5,804 and $5,564, respectively, and $24,842 in the aggregate for the five years ending June 30, 2024 
through June 30, 2028.
A one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would not have a material effect on the benefit cost or 
benefit obligation.

Other - The Company has established nonqualified deferred compensation programs, which permit officers, directors and 
certain management employees annually to elect to defer a portion of their compensation, on a pre-tax basis, until their 
retirement.  The retirement benefit to be provided is based on the amount of compensation deferred, Company matching 
contributions and earnings on the deferrals.  In addition, the Company maintains a defined contribution nonqualified 
supplemental executive pension plan in which the Company is the only contributor.  During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the 
Company recorded expense (income) relating to these programs of $13,420, $20,400 and $(2,917), respectively.
The Company has invested in corporate-owned life insurance policies to assist in meeting the obligation under these programs.  
The policies are held in a rabbi trust and are recorded as assets of the Company.

57

Equity 

11. 
Changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) in shareholders' equity by component:

 
Balance June 30, 2016
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
Balance June 30, 2017
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
Balance June 30, 2018

$

$

$

Foreign Currency

Translation

Adjustment and

Other
(844,121) $
(80,189)
(1,032)

(925,342) $
(10,141)
(7,994)

(943,477) $

Retirement
Benefit Plans

(1,383,644) $

242,414
142,368
(998,862) $

76,417
102,836
(819,609) $

Total
(2,227,765)
162,225
141,336
(1,924,204)
66,276
94,842
(1,763,086)

Significant reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) in shareholders' equity during 2018:

Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Components
Retirement benefit plans
Amortization of prior service cost and initial net obligation
Recognized actuarial loss
Total before tax
Tax benefit
Net of tax

Income (Expense) Reclassified

from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive (Loss)

Consolidated Statement of

Income Classification

$

$

(6,467) See Note 10
(147,611) See Note 10
(154,078)
51,242
(102,836)

Income taxes

Significant reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) in shareholders' equity during 2017:

Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Components
Retirement benefit plans
Amortization of prior service cost and initial net obligation
Recognized actuarial loss
Total before tax
Tax benefit
Net of tax

Income (Expense) Reclassified

from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive (Loss)

Consolidated Statement of

Income Classification

$

$

(8,014) See Note 10
(214,284) See Note 10
(222,298)
79,930
(142,368)

Income taxes

Share Repurchases - The Company has a program to repurchase its common shares.  On October 22, 2014, the Board of 
Directors of the Company approved an increase in the overall number of shares authorized to repurchase under the program so 
that, beginning on such date, the aggregate number of shares authorized for repurchase was 35 million.  There is no limitation 
on the number of shares that can be repurchased in a year.  Repurchases may be funded primarily from operating cash flows 
and commercial paper borrowings and the shares are initially held as treasury shares.  The number of common shares 
repurchased at the average purchase price follows:

Shares repurchased
Average price per share including commissions

2018
1,738,234
172.59

$

2017
1,976,778
133.90

$

2016
5,121,051
108.87

$

58

12. 

Stock Incentive Plans

The Company's 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan provides for the granting of share-based incentive awards in the form of 
nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock units (RSUs) and restricted and unrestricted stock 
to officers and key employees of the Company.  The aggregate number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2016 
Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan is 16 million.  At June 30, 2018, 11.6 million common shares were available for future issuance. 
The Company satisfies share-based incentive award obligations by issuing shares of common stock out of treasury, which have 
been repurchased pursuant to the Company's share repurchase program described in Note 11, or through the issuance of 
previously unissued common stock.
SARs -  Upon exercise, SARs entitle the participant to receive shares of common stock equal to the increase in value of the 
award between the grant date and the exercise date.  SARs are exercisable from one to three years after the date of grant and 
expire no more than 10 years after grant.
The fair value of each SAR award granted in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes 
option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:

Risk-free interest rate
Expected life of award
Expected dividend yield of stock
Expected volatility of stock
Weighted-average fair value

2018
1.9%
5.2 years
2.0%
23.4%
29.71

$

2017
1.4%
5.3 years
2.0%
28.5%
27.39

$

2016
1.9%
5.4 years
1.9%
28.7%
26.88

$

The risk-free interest rate was based on U.S. Treasury yields with a term similar to the expected life of the award. The expected 
life of the award was derived by referring to actual exercise and post-vesting employment termination experience.  The 
expected dividend yield was based on the Company's historical dividend rate and stock price over a period similar to the 
expected life of the award.  The expected volatility of stock was derived by referring to changes in the Company's historical 
common stock prices over a time-frame similar to the expected life of the award.  
SAR activity during 2018 is as follows (aggregate intrinsic value in millions): 

Outstanding June 30, 2017
Granted
Exercised
Canceled
Outstanding June 30, 2018
Exercisable June 30, 2018

Number of

Shares
6,533,406
907,626

$
$
(1,351,120) $
(43,031) $
$
$

6,046,881
4,168,672

Weighted-

Average Exercise

Price

94.18
158.79
78.61
146.84
106.98
92.74

Weighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual

Term

Aggregate

Intrinsic Value

5.8 years
4.6 years

$
$

298.1
263.1

A summary of the status and changes of shares subject to SAR awards and the related average price per share follows:

Nonvested June 30, 2017
Granted
Vested
Canceled
Nonvested June 30, 2018
 

59

Weighted-

Number of

Average Grant
Date Fair Value
Shares
27.80
$
1,947,569
29.71
$
907,626
(933,955) $
28.33
(43,031) $
28.34
$
28.44

1,878,209

At June 30, 2018, $13,458 of expense with respect to nonvested SAR awards has yet to be recognized and will be amortized 
into expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 17 months.  The total fair value of shares vested during 2018, 
2017 and 2016 was $26,461, $33,094 and $34,706, respectively.
Information related to SAR awards exercised during 2018, 2017 and 2016 is as follows:

Net cash proceeds
Intrinsic value
Income tax benefit

$

$

2018
3,682
136,000
28,701

$

2017
2,202
153,908
31,193

2016
126
40,612
7,188

During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of $27,422, $28,535 and $28,129, 
respectively, relating to SAR awards.  The Company derives a tax deduction measured by the excess of the market value over 
the grant price at the date stock-based awards are exercised.  The related income tax benefit was credited to income tax expense 
in 2018 and 2017 and to additional capital in 2016.
Shares surrendered upon exercise of SARs:  2018 - 269,670; 2017 - 371,246; 2016 - 158,808.

RSUs - RSUs constitute an agreement to deliver shares of common stock to the participant at the end of a vesting period.  
Generally, the RSUs granted to employees vest and the underlying stock is issued ratably over a three-year graded vesting 
period.  Nonvested RSUs may not be transferred and do not have dividend or voting rights.  For each nonvested RSU, 
recipients are entitled to receive a dividend equivalent, payable in cash or common shares, equal to the cash dividend per share 
paid to common shareholders.  
The fair value of each RSU award granted in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was based on the fair market value of the Company's 
common stock on the date of grant.  A summary of the status and changes of shares subject to RSU awards for employees and 
the related average price per share follows:

Nonvested June 30, 2017
Granted
Vested
Canceled
Nonvested June 30, 2018

Number of

Shares
$
394,329
$
157,086
(176,855) $
(13,949) $
360,611
$

Weighted-Average
Grant Date Fair

Value

120.92
159.26
116.94
139.61
138.85

During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of $24,073, $23,025 and $21,190 
respectively, relating to RSU awards for employees.  At June 30, 2018, $18,627 of expense with respect to nonvested RSU 
awards has yet to be recognized and will be amortized into expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 21 
months. The total fair value of RSU awards vested during 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $20,681, $21,576 and $21,173, 
respectively.  The Company recognized an income tax benefit of $2,451, $939 and $870 relating to the issuance of common 
stock for RSU awards that vested during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

During 2018, 2017 and 2016, 9,900, 12,430 and 14,404 RSU awards, respectively, with a one-year vesting period were granted 
to non-employee members of the Board of Directors.  Although nonvested shares do not have dividend or voting rights, 
recipients receive a dividend equivalent payable in common shares, equal to the cash dividend per share paid to common 
shareholders.  In 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of $1,697, $1,560, and 
$824, respectively, relating to these awards.  At June 30, 2018, $596 of expense with respect to 9,845 nonvested RSU awards 
granted to the Board of Directors has yet to be recognized and will be amortized into expense over a weighted-average period 
of approximately four months.  During 2018 and 2017, the Company recognized an income tax benefit of $270 and $105, 
respectively, related to the vesting of 12,639 and 13,740 RSU awards, respectively, issued to the Board of Directors.

60

LTIP - The Company's Long Term Incentive Plans (LTIP) provide for the issuance of unrestricted stock to certain officers and 
key employees based on the attainment of certain goals relating to the Company's revenue growth, earnings per share growth 
and return on invested capital during the three-year performance period.  No dividends or dividend equivalents are paid on 
unearned shares.

Stock issued for LTIP
LTIP three-year plan
Number of shares issued
Share value on date of issuance
Total value

2018
2015-16-17
308,278
176.39
54,377

$
$

2017
2014-15-16
227,707
157.07
35,766

2016
2013-14-15
175,291
113.91
19,967

$
$

$
$

Under the Company's 2016-17-18 LTIP, a payout of unrestricted stock will be issued in April 2019.
The fair value of each LTIP award granted in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was based on the fair market value of the Company's 
common stock on the date of grant.  A summary of the status and changes of shares relating to the LTIP and the related average 
price per share follows: 

Nonvested June 30, 2017
Granted
Vested
Canceled
Nonvested June 30, 2018

Weighted-

Number of

Shares

Average Grant
Date Fair Value
119.56
$
734,744
206.99
$
191,986
(256,071) $
122.11
(12,388) $
128.63
143.90
$
658,271

During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $65,640, $27,219 and $21,150, 
respectively, relating to the LTIP.  During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized an income tax benefit of $3,893, 
$1,701 and $3,119, respectively, relating to the LTIP.  
Shares surrendered in connection with the LTIP:  2018 - 139,918; 2017 - 113,074; 2016 - 78,173.

Restricted Shares - Prior to 2016, the Company issued restricted shares to non-employee members of the Board of Directors.  
The fair value of the restricted shares was based on the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.  
During 2016, the Company recognized expense of $468 and tax cost of $(32) related to restricted shares.

Research and Development

13. 
Research and development costs amounted to $327,877 in 2018, $336,675 in 2017 and $359,796 in 2016.  These amounts 
include both costs incurred by the Company related to independent research and development initiatives as well as costs 
incurred in connection with research and development contracts.  Costs incurred in connection with research and development 
contracts amounted to $40,823 in 2018, $65,292 in 2017 and $57,999 in 2016.  These costs are included in the total research 
and development cost for each of the respective years.  

14. 

Financial Instruments

The Company’s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and other 
investments, accounts receivable and long-term investments as well as obligations under accounts payable, trade, notes payable 
and long-term debt.  Due to their short-term nature, the carrying values for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, 
accounts payable, trade and notes payable approximate fair value.

Marketable securities and other investments include deposits, which are recorded at cost, and investments classified as 
available-for-sale, which are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other 
comprehensive (loss).  Gross unrealized gains and losses were not material as of June 30, 2018 and 2017.  There were no facts 
or circumstances that indicated the unrealized losses were other than temporary.

61

The contractual maturities of available-for-sale investments were predominantly one to three years at June 30, 2018 and 2017.  
Actual maturities of available-for-sale investments may differ from their contractual maturities as the Company has the ability 
to liquidate the available-for-sale investments after giving appropriate notice to the issuer.

The carrying value of long-term debt and estimated fair value of long-term debt at June 30 are as follows:

Carrying value of long-term debt
Estimated fair value of long-term debt

$

2018
4,460,402
4,548,796

$

2017
5,383,343
5,645,529

The fair value of long-term debt was determined based on observable market prices in the active market in which the security is 
traded and is classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

The Company utilizes derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, including forward exchange contracts, costless 
collar contracts, cross-currency swap contracts and certain foreign denominated debt designated as net investment hedges, to 
manage foreign currency transaction and translation risk.  The derivative financial instrument contracts are with major 
investment grade financial institutions and the Company does not anticipate any material non-performance by any of the 
counterparties.  The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

The Company’s €700 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2025 have been designated as a hedge of the 
Company’s net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries.  The translation of the Senior Notes due 2025 into U.S. dollars is 
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) and remains there until the underlying net investment is sold or 
substantially liquidated.

Derivative financial instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as either assets or liabilities and are 
measured at fair value. 
The location and fair value of derivative financial instruments reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet are as follows:

Net investment hedges

Cross-currency swap contracts

Cash flow hedges

Costless collar contracts
Costless collar contracts

Balance Sheet Caption

2018

2017

Other assets

$

7,614

$

15,135

Non-trade and notes receivable
Other accrued liabilities

932
236

430
2,027

 

    

The cross-currency swap and costless collar contracts are reflected on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  The 
Company has not entered into any master netting arrangements.

Gains or losses on derivatives that are not hedges are adjusted to fair value through the cost of sales caption in the Consolidated 
Statement of Income.  Gains or losses on derivatives that are hedges are adjusted to fair value through accumulated other 
comprehensive (loss) in the Consolidated Balance Sheet until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.

The cross-currency swap contracts have been designated as hedging instruments.  The costless collar contracts have not been 
designated as hedging instruments and are considered to be economic hedges of forecasted transactions.
Gains or losses on derivative financial instruments that were recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income during 2018, 
2017 and 2016 were not material.
        
(Losses) on derivative and non-derivative financial instruments that were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet are as follows:

 

Cross-currency swap contracts
Foreign denominated debt

$

2018

(9,209) $
(9,543)

2017
(6,003)
(16,175)

There was no ineffectiveness of the cross-currency swap contracts or foreign denominated debt, nor were any portion of these 
financial instruments excluded from the effectiveness testing during 2018, 2017 and 2016.

62

A summary of financial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June 30, 2018 and 2017 are 
as follows:

Assets:
Equity securities
Corporate bonds
Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities
Derivatives
Investments measured at net asset value
Liabilities:
Derivatives

Assets:
Equity securities
Corporate bonds
Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities
Derivatives
Investments measured at net asset value
Liabilities:
Derivatives

$

$

Quoted Prices 

In

 Active 
Markets
 (Level 1)

Significant Other

 Observable 

Inputs
 (Level 2)

Significant

 Unobservable

 Inputs
 (Level 3)

$

2,956
5,331
—
—

— $
—
3,911
14,110

—

5,315

—
—
—
—

—

Quoted Prices 

In

 Active 
Markets
 (Level 1)

Significant Other

 Observable 

Inputs
 (Level 2)

Significant

 Unobservable

 Inputs
 (Level 3)

$

3,008
5,968
—
—

— $
—
4,762
16,496

—

16,064

—
—
—
—

—

June 30, 2018

$

2,956
5,331
3,911
14,110
7,208

5,315

June 30, 2017

$

3,008
5,968
4,762
16,496
7,073

16,064

The fair values of the equity securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities are determined using 
the closing market price reported in the active market in which the fund is traded or the market price for similar assets that are 
traded in an active market. 

Derivatives consist of forward exchange, costless collar and cross-currency swap contracts, the fair values of which are 
calculated using market observable inputs including both spot and forward prices for the same underlying currencies.  The 
calculation of fair value of the cross-currency swap contracts also utilizes a present value cash flow model that has been 
adjusted to reflect the credit risk of either the Company or the counterparty.
Investments measured at net asset value primarily consist of investments in fixed income mutual funds, which are measured at 
fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient.  These investments have not been categorized in the fair value 
hierarchy.  The Company has the ability to liquidate these investments after giving appropriate notice to the issuer.

The primary investment objective for all investments is the preservation of principal and liquidity while earning income.

There are no other financial assets or financial liabilities that are marked to market on a recurring basis.  Fair values are 
transferred between levels of the fair value hierarchy when facts and circumstances indicate that a change in the method of 
estimating the fair value of a financial asset or financial liability is warranted.

63

Contingencies

15. 
The Company is involved in various litigation matters arising in the normal course of business, including proceedings based on 
product liability claims, workers' compensation claims and alleged violations of various environmental laws.  The Company is 
self-insured in the United States for health care, workers' compensation, general liability and product liability up to 
predetermined amounts, above which third party insurance applies.  Management regularly reviews the probable outcome of 
these proceedings, the expenses expected to be incurred, the availability and limits of the insurance coverage and the 
established accruals for liabilities.  While the outcome of pending proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, management 
believes that any liabilities that may result from these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
Environmental - The Company is currently responsible for environmental remediation at various manufacturing facilities 
presently or formerly operated by the Company and has been named as a “potentially responsible party,” along with other 
companies, at off-site waste disposal facilities and regional sites. 
As of June 30, 2018, the Company had an accrual of $18,024 for environmental matters, which are probable and reasonably 
estimable.  The accrual is recorded based upon the best estimate of costs to be incurred in light of the progress made in 
determining the magnitude of remediation costs, the timing and extent of remedial actions required by governmental authorities 
and the amount of the Company's liability in proportion to other responsible parties.  
The Company's estimated total liability for environmental matters ranges from a minimum of $18.0 million to a maximum of 
$81.0 million.  The largest range for any one site is approximately $9.5 million.  The actual costs to be incurred by the 
Company will be dependent on final determination of contamination and required remedial action, negotiations with 
governmental authorities with respect to cleanup levels, changes in regulatory requirements, innovations in investigatory and 
remedial technologies, effectiveness of remedial technologies employed, the ability of other responsible parties to pay, and any 
insurance or other third-party recoveries.

16. 

Quarterly Information (Unaudited)

2018
Net sales
Net income attributable to common
shareholders
Diluted earnings per share  

2017
Net sales
Net income attributable to common
shareholders
Diluted earnings per share  

$

$

1st
3,364,651

$

2nd
3,370,673

$

3rd
3,749,591

$

4th
3,817,477

Total
$ 14,302,392

285,397
2.10

56,159
0.41

365,989
2.70

353,256
2.62

1,060,801
7.83

1st
2,743,131

$

2nd
2,670,804

$

3rd
3,119,139

$

4th
3,496,238

Total
$ 12,029,312

210,129
1.55

241,305
1.78

238,673
1.75

293,305
2.15

983,412
7.25

Earnings per share amounts are computed independently for each of the quarters presented, therefore, the sum of the quarterly 
earnings per share amounts may not equal the total computed for the year.

64

ITEM 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  None.

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the 
participation of the Company’s management, including the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial 
officer, of the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2018.  Based on this evaluation, 
the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2018, the Company’s 
disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

There was no change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 

 
2018 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting.

Management's Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)).  We 
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018.  In making this assessment, we 
used the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in “Internal Control-
Integrated Framework (2013).”  We concluded that based on our assessment, the Company's internal control over financial 
reporting was effective as of June 30, 2018.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company's consolidated financial 
statements, has issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018, 
which is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9B. Other Information. None.

PART III

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  Information required with respect to the 

Directors of the Company is set forth under the caption "Item I – Election of Directors" in the definitive Proxy Statement for 
the Company’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held October 24, 2018 (the "2018 Proxy Statement"), and is 
incorporated herein by reference. Information with respect to the executive officers of the Company is included in Part I, 
Item 1C of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant."

The information set forth under the caption "Other Governance Matters - Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting 

Compliance" in the 2018 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company has adopted a Global Code of Business Conduct that applies to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial 
Officer and Controller.  The Global Code of Business Conduct is posted on the Company’s investor relations internet website at 
www.phstock.com under the Corporate Governance page.  Any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Company’s 
Global Code of Business Conduct that applies to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Controller will also be 
posted at www.phstock.com under the Corporate Governance page.

The information set forth under the captions "Committees of Our Board of Directors - The Audit Committee" and 

"Report of the Audit Committee" in the 2018 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. The information set forth under the captions "Compensation Discussion and 

Analysis," "Compensation Committee Report," and "Compensation Tables" in the 2018 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein 
by reference.

65

ITEM 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information set forth under the captions "Principal Shareholders" in the 2018 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by 
reference.

Equity Compensation Plan Information.  The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company's 

equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2018, unless otherwise indicated.

Plan Category
Equity compensation plans
approved by security holders
Equity compensation plans not
approved by security holders

Total

Number of securities to be
issued upon exercise of
outstanding options, warrants
and rights

Weighted-average exercise
price of outstanding options,
warrants and rights

Number of securities
remaining available for
future issuance under
Equity compensation plans

7,754,599(1)

—

7,754,599

$108.89

—

$108.89

21,597,846(2)

—

21,597,846

(1)Includes the maximum future payouts of common stock that may be issued under the calendar year 2016-17-18, 2017-18-19 
and 2018-19-20 long term incentive performance awards (LTIP awards).  For these LTIP awards, payouts will be determined 
based on our achieving an average return on average equity of 4% or an average free cash flow margin of 4%.  If these 
performance measures are achieved, the participants will be eligible to receive the maximum payout of 200%.  The Human 
Resources and Compensation Committee will then compare our performance to that of a group of our peers and, if appropriate, 
apply its discretion to reduce the final payouts based on any performance measures that the Committee determines to be 
appropriate.

(2)The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan is 
16 million shares, of which approximately 11.6 million shares are available for future issuance.  The maximum number of 
shares that may be issued under the Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan is 10 million shares, of which approximately 9.9 
million shares are still available for future issuance.

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information set forth 
under the captions "Other Governance Matters - Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons" and "Corporate 
Governance: Board of Directors - Director Independence" in the 2018 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  The information set forth under the captions "Audit Fees," "Audit-
Related Fees," "Tax Fees," "All Other Fees" and "Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures" in the 2018 Proxy 
Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

66

PART IV

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

a. The following are filed as part of this report:

1. Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Business Segment Information
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statement of Equity
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2. Schedule

II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Page Number
in Form 10-K

32
33
34
36
37
38
39

73

3. Exhibits

Exhibit No.
(2)(a)

(3)(a)

(3)(b)

(4)(a)

(4)(b)

(10)(a)

(10)(b)

Description of Exhibit
Agreement and Plan of Merger among Parker-Hannifin Corporation, CLARCOR, Inc. and Parker Eagle 
Corporation dated as of December 1, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Registrant's Form 
8-K filed with the SEC on December 1, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982). +
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws:
Amended Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to Registrant's Report on 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Code of Regulations, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Registrant’s Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).

Instruments Defining Rights of Security Holders:
Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 24, 2017, among Registrant and Morgan Stanley & Co. 
LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Representatives of the Initial Purchasers, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 
2017 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 24, 2017, among Registrant and the Initial Purchasers (as 
defined therein), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K 
filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-4982).

The Registrant is a party to other instruments, copies of which will be furnished to the Commission upon
request, defining the rights of holders of its long-term debt identified in Note 9 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included within Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Material Contracts:
Form of Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Agreement 
entered into by Registrant and its executive officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to 
Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008 (Commission File 
No. 1-4982).

Form of Parker-Hannifin Corporation Change in Control Severance Agreement for Executive Officers 
elected after September 1, 2015 at or above Grade 29, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to 
Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
 

67

(10)(c)

(10)(d)

(10)(e)

(10)(f)

(10)(g)

(10)(h)

(10)(i)

(10)(j)

(10)(k)

(10)(l)

(10)(m)

(10)(n)

(10)(o)

(10)(p)

(10)(q)

(10)(r)

(10)(s)

Form of Parker-Hannifin Corporation Change in Control Severance Agreement for Executive Officers 
dated after September 1, 2015 below Grade 29, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Registrant's 
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).

Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Plan, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 
30, 2008 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the Registrant and its directors and executive officers, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
June 30, 2003 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Description of the Parker-Hannifin Corporation Officer Life Insurance Plan, incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10(h) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2005 (Commission 
File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits 
Program, effective July 1, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant’s Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive 
Retirement Program, effective January 22, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to 
Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2015 (Commission File 
No. 1-4982).
Summary of the Parker-Hannifin Corporation Executive Disability Insurance Plan, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10(j) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 
(Commission File No. 1-4982). 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10(b) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2010 
(Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated 2009 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by 
reference to Appendix A to Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on 
September 24, 2012 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Annex B 
to  Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on September 26, 2016 
(Commission File No. 1-4982).

Parker-Hannifin Corporation First Amendment to 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, effective April 1, 
2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended March 31, 2017 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation 2010 Performance Bonus Plan, incorporated by reference to Annex A to  
Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on September 27, 2010 (Commission 
File No. 1-4982).

Parker-Hannifin Corporation 2015 Performance Bonus Plan incorporated by reference to Appendix B to  
Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on September 28, 2015 (Commission 
File No. 1-4982).
Form of 2007 Notice of Grant of Stock Options with Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights for executive 
officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC 
on August 22, 2006 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Form of 2008 Notice of Grant of Stock Options with Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights for executive 
officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the 
SEC on September 5, 2007 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Form of 2009 Notice of Stock Options Award with Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights for Executive 
Officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended September 30, 2008 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Form of 2010 Notice of Stock Options with Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights for Executive Officers, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended September 30, 2009 (Commission File No. 1-4982).

68

(10)(t)

(10)(u)

(10)(v)

(10)(w)

(10)(x)

(10)(y)

(10)(z)

(10)(aa)

(10)(bb)

(10)(cc)

(10)(dd)

(10)(ee)

(10)(ff)

(10)(gg)

(10)(hh)

(10)(ii)

(10)(jj)

Form of 2011 Parker-Hannifin Corporation Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement for executive 
officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC 
on August 17, 2010 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
2011 Parker-Hannifin Corporation Stock Appreciation Rights Terms and Conditions for executive 
officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC 
on August 17, 2010 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Form of Parker-Hannifin Corporation Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement for executive officers, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended September 30, 2011 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Stock Appreciation Rights Terms and Conditions for executive officers, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended September 30, 2011 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Target Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to  
Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2010 (Commission File 
No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Target Incentive Plan Subject to Performance Bonus Plan, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10(e) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 
30, 2010 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Long-Term Incentive Performance Plan Under the Performance Bonus Plan, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended March 31, 2013 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Form of Parker-Hannifin Corporation Long-Term Incentive Performance (LTIP) Award Under the 
Performance Bonus Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K 
filed with the Commission on February 1, 2011 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Long-Term Incentive Performance Plan Under the Performance Bonus Plan, 
as amended and restated, effective January 20, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to 
Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (Commission file No. 
1-4982). 

Form of Notice of Award under the Parker-Hannifin Corporation Long-Term Incentive Performance Plan 
Under the Performance Bonus Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(bb) 
to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (Commission file 
No. 1-4982). 

Parker-Hannifin Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement dated August 17, 2016 for Lee C. 
Banks, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended September 30, 2014 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions for Lee C. Banks, incorporated 
by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
September 30, 2014 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Profitable Growth Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) 
to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2014 (Commission File 
No. 1-4982).
Form of Notice of RONA Bonus Award Under the Parker-Hannifin Corporation Performance Bonus Plan, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended September 30, 2009 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation RONA Plan Subject to Performance Bonus Plan, incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10(f) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2010 
(Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Summary of RONA Bonus Awards in Lieu of Certain Executive Perquisites, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended September 30, 2008 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation amended and restated Savings Restoration Plan, as of September 1, 2004, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(t) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
June 30, 2004 (Commission File No. 1-4982).

69

(10)(kk)

(10)(ll)

(10)(mm)

(10)(nn)

(10)(oo)

(10)(pp)

(10)(qq)

(10)(rr)

(10)(ss)

(10)(tt)

(10)(uu)

(12)
(21)
(23)
(24)
(31)(a)

(31)(b)

(32)

101.INS
101.SCH
101.CAL
101.DEF
101.LAB
101.PRE

Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated Savings Restoration Plan, effective January 1, 2016, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended December 31, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated Pension Restoration Plan, effective July 1, 2016, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(mm) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended June 30, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).

Parker-Hannifin Corporation amended and restated Executive Deferral Plan, as of September 1, 2004, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
June 30, 2004 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated Executive Deferral Plan, effective September 2, 
2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(pp) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended June 30, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to 
Appendix A to Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on September 22, 2014 
(Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Claw-back Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant’s 
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2009 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Amended and Restated 2004 Non-Employee Directors’ Stock Incentive 
Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended June 30, 2009 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Form of Parker-Hannifin Corporation Non-Employee Directors' Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended December 31, 2015 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Non-Employee Directors' Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and 
Conditions, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarterly period ended December 31, 2015 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors of Parker-Hannifin Corporation, 
effective January 22, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-
Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2015 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Summary of the Compensation of the Non-Employee Members of the Board of Directors, effective 
October 26, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Registrant’s Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (Commission File No. 1-4982).
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges as of June 30, 2018.*
List of subsidiaries of Registrant.*
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.*
Power of Attorney.*
Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant 
to §302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*
Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to 
§302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to §906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002.*
XBRL Instance Document.*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.*

70

+ 
copy of any omitted exhibits and schedules upon request.

Certain schedules have been omitted and the Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the Commission a 

* 

Submitted electronically herewith.

Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting 
Language): (i) Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended June 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, (ii) Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheet 
at June 30, 2018 and 2017, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2018, 2017 and 
2016, (v) Consolidated Statement of Equity for the years ended June 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, and (vi) Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Shareholders may request a copy of any of the exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K by writing to the Secretary, 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation, 6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141.

Individual financial statements and related applicable schedules for the Registrant (separately) have been omitted 

because the Registrant is primarily an operating company and its subsidiaries are considered to be wholly-owned.

71

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 

this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 

SIGNATURES

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION
By:

 
 
 
 

/s/ Catherine A. Suever
Catherine A. Suever
Executive Vice President - Finance &
Administration and Chief Financial Officer

August 24, 2018 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 

persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signature and Title

THOMAS L. WILLIAMS, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Principal Executive Officer; TODD M. LEOMBRUNO, 
Principal Accounting Officer; LEE C. BANKS, Director; ROBERT G. BOHN, Director; LINDA S. HARTY, Director; 
ROBERT J. KOHLHEPP, Director; KEVIN A. LOBO, Director; KLAUS-PETER MÜLLER, Director; CANDY M. OBOURN, 
Director; JOSEPH SCAMINACE, Director; WOLFGANG R. SCHMITT, Director; ÅKE SVENSSON, Director; JAMES R. 
VERRIER, Director; and JAMES L. WAINSCOTT, Director.

Date: August 24, 2018 
 

/s/ Catherine A. Suever
Catherine A. Suever, Executive Vice President –
Finance & Administration and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial Officer and
Attorney-in-Fact)

72

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION

SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED June 30, 2016, 2017 and 2018 

(Dollars in Thousands)

 

Column A

Description
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
Year ended June 30, 2016
Year ended June 30, 2017
Year ended June 30, 2018
Deferred tax asset valuation allowance:
Year ended June 30, 2016
Year ended June 30, 2017
Year ended June 30, 2018

Column B

Balance at
Beginning
Of Period

Column C
Additions
Charged to
Costs and
Expenses

Column D

Other

(Deductions)/
Additions (A)

Column E

Balance
At End
Of Period

$
$
$

$
$
$

9,284
8,010
14,336

330,006
332,708
684,079

$
$
$

$
$
$

1,419
3,559
2,861

2,702
349,803
10,778

$
$
$

$
$
$

(2,693) $
2,767
$
(7,525) $

1,568

— $
$
— $

8,010
14,336
9,672

332,708
684,079
694,857

(A) 

For allowance for doubtful accounts, net balance is comprised of deductions due to divestitures or uncollectible 
accounts charged off, additions due to acquisitions or recoveries, and currency translation adjustments.  For deferred 
tax asset valuation allowance, the balance primarily represents adjustments due to acquisitions.

73

Exhibit 31(a)

CERTIFICATIONS

I, Thomas L. Williams, certify that:

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Parker-Hannifin Corporation;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present 
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the 
periods presented in this report;

The Registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

a) 

b) 

c) 

d) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its 
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
which this report is being prepared;

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting 
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles;

evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
during the Registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual 
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant’s internal control 
over financial reporting; and

5. 

The Registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
over financial reporting, to the Registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant’s board of directors (or 
persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 

b) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial 
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize 
and report financial information; and

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 
in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.

Date:   August 24, 2018

/s/ Thomas L. Williams
Thomas L. Williams
Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit 31(b)

CERTIFICATIONS

I, Catherine A. Suever, certify that:

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Parker-Hannifin Corporation;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and 
for, the periods presented in this report;

The Registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls 
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial 
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

a) 

b) 

c) 

d) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its 
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
which this report is being prepared;

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting 
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles;

evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
during the Registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual 
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant’s internal control 
over financial reporting; and

5. 

The Registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control 
over financial reporting, to the Registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant’s board of directors (or 
persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 

b) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial 
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize 
and report financial information; and

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 
in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.

Date:   August 24, 2018

/s/ Catherine A. Suever
Catherine A. Suever
Executive Vice President – Finance &
Administration and Chief Financial Officer

Certification Pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
As Adopted Pursuant to

§ 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Exhibit 32

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in 

 
connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Parker-Hannifin Corporation (the “Company”) for the fiscal 
year ended June 30, 2018, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), each of the 
undersigned officers of the Company certifies, that, to such officer’s knowledge: 

(1) 

(2) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and 
results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

Dated:  August 24, 2018

  
 

/s/ Thomas L. Williams
Name: Thomas L. Williams
Title:  Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Catherine A. Suever
Name:  Catherine A. Suever
Title:  Executive Vice President-Finance &
Administration and Chief Financial Officer

“Conditions such as we have successfully 
encountered and waded through during the 
existence of this business, are an inspiration… 
let everyone look forward to greater responsibilities 
and actively enter into our group activities and 
contribute their share to the success thereof.” 

- Art Parker on the importance of culture, 1934

With Appreciation

Executive Management

Robert W. Bond
The Board of Directors and Management of Parker Hannifin acknowledge the retirement of Robert 
W. Bond after 40 years of dedicated service. As Vice President and President - Fluid Connectors 
Group for more than a decade, he successfully led the group to achieve record-setting growth 
and financial performance. More recently, Mr. Bond was responsible for expanding Parker’s global 
service offering and establishing a foundation for the company’s Internet of Things initiatives.  
He is noted for his transformational leadership and for the lasting impact his contributions have  
left on Parker and those around him. 

Michael Chung
The Board of Directors and Management of Parker Hannifin acknowledge the retirement of 
Michael Chung, Vice President - eBusiness, IoT and Services, after 32 years of dedicated service. 
Mr. Chung made significant contributions as Vice President and President - Automation Group, 
with responsibility for the global development, manufacturing and marketing of pneumatic 
and electromechanical technologies. He also led the Asia Pacific Group during a period of 
considerable growth and development. Mr. Chung will be remembered for his positive outlook and 
for building and transforming our Asia Pacific business. 

Board of Directors - As of October 24, 2018

Robert J. Kohlhepp
The Board of Directors and Management of Parker Hannifin acknowledge the retirement of  
Robert J. Kohlhepp, retired President of Xamass Partners LLC and Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer of Cintas Corporation, who served on Parker Hannifin’s Board of Directors for 16 years.  
Mr. Kohlhepp leveraged his extensive experience leading a global industrial company to provide 
expert guidance to Parker in driving shareholder value. 

Klaus-Peter Müller
The Board of Directors and Management of Parker Hannifin acknowledge the retirement of 
Klaus-Peter Müller, retired Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Commerzbank AG, who served 
on Parker Hannifin’s Board of Directors for 20 years. Mr. Müller made a meaningful impact in 
maximizing the value Parker delivers to shareholders by applying decades of service in senior 
financial leadership positions.

Wolfgang R. Schmitt
The Board of Directors and Management of Parker Hannifin acknowledge the retirement of 
Wolfgang R. Schmitt, retired Chief Executive Officer of Trends 2 Innovation and Rubbermaid, who 
served on Parker Hannifin’s Board of Directors representing shareholders for 26 years. Mr. Schmitt 
provided Parker valuable leadership and strategic insights through his experience as a strategic 
growth consultant, helping to drive Parker shareholder value for nearly three decades. 

FISCAL YEAR 2018

RECORDS

#1 Motion & Control Company

Billion

OPERATING MARGIN

$14.3 TOTAL NET SALES
15.7%TOTAL SEGMENT 
$7.83 EARNINGS PER SHARE
$1.6 CASH FLOW FROM 

OPERATIONS

Billion

Product Groups

Motion Systems

Key Markets
Agriculture 
Construction 
Distribution 
General machinery
Machine tool 
Marine 
Material handling
Military
Mining
Oil & gas
Power generation
Semiconductor 
Transportation
Truck & bus
Turf

© 2018 PARKER HANNIFIN CORPORATION     

Aerospace

Fluid Connectors

Instrumentation

Filtration

Engineered Materials

Key Markets 
Aftermarket services
Commercial transports
Engines
General & business aviation
Helicopters
Military aircraft 
Missiles
Power generation
Regional transports
Unmanned aerial vehicles

Key Products 
Control actuation systems & 
components
Engine systems & components
Fluid conveyance systems & 
components
Fluid metering, delivery & atomization 
devices
Fuel systems & components
Fuel tank inerting systems
Hydraulic systems & components
Lubrication components
Pneumatic control components
Power conditioning & management 
systems
Thermal management
Wheels & brakes

Key Markets 
Aerial lift
Agriculture
Bulk chemical handling
Construction
Food & beverage
Fuel & gas delivery
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Marine
Mining
Mobile
Oil & gas
Renewable energy
Transportation

Key Products 
Check valves
Diagnostic equipment
Hose couplings
Industrial hose
Low pressure fittings & adapters
Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) 
hose & tubing
Quick couplings
Rubber & thermoplastic hose
Tube fittings & adapters
Tubing & plastic fittings

Key Products 
Accumulators 
Air preparation (FRL) & dryers 
Cartridge valves 
Clusters 
Controllers & human machine 
interfaces (HMI) 
Coolers 
Cylinders 
Drive controlled pumps 
Drives (AC/DC Servo) 
Electric actuators & positioners 
Electric motors & gearheads
Electrohydraulic actuators 
Electrohydraulic pumps 
Electronic displays & HMI
Fan drives 
Gerotor pumps & motors 
Grippers 
Helical actuators
Integrated hydrostatic transmissions 
Industrial valves
IO link controllers 
IoT
Joysticks
Mobile valves
Piston pumps & motors
Pneumatic cylinders 
Pneumatic valves
Power take-offs
Rotary actuators
Screw pumps
Sensors
Software
Vane pumps & motors

Key Markets 
Air conditioning
Alternative fuels
Analytical
Chemical
Diesel engine
Food & beverage
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Microelectronics
Oil & gas
Packaging
Refining
Refrigeration
Transportation

Key Products
Accumulators
Analytical instruments & sample 
conditioning systems
Compressed natural gas dispensers
Cryogenic valves
Electronic valves
Emissions
Filter driers
Fluid system & control fittings, meters, 
valves, regulators & manifold valves
Fluoropolymer chemical delivery 
fittings, valves & pumps
High-pressure fittings, valves, 
pumps & systems
High-purity gas delivery fittings, 
valves & regulators
Miniature valves & pumps
Natural gas on-board fuel systems
Pressure regulating valves
Refrigeration & air conditioning 
electronic controls & monitoring
Solenoid valves

Key Markets 
Agriculture
Aerospace & defense
Construction
Food & beverage
Heating, ventilation & air conditioning 
(HVAC) 
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Marine
Mining
Oil & gas
Power generation
Renewable energy
Transportation
Water purification

Key Products 
Aerospace filters & systems
Air pollution control & dust collection 
systems & filters
Compressed air & gas treatment 
solutions
Engine fuel, oil, air & closed crankcase 
ventilation filtration systems
Filtration & purification systems
Fluid condition monitoring systems
Gas turbine air inlet filters
HVAC filters
Hydraulic & lubrication filters & systems
Industrial & analytical gas generators
Instrumentation filters
Membrane, fiber & sintered metal 
filters
Natural gas filters
Process liquid, air & gas filters
Sterile air filters
Water purification filters & systems

Key Markets 
Aerospace
Chemical processing
Consumer
Fluid power
General industrial
Information technology
Life sciences
Microelectronics
Military
Oil & gas
Power generation
Renewable energy
Telecommunications
Transportation

Key Products 
Dynamic seals
Elastomeric o-rings
Electro-medical instrument design 
& assembly
Electromagnetic interference shielding
Extruded & precision-cut fabricated 
elastomeric seals
High-temperature metal seals
Homogeneous & inserted 
elastomeric shapes
Medical device fabrication & assembly
Metal & plastic retained composite 
seals
Shielded optical windows
Silicone tubing & extrusions
Thermal management
Vibration dampening

 
UNMATCHED BREADTH OF 
TECHNOLOGY & ENGINEERING EXPERTISE

FISCAL YEAR 2018

RECORDS

#1 Motion & Control Company

Billion

OPERATING MARGIN

$14.3 TOTAL NET SALES
15.7%TOTAL SEGMENT 
$7.83 EARNINGS PER SHARE
$1.6 CASH FLOW FROM 

OPERATIONS

Billion

Product Groups

Motion Systems

Key Markets
Agriculture 
Construction 
Distribution 
General machinery
Machine tool 
Marine 
Material handling
Military
Mining
Oil & gas
Power generation
Semiconductor 
Transportation
Truck & bus
Turf

© 2018 PARKER HANNIFIN CORPORATION     

Aerospace

Fluid Connectors

Instrumentation

Filtration

Engineered Materials

Key Markets 
Aftermarket services
Commercial transports
Engines
General & business aviation
Helicopters
Military aircraft 
Missiles
Power generation
Regional transports
Unmanned aerial vehicles

Key Products 
Control actuation systems & 
components
Engine systems & components
Fluid conveyance systems & 
components
Fluid metering, delivery & atomization 
devices
Fuel systems & components
Fuel tank inerting systems
Hydraulic systems & components
Lubrication components
Pneumatic control components
Power conditioning & management 
systems
Thermal management
Wheels & brakes

Key Markets 
Aerial lift
Agriculture
Bulk chemical handling
Construction
Food & beverage
Fuel & gas delivery
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Marine
Mining
Mobile
Oil & gas
Renewable energy
Transportation

Key Products 
Check valves
Diagnostic equipment
Hose couplings
Industrial hose
Low pressure fittings & adapters
Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) 
hose & tubing
Quick couplings
Rubber & thermoplastic hose
Tube fittings & adapters
Tubing & plastic fittings

Key Products 
Accumulators 
Air preparation (FRL) & dryers 
Cartridge valves 
Clusters 
Controllers & human machine 
interfaces (HMI) 
Coolers 
Cylinders 
Drive controlled pumps 
Drives (AC/DC Servo) 
Electric actuators & positioners 
Electric motors & gearheads
Electrohydraulic actuators 
Electrohydraulic pumps 
Electronic displays & HMI
Fan drives 
Gerotor pumps & motors 
Grippers 
Helical actuators
Integrated hydrostatic transmissions 
Industrial valves
IO link controllers 
IoT
Joysticks
Mobile valves
Piston pumps & motors
Pneumatic cylinders 
Pneumatic valves
Power take-offs
Rotary actuators
Screw pumps
Sensors
Software
Vane pumps & motors

Key Markets 
Air conditioning
Alternative fuels
Analytical
Chemical
Diesel engine
Food & beverage
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Microelectronics
Oil & gas
Packaging
Refining
Refrigeration
Transportation

Key Products
Accumulators
Analytical instruments & sample 
conditioning systems
Compressed natural gas dispensers
Cryogenic valves
Electronic valves
Emissions
Filter driers
Fluid system & control fittings, meters, 
valves, regulators & manifold valves
Fluoropolymer chemical delivery 
fittings, valves & pumps
High-pressure fittings, valves, 
pumps & systems
High-purity gas delivery fittings, 
valves & regulators
Miniature valves & pumps
Natural gas on-board fuel systems
Pressure regulating valves
Refrigeration & air conditioning 
electronic controls & monitoring
Solenoid valves

Key Markets 
Agriculture
Aerospace & defense
Construction
Food & beverage
Heating, ventilation & air conditioning 
(HVAC) 
Industrial machinery
Life sciences
Marine
Mining
Oil & gas
Power generation
Renewable energy
Transportation
Water purification

Key Products 
Aerospace filters & systems
Air pollution control & dust collection 
systems & filters
Compressed air & gas treatment 
solutions
Engine fuel, oil, air & closed crankcase 
ventilation filtration systems
Filtration & purification systems
Fluid condition monitoring systems
Gas turbine air inlet filters
HVAC filters
Hydraulic & lubrication filters & systems
Industrial & analytical gas generators
Instrumentation filters
Membrane, fiber & sintered metal 
filters
Natural gas filters
Process liquid, air & gas filters
Sterile air filters
Water purification filters & systems

Key Markets 
Aerospace
Chemical processing
Consumer
Fluid power
General industrial
Information technology
Life sciences
Microelectronics
Military
Oil & gas
Power generation
Renewable energy
Telecommunications
Transportation

Key Products 
Dynamic seals
Elastomeric o-rings
Electro-medical instrument design 
& assembly
Electromagnetic interference shielding
Extruded & precision-cut fabricated 
elastomeric seals
High-temperature metal seals
Homogeneous & inserted 
elastomeric shapes
Medical device fabrication & assembly
Metal & plastic retained composite 
seals
Shielded optical windows
Silicone tubing & extrusions
Thermal management
Vibration dampening

 
UNMATCHED BREADTH OF 
TECHNOLOGY & ENGINEERING EXPERTISE

Parker Hannifin Corporation
6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141
216 896 3000 www.parker.com

BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS

THOMAS L. WILLIAMS 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Parker-Hannifin Corporation

LEE C. BANKS  
President and Chief Operating Officer
Parker-Hannifin Corporation

ROBERT G. BOHN  
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Oshkosh Corporation (specialty vehicles)

LINDA S. HARTY 
Former Treasurer
Medtronic plc (medical technology)

ROBERT J. KOHLHEPP* 
Former Chairman
Cintas Corporation (uniform rental)

KEVIN A. LOBO  
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
and President
Stryker Corporation (medical technologies)

KLAUS-PETER MÜLLER*  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Commerzbank AG (international banking)

CANDY M. OBOURN  
Chairman
Isoflux Incorporated (coatings technologies)

JOSEPH SCAMINACE  
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
OM Group, Inc. (metal-based specialty 
chemicals)

WOLFGANG R. SCHMITT*  
Former Chief Executive Officer
Trends 2 Innovation (strategic growth 
consultants)

ÅKE SVENSSON 
Chairman 
Swedavia AB (transport infrastructure)

JAMES R. VERRIER  
Former President, Chief Executive Officer 
and Director
BorgWarner Inc. (powertrain solutions)

JAMES L. WAINSCOTT  
Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
and President
AK Steel Holding Corporation (steel producer)

*  Retired from the Board of Directors as of 
  October 24, 2018.

EXECUTIVE 
MANAGEMENT

THOMAS L. WILLIAMS 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

LEE C. BANKS 
President and Chief Operating Officer

CATHERINE A. SUEVER 
Executive Vice President - Finance & 
Administration and Chief Financial Officer

MARK J. HART
Executive Vice President - Human Resources 
and External Affairs

WILLIAM “SKIP” BOWMAN
Vice President and President - 
Instrumentation Group

ROBIN J. DAVENPORT 
Vice President - Corporate Finance
 
WILLIAM G. ELINE 
Vice President - Chief Information Officer

THOMAS C. GENTILE 
Vice President - Global Supply Chain 

JOACHIM GUHE 
President - Europe, Middle East and Africa 
(EMEA) Group 

KURT A. KELLER 
Vice President 

TODD M. LEOMBRUNO 
Vice President and Controller

JOSEPH R. LEONTI 
Vice President, General Counsel 
and Secretary

CANDIDO LIMA 
President - Latin America Group

ROBERT W. MALONE 
Vice President and President - 
Filtration Group

M. CRAIG MAXWELL 
Vice President - Chief Technology 
and Innovation Officer

MICHAEL J. O’HARA 
Vice President - Global Sales and Marketing

JENNIFER A. PARMENTIER 
Vice President and President -
Engineered Materials Group

ANDREW D. ROSS 
Vice President and President - 
Fluid Connectors Group

ROGER S. SHERRARD 
Vice President and President - 
Aerospace Group

MICHAEL WEE 
President - Asia Pacific Group

ANDREW M. WEEKS 
Vice President and President - 
Motion Systems Group

INVESTOR 
INFORMATION
ANNUAL MEETING 
The 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
will be held on Wednesday, October 24, 2018, 
at Parker-Hannifin Global Headquarters, 
6035 Parkland Blvd., Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141, 
at 9:00 a.m. EDT.

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING FIRM 
Deloitte & Touche, LLP, Cleveland, Ohio

TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR 
Equiniti Trust Company 
EQ Shareowner Services 
P.O. Box 64854 
St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0854 
Telephone 800 468 9716
www.shareowneronline.com

STOCK INFORMATION 
New York Stock Exchange 
Ticker symbol: PH 
www.phstock.com

PARKER CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
6035 Parkland Boulevard 
Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141 
216 896 3000 

INVESTOR CONTACT
ROBIN J. DAVENPORT 
Vice President - Corporate Finance
216 896 2265
rjdavenport@parker.com

Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return*

Among Parker-Hanniﬁn Corporation, the S&P 500 Index and the
S&P Industrials Index

Parker-Hannifin Corporation
S&P 500
S&P Industrials

 

6/13 
 

6/14 

6/15 

6/16 

 

6/17 

6/18

$250

200

150

100

50
 

2013 

 
 
Parker-Hanniﬁn Corporation   100.00 
S&P 500 
100.00 
S&P Industrials 
100.00 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018

133.96 
124.61 
128.58 

126.37 
133.86 
131.62 

120.22 
139.20 
140.89 

181.16 
164.11 
172.26 

179.50
187.70
181.46

*$100 invested on 6/30/13 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.
  Fiscal year ending June 30. 

Copyright© 2018 Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.

PARKER
HANNIFIN
ANNUAL
REPORT

8
1
0
2

Parker Hannifin Corporation
6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141
216 896 3000 www.parker.com

BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS

THOMAS L. WILLIAMS 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Parker-Hannifin Corporation

LEE C. BANKS  
President and Chief Operating Officer
Parker-Hannifin Corporation

ROBERT G. BOHN  
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Oshkosh Corporation (specialty vehicles)

LINDA S. HARTY 
Former Treasurer
Medtronic plc (medical technology)

ROBERT J. KOHLHEPP* 
Former Chairman
Cintas Corporation (uniform rental)

KEVIN A. LOBO  
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
and President
Stryker Corporation (medical technologies)

KLAUS-PETER MÜLLER*  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Commerzbank AG (international banking)

CANDY M. OBOURN  
Chairman
Isoflux Incorporated (coatings technologies)

JOSEPH SCAMINACE  
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
OM Group, Inc. (metal-based specialty 
chemicals)

WOLFGANG R. SCHMITT*  
Former Chief Executive Officer
Trends 2 Innovation (strategic growth 
consultants)

ÅKE SVENSSON 
Chairman 
Swedavia AB (transport infrastructure)

JAMES R. VERRIER  
Former President, Chief Executive Officer 
and Director
BorgWarner Inc. (powertrain solutions)

JAMES L. WAINSCOTT  
Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
and President
AK Steel Holding Corporation (steel producer)

*  Retired from the Board of Directors as of 
  October 24, 2018.

EXECUTIVE 
MANAGEMENT

THOMAS L. WILLIAMS 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

LEE C. BANKS 
President and Chief Operating Officer

CATHERINE A. SUEVER 
Executive Vice President - Finance & 
Administration and Chief Financial Officer

MARK J. HART
Executive Vice President - Human Resources 
and External Affairs

WILLIAM “SKIP” BOWMAN
Vice President and President - 
Instrumentation Group

ROBIN J. DAVENPORT 
Vice President - Corporate Finance
 
WILLIAM G. ELINE 
Vice President - Chief Information Officer

THOMAS C. GENTILE 
Vice President - Global Supply Chain 

JOACHIM GUHE 
President - Europe, Middle East and Africa 
(EMEA) Group 

KURT A. KELLER 
Vice President 

TODD M. LEOMBRUNO 
Vice President and Controller

JOSEPH R. LEONTI 
Vice President, General Counsel 
and Secretary

CANDIDO LIMA 
President - Latin America Group

ROBERT W. MALONE 
Vice President and President - 
Filtration Group

M. CRAIG MAXWELL 
Vice President - Chief Technology 
and Innovation Officer

MICHAEL J. O’HARA 
Vice President - Global Sales and Marketing

JENNIFER A. PARMENTIER 
Vice President and President -
Engineered Materials Group

ANDREW D. ROSS 
Vice President and President - 
Fluid Connectors Group

ROGER S. SHERRARD 
Vice President and President - 
Aerospace Group

MICHAEL WEE 
President - Asia Pacific Group

ANDREW M. WEEKS 
Vice President and President - 
Motion Systems Group

INVESTOR 
INFORMATION
ANNUAL MEETING 
The 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
will be held on Wednesday, October 24, 2018, 
at Parker-Hannifin Global Headquarters, 
6035 Parkland Blvd., Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141, 
at 9:00 a.m. EDT.

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING FIRM 
Deloitte & Touche, LLP, Cleveland, Ohio

TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR 
Equiniti Trust Company 
EQ Shareowner Services 
P.O. Box 64854 
St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0854 
Telephone 800 468 9716
www.shareowneronline.com

STOCK INFORMATION 
New York Stock Exchange 
Ticker symbol: PH 
www.phstock.com

PARKER CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
6035 Parkland Boulevard 
Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141 
216 896 3000 

INVESTOR CONTACT
ROBIN J. DAVENPORT 
Vice President - Corporate Finance
216 896 2265
rjdavenport@parker.com

Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return*

Among Parker-Hanniﬁn Corporation, the S&P 500 Index and the
S&P Industrials Index

Parker-Hannifin Corporation
S&P 500
S&P Industrials

 

6/13 
 

6/14 

6/15 

6/16 

 

6/17 

6/18

$250

200

150

100

50
 

2013 

 
 
Parker-Hanniﬁn Corporation   100.00 
S&P 500 
100.00 
S&P Industrials 
100.00 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018

133.96 
124.61 
128.58 

126.37 
133.86 
131.62 

120.22 
139.20 
140.89 

181.16 
164.11 
172.26 

179.50
187.70
181.46

*$100 invested on 6/30/13 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.
  Fiscal year ending June 30. 

Copyright© 2018 Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.

PARKER
HANNIFIN
ANNUAL
REPORT

8
1
0
2

