PBF Energy Inc.

2017 Annual Report

2017 At-A-Glance

PBF Energy (“PBF”) is a growth-oriented independent petroleum refiner and supplier of 
unbranded petroleum products.  We are committed to the safe, reliable and environmentally 
responsible operations of our five domestic oil refineries, and related assets, with a combined 
processing capacity of approximately 900,000 barrels per day (bpd) and a weighted-average 
Nelson Complexity Index of 12.2.

PBF Energy also owns approximately 44% of PBF Logistics LP (NYSE: PBFX). PBF Logistics LP, 
headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey, is a fee-based, growth-oriented master limited 
partnership formed by PBF Energy to own or lease, operate, develop and acquire crude oil and 
refined petroleum products, terminals, pipelines, storage facilities and similar logistics assets.

Nelson Complexity

Chalmette Refinery 

The Chalmette Refinery, in Louisiana, is a 189,000 bpd, 
dual-train coking refinery with a Nelson Complexity 
Index of 12.7 and is capable of processing both 
light and heavy crude oil. The facility is strategically 
positioned on the Gulf Coast with strong logistics 
connectivity that offers flexible raw material sourcing 
and product distribution opportunities, including the 

potential to export products.

12.7 Nelson Complexity

             Delaware City Refinery

The Delaware City refinery has a throughput 
capacity of 190,000 bpd and a Nelson Complexity 
Index of 11.3. As a result of its configuration and 
petroleum refinery processing units, Delaware 
City has the capability to process a diverse heavy 
slate of crudes with a high concentration of high 
sulfur crudes making it one of the largest and most 
complex refineries on the East Coast. 

190,000 bpd

P B F   E N E R G Y   /   2 0 1 7   A N N U A L   R E P O R T 

  P A G E   1

Toledo Refinery 
Toledo Refinery 

The Toledo refinery has a throughput capacity of 
The Toledo refinery has a throughput capacity of 
approximately 170,000 bpd and a Nelson Complexity 
approximately 170,000 bpd and a Nelson Complexity 
Index of 9.2. Toledo processes a slate of light crude 
Index of 9.2. Toledo processes a slate of light crude 
oils from Canada, the Mid-continent and the U.S. Gulf 
oils from Canada, the Mid-continent and the U.S. Gulf 
Coast. Toledo produces a high volume of finished 
Coast. Toledo produces a high volume of finished 
products including gasoline and ultra-low sulfur diesel, 
products including gasoline and ultra-low sulfur diesel, 
in addition to a variety of high-value petrochemicals 
in addition to a variety of high-value petrochemicals 
including nonene, xylene, tetramer and toluene.
including nonene, xylene, tetramer and toluene.

170,000 bpd
170,000 bpd

             Torrance Refinery
             Torrance Refinery

The Torrance refinery has a nameplate crude capacity 
The Torrance refinery has a nameplate crude capacity 
of 155,000 bpd and is PBF’s most complex refinery 
of 155,000 bpd and is PBF’s most complex refinery 
with a Nelson Complexity Index of 14.9. The refinery 
with a Nelson Complexity Index of 14.9. The refinery 
produces approximately 1.8 billion gallons of gasoline 
produces approximately 1.8 billion gallons of gasoline 
per year, which represents approximately ten percent 
per year, which represents approximately ten percent 
of the gasoline demand in California. 
of the gasoline demand in California. 

1.8 billion gallons
1.8 billion gallons

             Paulsboro Refinery
             Paulsboro Refinery

The Paulsboro refinery has a throughput capacity of 
The Paulsboro refinery has a throughput capacity of 
180,000 bpd and a Nelson Complexity Index of 13.2. 
180,000 bpd and a Nelson Complexity Index of 13.2. 
The Paulsboro refinery is located on the Delaware River 
The Paulsboro refinery is located on the Delaware River 
in Paulsboro, New Jersey, just south of Philadelphia, and 
in Paulsboro, New Jersey, just south of Philadelphia, and 
is approximately 30 miles north of the Delaware City 
is approximately 30 miles north of the Delaware City 
refinery. The Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries 
refinery. The Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries 
are the only two operating petroleum refineries on the 
are the only two operating petroleum refineries on the 
East Coast with coking capacity.
East Coast with coking capacity.

13.2 Nelson Complexity
13.2 Nelson Complexity

P A G E   2

To Our Shareholders,

2017 was a year in two halves for PBF Energy. 
During the first half of the year, we invested 
heavily in our assets by successfully completing 
planned turnarounds at our Torrance, Chalmette 
and Delaware City refineries. The second quarter 
Torrance turnaround was the largest in PBF’s history 
and involved over 2,000 additional workers. The 
$600 million dollars of turnaround and refining 
maintenance improvements and strategic capital 
investments we completed were critical to our 
operational success in the third and fourth quarters 
and helped demonstrate the strength of our fully-
operational refining system. All of this was managed 
and executed by our outstanding workforce.

Following the extensive maintenance activities, our 
refineries ran well for the remainder of the year. 
Torrance achieved record throughput rates and, as 
expected, we reduced our operating costs to below 
seven dollars per barrel as a result of our improved 
reliability. Chalmette continued to perform well and 
we are seeing operating expenses come down. Our 
East Coast and Mid-continent assets also ran reliably 
and our total system was able to generate $685 million 
in cash from operations. 

In 2017, excluding special items, PBF generated 
EBITDA of approximately $723 million and operating 
income of $435 million for the year, resulting in 
adjusted fully-converted net income of $1.14 per 
share, on a fully-exchanged and fully-diluted basis. 
On a consolidated basis, we invested over $725 
million in the business through turnarounds, capital 
expenditures and acquisitions at the PBF Logistics 
level. We finished 2017 with a cash balance of $573 
million, total liquidity of approximately $1.4 billion 
and a net debt to capitalization ratio of 35 percent, 
excluding special items.

“

 
We always strive to put our 
assets in a position to be 
successful while maintaining the 
highest standards for safety and 
environmental stewardship” 

 

 

 

 

    –Tom Nimbley, CEO 

In recognition of the earnings of our assets, our 
board and management continue to support a regular 
annual dividend, paid quarterly, of $1.20 per share. In 
2017, PBF paid out $132 million in four separate non-
tax distributions.

Our logistics partner, PBF Logistics (or the 
“Partnership”), continued delivering strong financial 
results and distribution growth to its unit holders. The 
Partnership completed two significant organic projects, 
the Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline and the Chalmette 
Storage Facility, and acquired the Toledo Terminal 
which, in total, will increase Partnership EBITDA by 
approximately $15 million on an annualized basis. The 
organic projects exemplify the synergistic value of the 
relationship between PBF Energy and the Partnership. 
The Chalmette Storage Facility, in particular, provides 
a critical logistics solution to PBF’s Chalmette refinery 
by debottlenecking its marine facilities, allowing for 
more efficient feedstock deliveries and increased 
product exports, while concurrently reducing excess 
demurrage costs. Since the time of its initial public 
offering, PBF Logistics has supported a compound 
annual distribution growth rate of approximately 
15 percent through the end of 2017, with a current 
annualized distribution of $1.94 per unit. PBF Energy 
continues to be a strong sponsor for the Partnership 
and currently owns approximately 44 percent of PBF 

P B F   E N E R G Y   /   2 0 1 7   A N N U A L   R E P O R T 

  P A G E   3

Logistics and 100 percent of the incentive distribution 
rights and the general partner. 

Growth has been a pillar of our past success and continues 
to be a guiding strategy for realizing our future potential. 
In order to continue to grow our business we focus on the 
financial strength of our company and its balance sheet. In 
May, PBF Energy successfully refinanced its 8.25 percent 
senior secured notes with a new $725 million, 8-year 
unsecured 7.25 percent note. Additionally, in October, PBF 
Logistics successfully placed $175 million of senior notes 
through an upsized offering. Both of these transactions 
improved the strength of the respective balance sheets 
and provides each company with financial resources 
for growth. In 2017, we focused our efforts on improving 
system reliability and consolidating and harmonizing the 
acquisitions of the Torrance and Chalmette refineries. 
Our primary focus is always operating our very complex 
assets in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible 
manner in order to be successful and, ultimately, reward 
our shareholders. We will also continue to look for 
opportunities to grow our business through organic 
projects, additional refinery acquisitions and through 
opportunities in partnership with PBF Logistics. 

As we look forward in 2018, our goal is to deliver 
another year of safe and reliable operations and put 
our refining system in a position to benefit from any 
opportunities that the market may present. There are 
several potential tailwinds on the horizon. The passage 
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December has reduced 
PBF Energy’s effective tax rate from approximately 40 
percent to approximately 27 percent and we expect 
the benefit we garner from the lower tax rate can be 
reinvested in our refineries to enhance profitability. 

sulfur levels in fuels being used in the shipping industry. 
This regulation could materially increase demand for 
low-sulfur distillate and potentially drive wider light 
– heavy spreads for feedstocks. PBF Energy, with its 
highly-complex refining system, is well positioned to 
benefit from this changing fuel specification and we are 
examining additional opportunities to invest in high-
return projects at our refineries to further increase our 
advantage in this area.

As always, this is an exciting time to be in the refining 
business. Global demand for refined products is 
increasing, the supply of crude oil is abundant and the 
regulatory environment is evolving. We expect this 
confluence of circumstances will combine to make the 
environment for refining very favorable. We always 
strive to put our assets in a position to be successful 
while maintaining the highest standards for safety and 
environmental stewardship.

Before closing, we would like to thank Dennis Houston 
for his insights and counsel as a Director of PBF and 
wish him well for the future. We also thank our Board 
of Directors, present and past, for their continued 
stewardship and guidance. Additionally, we would like 
to thank all of PBF’s employees for their dedication and 
commitment; they are the foundation of our company 
and responsible for any successes PBF Energy enjoys. 

Finally, we thank our shareholders for your continuing 
support. We will work diligently to reward the trust you 
have placed with us.

Looking further out, the International Maritime 
Organization has put in place regulations that will 
currently go into effect in January of 2020 that reduce 

Tom Nimbley 
Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer

P A G E   4

Our Refineries

Toledo

Paulsboro

Delaware City

Torrance

Chalmette

(cid:81)(cid:3)PADD 1   (cid:81)(cid:3)PADD 2   (cid:81)(cid:3)PADD 3   (cid:81)(cid:3)PADD 4   (cid:81)(cid:3)PADD 5

The figures below are the total number of acres per each location:

Torrance  
Refinery 

750 

Chalmette 
 Refinery

462 

Toledo 
 Refinery

282 

Delaware City  

Refinery

5,000 

Paulsboro 
Refinery

950 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark one) 

Or 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended: December 31, 2017 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from            to              
Commission File Number: 001-35764 

PBF ENERGY INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

One Sylvan Way, Second Floor

Parsippany, New Jersey

(Address of principal executive offices)

45-3763855 

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

07054
(Zip Code)

Registrants’ telephone number, including area code: (973) 455-7500

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months 
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted 
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such 
files). 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best 
of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large 
accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

  Yes    

  Yes    

Yes    

Yes  

  No

  No

No

No

Large accelerated

filer

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer
(Do not check if a
smaller reporting

company)

Smaller reporting

company

Emerging growth

company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting 
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
The aggregate market value of the Common Stock of PBF Energy Inc. held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2017 was $2,425,403,143 based upon the New York Stock Exchange 
Composite Transaction closing price. 
As of February 20, 2018, PBF Energy Inc. had outstanding 110,672,334 shares of Class A common stock and 24 shares of Class B common stock.

  Yes    

  No

PBF Energy Inc. intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after December 31, 
2017. Portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent stated herein.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

PBF ENERGY INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I

Business

Item 1.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.

Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosures

PART II

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Item 5.
Item 6.
Item 7.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Item 9B. Other Information

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

PART III

Item 10.
Item 11.

Item 12.
Item 13.
Item 14.

Item 15.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Principal Accountant Fees and Services

PART IV
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

SIGNATURES

2

4
30
51
51
51
54

55
59
61
104
106
106
106
107

107
107

108
108
108

109

Explanatory Note

This Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed by PBF Energy Inc. (“PBF Energy”) which is a holding company 
whose primary asset is an equity interest in PBF Energy Company LLC (“PBF LLC”). PBF Energy is the sole 
managing  member  of,  and  owner  of  an  equity  interest  representing  approximately  96.7%  of  the  outstanding 
economic interests in, PBF LLC as of December 31, 2017. PBF Energy operates and controls all of the business 
and affairs and consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. PBF LLC is a holding company 
for the companies that directly and indirectly own and operate the business.

PART I

This Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed by PBF Energy. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms 
“we,” “us,” and “our” refer to both PBF Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries, including PBF LLC, PBF Holding 
Company LLC (“PBF Holding”), PBF Investments LLC (“PBF Investments”), Toledo Refining Company LLC 
(“Toledo Refining” or “TRC”), Paulsboro Refining Company LLC (“Paulsboro Refining” or “PRC”), Delaware 
City Refining Company LLC (“Delaware City Refining” or “DCR”), Chalmette Refining, L.L.C. (“Chalmette 
Refining”), PBF Western Region LLC (“PBF Western Region”), Torrance Refining Company LLC (“Torrance 
Refining”), Torrance Logistics Company LLC (“Torrance Logistics”), PBF Logistics GP LLC (“PBF GP”) and 
PBF Logistics LP (“PBFX”).

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make certain forward-looking statements, including statements 
regarding our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and resources, under the safe harbor provisions 
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 to the extent such statements relate to the operations of an 
entity that is not a limited liability company or a partnership. You should read our forward-looking statements 
together with our disclosures under the heading: “Cautionary Statement for the Purpose of Safe Harbor Provisions 
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.” When considering forward-looking statements, you should 
keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under 
“Risk Factors” in Item 1A.

3

ITEM. 1 BUSINESS 

Overview

We are one of the largest independent petroleum refiners and suppliers of unbranded transportation fuels, 
heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants and other petroleum products in the United States. We sell our 
products throughout the Northeast, Midwest, Gulf Coast and West Coast of the United States, as well as in other 
regions of the United States and Canada, and are able to ship products to other international destinations. We were 
formed in 2008 to pursue acquisitions of crude oil refineries and downstream assets in North America. As of 
December 31, 2017, we own and operate five domestic oil refineries and related assets, which we acquired in 2010, 
2011, 2015 and 2016. Our refineries have a combined processing capacity, known as throughput, of approximately 
900,000 barrels per day (“bpd”), and a weighted-average Nelson Complexity Index of 12.2. We operate in two 
reportable business segments: Refining and Logistics. 

PBF Energy was formed on November 7, 2011 and is a holding company whose primary asset is a controlling 
equity interest in PBF LLC. We are the sole managing member of PBF LLC and operate and control all of the 
business and affairs of PBF LLC. We consolidate the financial results of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries and record 
a  noncontrolling  interest  in  our  consolidated  financial  statements  representing  the  economic  interests  of  the 
members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy. PBF LLC is a holding company for the companies that directly or 
indirectly own and operate our business. PBF Holding is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF LLC and is the parent 
company for our refining operations. PBF Energy, through its ownership of PBF LLC, also consolidates the financial 
results of PBFX and records a noncontrolling interest for the economic interests in PBFX held by the public 
common unit holders of PBFX.

As of December 31, 2017, we held 110,586,762 PBF LLC Series C Units and our current and former 
executive officers and directors and certain employees held 3,767,464 PBF LLC Series A Units (we refer to all of 
the holders of the PBF LLC Series A Units as “the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy”). As a result, 
the holders of our issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock have approximately 96.7% of the 
voting power in us, and the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy through their holdings of Class B common 
stock have approximately 3.3% of the voting power in us. 

4

The following map details the locations of our refineries and the location of PBFX’s assets (each as defined 

below):

5

Refining

Our five refineries are located in Delaware City, Delaware, Paulsboro, New Jersey, Toledo, Ohio, New 

Orleans, Louisiana and Torrance, California. Each of these refineries is briefly described in the table below:

Refinery
Delaware City

Paulsboro

Toledo

Chalmette

Torrance

________

Region

East Coast

East Coast

Mid-
Continent
Gulf Coast

West Coast

Nelson

Complexity

Index

11.3

13.2

9.2

12.7

14.9

Throughput Capacity
(in barrels per day)
190,000

PADD
1

Crude Processed (1)
light sweet through
heavy sour
light sweet through
heavy sour
light sweet

1

2

3

light sweet through
heavy sour
5 medium and heavy

Source (1)
water, rail

water

pipeline,
truck, rail
water,
pipeline
pipeline,
water, truck

180,000

170,000

189,000

155,000

(1) Reflects the typical crude and feedstocks and related sources utilized under normal operating conditions and 
prevailing market environments.

On July 1, 2016, we closed our acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets (the “Torrance 
Acquisition”). The Torrance refinery is strategically positioned in Southern California with advantaged logistics 
connectivity that offers flexible raw material sourcing and product distribution opportunities primarily in the 
California, Las Vegas and Phoenix area markets.

In addition to refining assets, the Torrance Acquisition included a number of high-quality logistics assets 
including a sophisticated network of crude and products pipelines, product distribution terminals and refinery crude 
and  product  storage  facilities. The  most  significant  of  the  logistics  assets  is  a  189-mile  crude  gathering  and 
transportation system which delivers San Joaquin Valley crude oil directly from the field to the refinery. Additionally, 
the transaction included several pipelines which provide access to sources of crude oil including the Ports of Long 
Beach and Los Angeles, as well as clean product outlets with a direct pipeline supplying jet fuel to the Los Angeles 
airport. The Torrance refinery also has crude and product storage facilities with approximately 8.6 million barrels 
of shell capacity.

Logistics

PBFX is a fee-based, growth-oriented, publicly traded Delaware master limited partnership formed by PBF 
Energy to own or lease, operate, develop and acquire crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, 
storage facilities and similar logistics assets. PBFX engages in the receiving, handling, storage and transferring of 
crude oil, refined products, natural gas and intermediates from sources located throughout the United States and 
Canada for PBF Energy in support of certain of its refineries, as well as for third party customers. As of December 31, 
2017, a substantial majority of PBFX’s revenue is derived from long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with 
PBF Holding, which include minimum volume commitments, for receiving, handling, storing and transferring 
crude oil, refined products and natural gas. PBF Energy also has agreements with PBFX that establish fees for 
certain general and administrative services and operational and maintenance services provided by PBF Holding 
to PBFX. These transactions, other than those with third parties, are eliminated by PBF Energy in consolidation. 

On May 14, 2014, PBFX completed its initial public offering (the “PBFX Offering”). As of December 31, 
2017, PBF LLC held a 44.1% limited partner interest (consisting of 18,459,497 common units) in PBFX, with the 
remaining 55.9% limited partner interest held by the public unit holders. PBF LLC also owns all of the incentive 
distribution rights (“IDRs”) and indirectly owns a non-economic general partner interest in PBFX through its 

6

wholly-owned subsidiary, PBF Logistics GP LLC (“PBF GP”), the general partner of PBFX. The IDRs entitle PBF 
LLC to receive increasing percentages, up to a maximum of 50.0%, of the cash PBFX distributes from operating 
surplus in excess of $0.345 per unit per quarter. As a result of the payment on May 31, 2017 by PBFX of its 
distribution for the first quarter of 2017, the financial tests required for conversion of all of PBFX’s previously 
outstanding subordinated units into common units were satisfied. As a result, all of PBFX’s subordinated units, 
which were owned by PBF LLC, converted on a one-for-one basis into common units effective June 1, 2017. The 
conversion of the subordinated units did not impact the amount of cash distributions paid by PBFX or the total 
number of its outstanding units. The subordinated units were issued by PBFX in connection with its initial public 
offering in May 2014.

On February 15, 2017, PBFX entered into a contribution agreement (the “PNGPC Contribution Agreement”) 
between PBFX and PBF LLC. Pursuant to the PNGPC Contribution Agreement, PBF LLC contributed to PBFX’s 
wholly owned subsidiary, PBFX Operating Company LLC (“PBFX Op Co”), all of the issued and outstanding 
limited liability company interests of Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline Company LLC (“PNGPC”). PNGPC owns 
and operates an existing interstate natural gas pipeline that originates in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, at an 
interconnection with Texas Eastern pipeline that runs under the Delaware River and terminates at the delivery point 
to PBF Holding’s Paulsboro refinery, and is subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
(“FERC”). In connection with the PNGPC Contribution Agreement, PBFX constructed a new 24” pipeline to 
replace the existing pipeline, which commenced services in August 2017 (the “Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline”). 
In consideration for the PNGPC limited liability company interests, PBFX delivered to PBF LLC (i) an $11.6 
million intercompany promissory note in favor of Paulsboro Refining Company LLC (the “Promissory Note”), 
(ii) an expansion rights and right of first refusal agreement in favor of PBF LLC with respect to the Paulsboro 
Natural Gas Pipeline  and (iii) an assignment and assumption agreement with respect to certain outstanding litigation 
involving PNGPC and the existing pipeline.

Effective February 2017, PBF Holding and PBFX Op Co entered into a ten-year storage services agreement 
(the “Chalmette Storage Services Agreement”) under which PBFX, through PBFX Op Co, began providing storage 
services to PBF Holding commencing on November 1, 2017 upon the completion of the construction of a new 
crude tank with a shell capacity of 625,000 barrels at PBF Holding’s Chalmette Refinery (the “Chalmette Storage 
Tank”). PBFX Op Co and Chalmette Refining have entered into a twenty-year lease for the premises upon which 
the tank is located and a project management agreement pursuant to which Chalmette Refining managed the 
construction of the tank.

On April 17, 2017, PBFX’s wholly-owned subsidiary, PBF Logistics Products Terminals LLC, acquired the 
Toledo, Ohio refined products terminal assets (the “Toledo Products Terminal”) from Sunoco Logistics L.P. for an 
aggregate purchase price of $10.0 million, plus working capital. The Toledo Products Terminal is directly connected 
to, and currently supplied by, PBF Holding’s Toledo refinery.

See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director 

Independence.”

 

7

Available Information

Our website address is www.pbfenergy.com. Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on 
Form 8-K, and any other materials filed with (or furnished to) the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
by us are available on our website (under “Investors”) free of charge, soon after we file or furnish such material. 
In this same location, we also post our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics, and 
the charters of the committees of our board of directors. These documents are available free of charge in print to 
any stockholder that makes a written request to the Secretary, PBF Energy Inc., One Sylvan Way, Second Floor, 
Parsippany, New Jersey 07054.

8

The diagram below depicts our organizational structure as of December 31, 2017:

Current and 

Former 

Management

PBF LLC
Series A Units
•

Represents 3.3% of the total 
economic interest of PBF 
LLC
Not publicly traded
No voting rights
Economic rights only
Exchangeable on one-for-
one basis for shares of our 
Class A common stock

•
•
•
•

Shares of Class B common stock
•
•

Voting rights only
One vote to each PBF LLC 
Series A unit held by such 
holder
3.3% of voting power in PBF 
Energy Inc.

•

PBF Energy Inc.

(NYSE: PBF)
(PBF Energy)

Public

Stockholders

Class A common stock
•
•

96.7% of voting power in PBF Energy
100% of economic interests in PBF 
Energy

Sole Managing Member and 
PBF LLC Series C units
•

Represents 96.7% of the 
total economic interest of 
PBF LLC
100% management power 
in PBF LLC

PBF Energy
Company LLC

(PBF LLC)

•

PBF Logistics GP LLC

(PBF GP)

Non-economic 
general partner 

interest

44.1% 
limited 
partner 
interest

Public 
Common 
Unitholders

55.9% limited 

partner 
interest

PBFX Revolving Credit Facility
PBFX Senior Notes due 2023 

PBF Logistics LP
(NYSE:  PBFX)
(PBF Logistics)

PBF Holding
Company LLC
(PBF Holding)

Revolving Loan
Senior Notes due 2025

Senior Notes due 2023

Operating Subsidiaries

Refining and Other 
Operating Subsidiaries

Rail Term Loan
Catalyst Leases

9

Operating Segments

We operate in two reportable business segments: Refining and Logistics. Our five oil refineries, including 
certain related logistics assets that are not owned by PBFX, are engaged in the refining of crude oil and other 
feedstocks into petroleum products, and are aggregated into the Refining segment. PBFX operates logistics assets 
such as crude oil and refined products terminaling, pipeline and storage assets. Certain of PBFX’s assets were 
previously operated and owned by various subsidiaries of PBF Holding and were acquired by PBFX in a series of 
transactions since its inception. PBFX is reported in the Logistics segment. A substantial majority of PBFX’s 
revenue is derived from long-term, fee based commercial agreements with PBF Holding and its subsidiaries and 
these intersegment related revenues are eliminated in consolidation. See “Note 20 - Segment Information” of our 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for detailed information on our operating results by business segment.

Refining Segment

We own and operate five refineries providing geographic and market diversity. We produce a variety of 
products at each of our refineries, including gasoline, ULSD, heating oil, jet fuel, lubricants, petrochemicals and 
asphalt. We sell our products throughout the Northeast, Midwest, Gulf Coast and West Coast of the United States, 
as well as in other regions of the United States, Canada and Mexico, and are able to ship products to other 
international destinations.

Delaware City Refinery 

 
Overview.  The  Delaware  City  refinery  is  located  on  an  approximately  5,000-acre  site,  with  access  to 
waterborne cargoes and an extensive distribution network of pipelines, barges and tankers, truck and rail. Delaware 
City is a fully integrated operation that receives crude via rail at its crude unloading facilities, or ship or barge at 
its docks located on the Delaware River. The crude and other feedstocks are stored in an extensive tank farm prior 
to processing. In addition, there is a 15-lane, 76,000 bpd capacity truck loading rack located adjacent to the refinery 
and a 23-mile interstate pipeline that are used to distribute clean products, which were sold to PBFX in conjunction 
with its acquisition of the DCR Products Pipeline and Truck Rack (as defined in “Note 3 - PBF Logistics LP” of 
our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) in May 2015.

As a result of its configuration and process units, Delaware City has the capability of processing a slate of 
heavy crudes with a high concentration of high sulfur crudes and is one of the largest and most complex refineries 
on the East Coast. The Delaware City refinery is one of two heavy crude coking refineries, the other being our 
Paulsboro refinery, on the East Coast of the United States with coking capacity equal to approximately 25% of 
crude capacity.

The Delaware City refinery primarily processes a variety of medium to heavy, sour crude oils, but can run 
light, sweet crude oils as well. The refinery has large conversion capacity with its 82,000 bpd fluid catalytic cracking 
unit (“FCC unit”), 47,000 bpd fluid coking unit and 18,000 bpd hydrocracking unit with vacuum distillation. 

The following table approximates the Delaware City refinery’s major process unit capacities. Unit capacities 

are shown in barrels per stream day.

10

Refinery Units
Crude Distillation Unit
Vacuum Distillation Unit
Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit
Hydrotreating Units
Hydrocracking Unit
Catalytic Reforming Unit
Benzene / Toluene Extraction Unit
Butane Isomerization Unit
Alkylation Unit
Polymerization Unit
Fluid Coking Unit

Nameplate
Capacity

190,000
102,000
82,000
160,000
18,000
43,000
15,000
6,000
11,000
16,000
47,000

Feedstocks and Supply Arrangements. We currently fully source our own crude oil needs for Delaware City 

primarily through short-term and spot market agreements.

Refined Product Yield and Distribution. The Delaware City refinery predominantly produces gasoline, jet 
fuel, ULSD and ultra-low sulfur heating oil as well as certain other products. We market and sell all of our refined 
products independently to a variety of customers on the spot market or through term agreements. 

Inventory  Intermediation  Agreement.  On  June  26,  2013,  we  entered  into  an  Inventory  Intermediation 
Agreement (the “Inventory Intermediation Agreement”) with J. Aron & Company, a subsidiary of The Goldman 
Sachs Group, Inc. (“J. Aron”) to support the operations of the Delaware City refinery, which commenced upon the 
termination of the previous product offtake agreement. Pursuant to such Inventory Intermediation Agreement, J. 
Aron purchases the Products produced and delivered into the refinery’s storage tanks on a daily basis. J. Aron 
further agrees to sell to us on a daily basis the Products delivered out of the refinery’s storage tanks. On certain 
dates subsequent to the inception of the Inventory Intermediation Agreements, we and our subsidiary, DCR, entered 
into amendments to the amended and restated inventory intermediation agreement (as amended, the “Amended 
Delaware Intermediation Agreement”) with J. Aron pursuant to which certain terms of the Inventory Intermediation 
Agreements were amended, including, among other things, pricing and an extension of the term. The most recent 
of these amendments was executed on September 8, 2017 which extended the term to July 1, 2019, which term 
may be further extended by mutual consent of the parties to July 1, 2020. At expiration, we will have to repurchase 
the inventories outstanding under the Amended Delaware Intermediation Agreement at that time.

Tankage Capacity. The Delaware City refinery has total storage capacity of approximately 10.0 million 
barrels. Of the total, approximately 3.6 million barrels of storage capacity are dedicated to crude oil and other 
feedstock storage with the remaining approximately 6.4 million barrels allocated to finished products, intermediates 
and other products. 

Energy  and  Other  Utilities.  Under  normal  operating  conditions,  the  Delaware  City  refinery  consumes 
approximately 65,000 MMBTU per day of natural gas supplied via pipeline from third parties. The Delaware City 
refinery has a 280 MW power plant located on-site that consists of two natural gas-fueled turbines with combined 
capacity of approximately 140 MW and four turbo-generators with combined nameplate capacity of approximately 
140  MW.  Collectively,  this  power  plant  produces  electricity  in  excess  of  Delaware  City’s  refinery  load  of 
approximately 90 MW. Excess electricity is sold into the Pennsylvania-New Jersey-Maryland, or PJM, grid. Steam 
is primarily produced by a combination of three dedicated boilers, two heat recovery steam generators on the gas 
turbines, and is supplemented by secondary boilers at the FCC and Coker. Hydrogen is provided via the refinery’s 
steam methane reformer and continuous catalytic reformer. 

11

Paulsboro Refinery

Overview. The Paulsboro refinery is located on approximately 950 acres on the Delaware River in Paulsboro, 
New Jersey, just south of Philadelphia and approximately 30 miles away from Delaware City. Paulsboro receives 
crude and feedstocks via its marine terminal on the Delaware River. Paulsboro is one of two operating refineries 
on the East Coast with coking capacity, the other being our Delaware City refinery. The Paulsboro refinery primarily 
processes a variety of medium and heavy, sour crude oils but can run light, sweet crude oils as well. 

The following table approximates the Paulsboro refinery’s major process unit capacities. Unit capacities 

are shown in barrels per stream day. 

Refinery Units
Crude Distillation Units
Vacuum Distillation Units
Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit
Hydrotreating Units
Catalytic Reforming Unit
Alkylation Unit
Lube Oil Processing Unit
Delayed Coking Unit
Propane Deasphalting Unit

Nameplate
Capacity

168,000
83,000
55,000
141,000
32,000
11,000
12,000
27,000
11,000

Feedstocks and Supply Arrangements. We have a contract with Saudi Aramco pursuant to which we have 
been purchasing up to approximately 100,000 bpd of crude oil from Saudi Aramco that is processed at Paulsboro. 
The crude purchased under this contract is priced off ASCI. 

Refined Product Yield and Distribution. The Paulsboro refinery predominantly produces gasoline, diesel 
fuels and jet fuel and also manufactures Group I base oils or lubricants and asphalt. We market and sell all of our 
refined products independently to a variety of customers on the spot market or through term agreements under 
which we sell approximately 35% of our Paulsboro refinery’s gasoline production. 

Inventory  Intermediation  Agreement.  On  June  26,  2013,  we  entered  into  an  Inventory  Intermediation 
Agreement with J. Aron to support the operations of the Paulsboro refinery, which commenced upon the termination 
of the previous product offtake agreement. Pursuant to such Inventory Intermediation Agreement, J. Aron purchases 
the Products produced and delivered into the refinery’s storage tanks on a daily basis. J. Aron further agrees to sell 
to us on a daily basis the Products delivered out of the refinery’s storage tanks. On certain dates subsequent to the 
inception of the Inventory Intermediation Agreements, we and our subsidiary, PRC, entered into amendments to 
the  amended  and  restated  inventory  intermediation  agreement  (as  amended,  the  “Amended  Paulsboro 
Intermediation Agreement”)  with  J. Aron  pursuant  to  which  certain  terms  of  the  Inventory  Intermediation 
Agreements were amended, including, among other things, pricing and an extension of the term. The most recent 
of these amendments was executed on September 8, 2017 which extended the term to December 31, 2019, which 
term may be further extended by mutual consent of the parties to December 31, 2020. At expiration, we will have 
to repurchase the inventories outstanding under the Amended Paulsboro Intermediation Agreement at that time.

Tankage Capacity. The Paulsboro refinery has total storage capacity of approximately 7.5 million barrels. 
Of the total, approximately 2.1 million barrels are dedicated to crude oil storage with the remaining 5.4 million 
barrels allocated to finished products, intermediates and other products.

Energy  and  Other  Utilities.  Under  normal  operating  conditions,  the  Paulsboro  refinery  consumes 
approximately 30,000 MMBTU per day of natural gas supplied via pipeline from third parties. The Paulsboro 
refinery is virtually self-sufficient for its electrical power requirements. The refinery supplies approximately 90% 
of its 63 MW load through a combination of four generators with a nameplate capacity of 78 MW, in addition to 

12

a 30 MW gas turbine generator and two 15 MW steam turbine generators located at the Paulsboro utility plant. In 
the event that Paulsboro requires additional electricity to operate the refinery, supplemental power is available 
through a local utility. Paulsboro is connected to the grid via three separate 69 KV aerial feeders and has the ability 
to run entirely on imported power. Steam is primarily produced by three boilers, each with continuous rated capacity 
of 300,000-lb/hr at 900-psi. In addition, Paulsboro has a heat recovery steam generator and a number of waste heat 
boilers throughout the refinery that supplement the steam generation capacity. Paulsboro’s current hydrogen needs 
are met by the hydrogen supply from the reformer. In addition, the refinery employs a standalone steam methane 
reformer that is capable of producing 10 MMSCFD of 99% pure hydrogen. This ancillary hydrogen plant is utilized 
as a back-up source of hydrogen for the refinery’s process units.

Toledo Refinery 

Overview. The Toledo refinery primarily processes a slate of light, sweet crudes from Canada, the Mid-
Continent, the Bakken region and the U.S. Gulf Coast. The Toledo refinery is located on a 282-acre site near Toledo, 
Ohio,  approximately  60  miles  from  Detroit.  Crude  is  delivered  to  the Toledo  refinery  through  three  primary 
pipelines: (1) Enbridge from the north, (2) Capline from the south and (3) Mid-Valley from the south. Crude is 
also delivered to a nearby terminal by rail and from local sources by truck to a truck unloading facility within the 
refinery.

The following table approximates the Toledo refinery’s major process unit capacities. Unit capacities are 

shown in barrels per stream day.

Refinery Units
Crude Distillation Unit
Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit
Hydrotreating Units
Hydrocracking Unit
Catalytic Reforming Units
Alkylation Unit
Polymerization Unit
UDEX Unit

Nameplate
Capacity

170,000
79,000
95,000
45,000
45,000
10,000
7,000
16,300

Feedstocks and Supply Arrangements. We currently fully source our own crude oil needs for Toledo primarily 

through short-term and spot market agreements.

Refined Product Yield and Distribution. Toledo produces finished products including gasoline and ULSD, 
in addition to a variety of high-value petrochemicals including benzene, toluene, xylene, nonene and tetramer. 
Toledo is connected, via pipelines, to an extensive distribution network throughout Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, 
Michigan, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. The finished products are transported on pipelines owned by Sunoco 
Logistics Partners L.P. and Buckeye Partners. In addition, we have proprietary connections to a variety of smaller 
pipelines and spurs that help us optimize our clean products distribution. A significant portion of Toledo’s gasoline 
and ULSD are distributed through the approximately 36 terminals in this network.

We have an agreement with Sunoco whereby Sunoco purchases gasoline and distillate products representing 
approximately one-third of the Toledo refinery’s gasoline and distillates production. The agreement had an initial 
three year term, subject to certain early termination rights. In March 2017, the agreement was renewed and extended 
for a two year term. We sell the bulk of the petrochemicals produced at the Toledo refinery through short-term 
contracts or on the spot market and the majority of the petrochemical distribution is done via rail.

Tankage Capacity. The Toledo refinery has total storage capacity of approximately 4.5 million barrels. The 
Toledo refinery receives its crude through pipeline connections and a truck rack. Of the total, approximately 
1.3 million barrels are dedicated to crude oil storage with the remaining 3.2 million barrels allocated to intermediates 

13

and products. A portion of storage capacity dedicated to crude oil and finished products was sold to PBFX in 
conjunction with its acquisition of the Toledo Storage Facility (as defined in “Note 3 - PBF Logistics LP” of our 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) in December 2014.

Energy and Other Utilities. Under normal operating conditions, the Toledo refinery consumes approximately 
20,000 MMBTU per day of natural gas supplied via pipeline from third parties. The Toledo refinery purchases its 
electricity from the PJM grid and has a long-term contract to purchase hydrogen and steam from a local third party 
supplier. In addition to the third party steam supplier, Toledo consumes a portion of the steam that is generated by 
its various process units.

Chalmette Refinery 
Acquisition. On November 1, 2015, we acquired the ownership interests of Chalmette Refining, L.L.C. 
(“Chalmette Refining”), which owns the Chalmette refinery and related logistics assets (collectively, the “Chalmette 
Acquisition”).

Overview. The Chalmette refinery is located on a 400-acre site near New Orleans, Louisiana. It is a dual-
train coking refinery and is capable of processing both light and heavy crude oil though its 189,000 bpd crude units 
and downstream units. Chalmette Refining owns 100% of the MOEM Pipeline, providing access to the Empire 
Terminal, as well as the CAM Connection Pipeline, providing access to the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port facility 
through a third party pipeline. Chalmette Refining also owns 80% of each of the Collins Pipeline Company and 
T&M Terminal Company, both located in Collins, Mississippi, which provide a clean products outlet for the refinery 
to  the  Plantation  and  Colonial  Pipelines. Also  included  in  the  acquisition  were  a  marine  terminal  capable  of 
importing waterborne feedstocks and loading or unloading finished products; a clean products truck rack which 
provides access to local markets; and a crude and product storage facility.

The following table approximates the Chalmette refinery’s major process unit capacities. Unit capacities 

are shown in barrels per stream day.

Refinery Units
Crude Distillation Units
Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit
Hydrotreating Units
Delayed Coker
Catalytic Reforming Unit
Alkylation Unit

Nameplate
Capacity

189,000
72,000
186,000
29,000
40,000
15,000

Feedstocks and Supply Arrangements. In connection with the Chalmette Acquisition on November 1, 2015, 
we entered into a market-based crude supply agreement with Petróleos de Venezuela S.A. (“PDVSA”) that has a 
ten year term with a renewal option for an additional five years, subject to certain early termination rights.  The 
pricing for the crude supply is market based and is agreed upon on a quarterly basis by both parties. We have not 
sourced crude oil under this agreement since the third quarter of 2017 as PDVSA has suspended deliveries due to 
the parties’ inability to agree to mutually acceptable payment terms. Since the suspension, we have obtained crude 
and feedstocks from other sources through connections to the CAM and MOEM pipelines as well as our marine 
terminal. 

Refined Product Yield and Distribution. The Chalmette refinery predominantly produces gasoline, diesel 
fuels  and  jet  fuel  and  also  manufactures  high-value  petrochemicals  including  benzene  and  xylene.  Products 
produced at the Chalmette refinery are transferred to customers through pipelines, the marine terminal and truck 
rack. The majority of our clean products are delivered to customers via pipelines. Our ownership of the Collins 
Pipeline and T&M Terminal provides Chalmette with strategic access to Southeast and East Coast markets through 
third party logistics. We had an offtake agreement with ExxonMobil pursuant to which ExxonMobil purchased 
approximately 50% of the 14,000 barrel per day truck rack capacity, which expired as of December 31, 2017.

14

Tankage Capacity. Chalmette has a total tankage capacity of approximately 8.1 million barrels. Of this total, 
approximately 2.6 million barrels are allocated to crude oil storage with the remaining 5.5 million barrels allocated 
to intermediates and products. 

Energy  and  Other  Utilities.  Under  normal  operating  conditions,  the  Chalmette  refinery  consumes 
approximately 30,000 MMBTU per day of natural gas supplied via pipeline from third parties. The Chalmette 
refinery purchases its electricity from a local utility and has a long-term contract to purchase hydrogen and steam 
from third party suppliers. 

Torrance Refinery 

Acquisition. On July 1, 2016, we acquired from ExxonMobil, Mobil Pacific Pipe Line Company, the Torrance 
refinery and related logistics assets (collectively, the “Torrance Acquisition”). Subsequent to the closing of the 
Torrance Acquisition, Torrance Refining and Torrance Logistics are indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of PBF 
Holding. The aggregate purchase price for the Torrance Acquisition was approximately $521.4 million in cash 
after post-closing purchase price adjustments, plus final working capital of $450.6 million.

Overview. The Torrance refinery is located on 750 acres in Torrance, California. It is a high-conversion 
crude, delayed-coking refinery. It is capable of processing both heavy and medium crude oil though its crude unit 
and downstream units. In addition to refining assets, the Torrance Acquisition included a number of high-quality 
logistics assets including a sophisticated network of crude and products pipelines, product distribution terminals 
and refinery crude and product storage facilities. The most significant of the logistics assets is a crude gathering 
and transportation system which delivers San Joaquin Valley crude oil directly from the field to the refinery. 
Additionally, included in the transaction are several pipelines which provide access to sources of crude oil including 
the Ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles, as well as clean product outlets with a direct pipeline supplying jet fuel 
to the Los Angeles airport. 

The following table approximates the Torrance refinery’s major process unit capacities. Unit capacities are 

shown in barrels per stream day.

Refinery Units
Crude Distillation Unit
Vacuum Distillation Unit
Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit
Hydrotreating Units
Hydrocracking Unit
Alkylation Unit
Delayed Coker

Nameplate
Capacity

155,000
102,000
88,000
151,000
23,000
27,000
53,000

Feedstocks and Supply Arrangements. The Torrance refinery primarily processes a variety of medium and 
heavy crude oils. In connection with the closing of the Torrance Acquisition, we entered into a crude supply 
agreement with ExxonMobil for approximately 60,000 bpd of crude oil that can be processed at our Torrance 
refinery. This crude supply agreement has a five year term with an automatic renewal feature unless either party 
gives thirty-six months prior written notice. Additionally, we obtain crude and feedstocks from other sources 
through connections to third party pipelines as well as ship docks and truck racks. 

Refined Product Yield and Distribution. The Torrance refinery predominantly produces gasoline, jet fuel 
and diesel fuels. Products produced at the Torrance refinery are transferred to customers through pipelines, the 
marine terminal and truck rack. The majority of clean products are delivered to customers via pipelines. We have 
an offtake agreement with ExxonMobil pursuant to which ExxonMobil purchases approximately 50% of our 
gasoline  production. This  offtake  agreement  has  an  initial  term  of  three  years  from  the  date  of  the Torrance 

15

Acquisition at which time it will automatically renew for another three year term unless either party gives six 
months’ written notice of its intent to terminate the agreement.

Tankage Capacity. Torrance has a total tankage capacity of approximately 8.6 million barrels. Of this total, 
approximately 2.1 million barrels are allocated to crude oil storage with the remaining 6.5 million barrels allocated 
to intermediates and products. 

Energy  and  Other  Utilities.  Under  normal  operating  conditions,  the  Torrance  refinery  consumes 
approximately 42,000 MMBTU per day of natural gas supplied via pipeline from third parties. The Torrance 
refinery generates some power internally using a combination of steam and gas turbines and purchases any additional 
needed power from the local utility. The Torrance refinery has a long-term contract to purchase hydrogen and steam 
from a third party supplier. 

Logistics Segment

We formed PBFX, a publicly traded master limited partnership, to own or lease, operate, develop and acquire 
crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, storage facilities and similar logistics assets. PBFX’s 
operations  are  aggregated  into  the  Logistics  segment.  PBFX  engages  in  the  receiving,  handling,  storage  and 
transferring of crude oil, refined products, natural gas and intermediates from sources located throughout the United 
States and Canada for PBF Energy in support of its refineries, as well as for third party customers. A substantial 
majority of PBFX’s revenues is derived from long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with PBF Holding, 
which include minimum volume commitments, for receiving, handling, storing and transferring crude oil, refined 
products and natural gas. PBFX’s third party revenue is primarily derived from its East Coast Terminals (as defined 
below). PBF Energy also has agreements with PBFX that establish fees for certain general and administrative 
services and operational and maintenance services provided by PBF Holding to PBFX. These transactions, other 
than those with third parties, are eliminated by PBF Energy in consolidation.

As of December 31, 2017, PBFX’s assets consist of the following:

•  The DCR Rail Terminal - A 130,000 bpd light crude oil rail unloading terminal which commenced 

operations in February 2013 and serves PBF Holding’s Delaware City and Paulsboro refineries.

•  The DCR West Rack - A 40,000 bpd heavy crude oil unloading rack which commenced operations in 

August 2014 and serves PBF Holding’s Delaware City refinery.

•  The  Toledo  Truck  Terminal  - A  truck  terminal  comprised  of  six  lease  automatic  custody  transfer 

(“LACT”) units, with crude unloading capacity of 22,500 bpd. 

•  The Toledo Storage Facility - A storage facility which services PBF Holding’s Toledo refinery and 
consists of 30 tanks for storing crude oil, refined products and intermediates with aggregate capacity of 
3.9 million barrels as well as a propane storage and unloading facility consisting of 27 propane storage 
bullets and a truck loading facility with a throughput capacity of 11,000 bpd.

•  DCR Products Pipeline and Truck Rack - The DCR Products Pipeline consists of a 23.4 mile, 16-inch 
interstate petroleum products pipeline with an excess of 125,000 bpd of capacity located at PBF Holding’s 
Delaware City refinery. The DCR Truck Rack consists of a 15-lane, 76,000 bpd capacity truck loading 
rack utilized to distribute gasoline and distillates.

•  East Coast Terminals - The East Coast Terminals include a total of 57 product tanks with a total shell 
capacity of approximately 4.2 million barrels, pipeline connections to the Colonial Pipeline Company, 
Buckeye Partners, Sunoco Logistics Partners and other proprietary pipeline systems, 26 truck loading 
lanes and marine facilities capable of handling barges and ships. 

•  Torrance Valley Pipeline - PBFX acquired from PBF LLC 50% of the issued and outstanding limited 
liability company interests of TVPC, whose assets consist of the 189-mile San Joaquin Valley Pipeline 

16

system, which consists of the M55, M1 and M70 pipeline systems with 110,000 bpd of capacity, including 
11 pipeline stations with storage capacity and truck unloading capability at two of the stations.

•  Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline - A 24” interstate natural gas pipeline with 60,000 dekatherms/day 
capacity that originates in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, at an interconnection with Texas Eastern 
pipeline that runs under the Delaware River and terminates at the delivery point to PBF Holding’s Paulsboro 
refinery.

•  Chalmette Storage Tank - A crude oil storage tank with a shell capacity of 625,000 barrels located at 

PBF Holding’s Chalmette refinery (the “Chalmette Storage Tank”).

•  Toledo Products Terminal - The Toledo Products Terminal is located adjacent to PBF Holding’s Toledo 
refinery and is comprised of a ten-bay truck rack and over 110,000 barrels of chemicals, clean product 
and additive storage capacity.

Transactions with PBFX

Since  the  inception  of  PBFX  in  2014,  PBF  LLC  and  PBFX  have  entered  into  a  series  of  drop-down 

transactions. Such transactions occurring in the three years ended December 31, 2017 are discussed below.

Effective May 14, 2015, PBF LLC contributed to PBFX all of the issued and outstanding limited liability 
company interests of Delaware Pipeline Company LLC and Delaware City Logistics Company LLC, whose assets 
consist of the DCR Products Pipeline and the DCR Truck Rack (collectively referred to as the “DCR Products 
Pipeline and Truck Rack”), for total consideration of $143.0 million, consisting of $112.5 million of cash and $30.5 
million of PBFX common units, or 1,288,420 common units. 

On August 31, 2016, PBFX entered into a contribution agreement (the “TVPC Contribution Agreement”) 
between PBFX and PBF LLC. Pursuant to the TVPC Contribution Agreement, PBFX acquired from PBF LLC 
50% of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests of TVPC, whose assets consist of the San 
Joaquin Valley Pipeline system (which was acquired as a part of the Torrance Acquisition). The total consideration 
paid to PBF LLC was $175.0 million, which was funded by PBFX with $20.0 million of cash on hand, $76.2 
million in proceeds from the sale of marketable securities, and $78.8 million in net proceeds from the PBFX equity 
offering in August 2016.

On February 15, 2017, PBFX entered into the PNGPC Contribution Agreement between PBFX and PBF 
LLC. Pursuant to the PNGPC Contribution Agreement, PBF LLC contributed to PBFX’s wholly owned subsidiary, 
PBFX Op Co, all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests of PNGPC. PNGPC owns and 
operates  an  existing  interstate  natural  gas  pipeline  that  originates  in  Delaware  County,  Pennsylvania,  at  an 
interconnection with Texas Eastern pipeline that runs under the Delaware River and terminates at the delivery point 
to PBF Holding’s Paulsboro refinery, and is subject to regulation by the FERC. In connection with the PNGPC 
Contribution Agreement, PBFX constructed a new 24” pipeline to replace the existing pipeline, which commenced 
services in August 2017. In consideration for the PNGPC limited liability company interests, PBFX delivered to 
PBF LLC (i) an $11.6 million intercompany promissory note in favor of Paulsboro Refining Company LLC, a 
wholly owned subsidiary of PBF Holding, (ii) an expansion rights and right of first refusal agreement in favor of 
PBF LLC with respect to the Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline and (iii) an assignment and assumption agreement 
with respect to certain outstanding litigation involving PNGPC and the existing pipeline.

Effective February 2017, PBF Holding and PBFX Op Co entered into a ten-year storage services agreement 
under which PBFX, through PBFX Op Co, began providing storage services to PBF Holding commencing on 
November 1, 2017 upon the completion of the construction of a new crude tank with a shell capacity of 625,000 
barrels at PBF Holding’s Chalmette Refinery. PBFX Op Co and Chalmette Refining have entered into a twenty-
year lease for the premises upon which the tank is located and a project management agreement pursuant to which 
Chalmette Refining managed the construction of the tank.

17

In connection with the foregoing transactions, PBF Holding entered into commercial agreements with PBFX 
entities for the provision of services which require minimum monthly throughput volumes. Subsequent to the 
transactions described above, as of December 31, 2017, PBF LLC holds a 44.1% limited partner interest in PBFX 
consisting of 18,459,497common units. PBF LLC also owns all of the IDRs and indirectly owns a non-economic 
general partner interest in PBFX. The IDRs entitle PBF LLC to receive increasing percentages, up to a maximum 
of 50.0%, of the cash PBFX distributes from operating surplus in excess of $0.345 per unit per quarter. 

Principal Products

Our refineries make various grades of gasoline, distillates (including diesel fuel, jet fuel and ULSD) and 
other products from crude oil, other feedstocks, and blending components. We sell these products through our 
commercial accounts, and sales with major oil companies. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
gasoline and distillates accounted for 84.1%, 88.0% and 88.0% of our revenues, respectively. 

Customers

We sell a variety of refined products to a diverse customer base. The majority of our refined products are 
primarily  sold  through  short-term  contracts  or  on  the  spot  market.  However,  we  do  have  product  offtake 
arrangements for a portion of our clean products. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, no
single  customer  accounted  for  10%  or  more  of  our  revenues,  respectively. As  of  December 31,  2017  and 
December 31, 2016, no single customer accounted for 10% or more of our total trade accounts receivable.

Seasonality

Demand for gasoline and diesel is generally higher during the summer months than during the winter months 
due to seasonal increases in highway traffic and construction work. Decreased demand during the winter months 
can lower gasoline and diesel prices. As a result, our operating results for the first and fourth calendar quarters 
may be lower than those for the second and third calendar quarters of each year. Refining margins remain volatile 
and our results of operations may not reflect these historical seasonal trends. Additionally, the degree of seasonality 
may differ by the geographic areas in which we operate. Most of the effects of seasonality on PBFX’s operating 
results  are  mitigated  through  fee-based  commercial  agreements  with  us  that  include  minimum  volume 
commitments. 

Competition

The refining business is very competitive. We compete directly with various other refining companies on 
the East, Gulf and West Coasts and in the Mid-Continent, with integrated oil companies, with foreign refiners that 
import products into the United States and with producers and marketers in other industries supplying alternative 
forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the requirements of industrial, commercial and individual consumers. Some 
of our competitors have expanded the capacity of their refineries and internationally new refineries are coming on 
line which could also affect our competitive position.

Profitability  in  the  refining  industry  depends  largely  on  refined  product  margins,  which  can  fluctuate 
significantly, as well as crude oil prices and differentials between the prices of different grades of crude oil, operating 
efficiency  and  reliability,  product  mix  and  costs  of  product  distribution  and  transportation.  Certain  of  our 
competitors that have larger and more complex refineries may be able to realize lower per-barrel costs or higher 
margins per barrel of throughput. Several of our principal competitors are integrated national or international oil 
companies that are larger and have substantially greater resources. Because of their integrated operations and larger 
capitalization, these companies may be more flexible in responding to volatile industry or market conditions, such 
as shortages of feedstocks or intense price fluctuations. Refining margins are frequently impacted by sharp changes 
in crude oil costs, which may not be immediately reflected in product prices.

The refining industry is highly competitive with respect to feedstock supply. Unlike certain of our competitors 
that have access to proprietary controlled sources of crude oil production available for use at their own refineries, 
we obtain all of our crude oil and substantially all other feedstocks from unaffiliated sources. The availability and 

18

cost of crude oil and feedstock are affected by global supply and demand. We have no crude oil reserves and are 
not engaged in the exploration or production of crude oil. We believe, however, that we will be able to obtain 
adequate crude oil and other feedstocks at generally competitive prices for the foreseeable future.

Corporate Offices

We currently lease approximately 58,000 square feet for our principal corporate offices in Parsippany, New 
Jersey. The lease for our principal corporate offices expires in 2019. Functions performed in the Parsippany office 
include overall corporate management, refinery and HSE management, planning and strategy, corporate finance, 
commercial  operations,  logistics,  contract  administration,  marketing,  investor  relations,  governmental  affairs, 
accounting, tax, treasury, information technology, legal and human resources support functions.

We lease approximately 4,000 square feet for our regional corporate office in Long Beach, California. The 
lease for our Long Beach office expires in 2021. Functions performed in the Long Beach office include overall 
regional corporate management, planning and strategy, commercial operations, logistics, contract administration, 
marketing and governmental affairs functions.

We lease approximately 5,000 square feet for our regional corporate office in The Woodlands, Texas. The 
lease for The Woodlands office expires in 2022. Functions performed in The Woodlands include pipeline control 
center operations and logistics operations, engineering and regulatory support functions.

Employees

As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately 3,165 employees. At our Paulsboro refinery, 286 of our 
461 employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. In addition, 1,331 of our 2,316 employees at our 
Delaware City, Toledo, Chalmette and Torrance refineries and our related logistics assets are covered by a collective 
bargaining agreement. None of our corporate employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We 
consider our relations with the represented employees to be satisfactory. At Delaware City, Toledo, Chalmette and 
Torrance, most hourly employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement through the United Steel 
Workers (“USW”). The agreements with the USW covering Delaware City, Torrance and Chalmette are scheduled 
to expire in January 2019, while the agreement with the USW covering Toledo is scheduled to expire in February 
2019. Similarly, at Paulsboro hourly employees are represented by the Independent Oil Workers ("IOW") under a 
contract scheduled to expire in March 2019.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following is a list of our executive officers as of February 22, 2018:

Name
Thomas J. Nimbley
Matthew C. Lucey
Erik Young
Paul Davis
Thomas L. O’Connor
Herman Seedorf
Trecia Canty

Age (as of

December 31,

2017)

Position

66 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
44 President
40 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
55 President, Western Region
45 Senior Vice President, Commercial
66 Senior Vice President of Refining
48 Senior Vice President, General Counsel

Thomas J. Nimbley has served as our Chief Executive Officer since June 2010 and on our Board of Directors 
since October 2014. He has served as the Chairman of our Board since July 2016. He was our Executive Vice 
President, Chief Operating Officer from March 2010 through June 2010. In his capacity as our Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Nimbley also serves as a director and the Chief Executive Officer of certain of our subsidiaries and 
our affiliates, including Chairman of the Board of PBF GP. Prior to joining us, Mr. Nimbley served as a Principal 

19

for Nimbley Consultants LLC from June 2005 to March 2010, where he provided consulting services and assisted 
on the acquisition of two refineries. He previously served as Senior Vice President and head of Refining for Phillips 
Petroleum Company (“Phillips”) and subsequently Senior Vice President and head of Refining for ConocoPhillips 
(“ConocoPhillips”) domestic refining system (13 locations) following the merger of Phillips and Conoco Inc. 
Before joining Phillips at the time of its acquisition of Tosco Corporation (“Tosco”) in September 2001, Mr. Nimbley 
served in various positions with Tosco and its subsidiaries starting in April 1993. 

Matthew C. Lucey has served as our President since January 2015 and was our Executive Vice President 
from April 2014 to December 2014. Mr. Lucey served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 
April 2010 to March 2014. Mr. Lucey joined us as our Vice President, Finance in April 2008. Mr. Lucey is also a 
director of certain of our subsidiaries, including PBF GP. Prior thereto, Mr. Lucey served as a Managing Director 
of M.E. Zukerman & Co., a New York-based private equity firm specializing in several sectors of the broader 
energy industry, from 2001 to 2008. Before joining M.E. Zukerman & Co., Mr. Lucey spent six years in the banking 
industry.

Erik Young has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2014 after joining 
us in December 2010 as Director, Strategic Planning where he was responsible for both corporate development 
and capital markets initiatives. Mr. Young is also a director of certain of our subsidiaries, including PBF GP. Prior 
to joining the Company, Mr. Young spent eleven years in corporate finance, strategic planning and mergers and 
acquisitions roles across a variety of industries. He began his career in investment banking before joining J.F. 
Lehman & Company, a private equity investment firm, in 2001.

Paul Davis has served as our President, PBF Energy Western Region LLC since September 2017. Mr. Davis 
joined us in April of 2012 and served as head of our commercial operations related to crude oil and refinery 
feedstock sourcing from May of 2013 to January 2015 and, from January 2015 to September 2015, served as our 
Co-Head of Commercial and served as Senior Vice President, Western Region Commercial Operations from 
September 2015 to September 2017. Previously, Mr. Davis was responsible for managing the U.S. clean products 
commercial operations for Hess Energy Trading Company (“HETCO”) from 2006 to 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Davis 
was responsible for Premcor’s U.S. Midwest clean products disposition group. Mr. Davis has over 29 years of 
experience in commercial operations in crude oil and refined products, including 16 years with the ExxonMobil 
Corporation in various operational and commercial positions, including sourcing refinery feedstocks and crude oil 
and the disposition of refined petroleum products, as well as optimization roles within refineries.

Thomas L. O’Connor has served as our Senior Vice President, Commercial since September 2015. Mr. 
O’Connor joined us as Senior Vice President in September 2014 with responsibility for business development and 
growing the business of PBFX, and from January to September 2015, served as our Co-Head of commercial 
activities. Prior to joining us, Mr. O’Connor worked at Morgan Stanley since 2000 in various positions, most 
recently as a Managing Director and Global Head of Crude Oil Trading and Global Co-Head of Oil Flow Trading. 
Prior to joining Morgan Stanley, Mr. O’Connor worked for Tosco from 1995 to 2000 in the Atlantic Basin Fuel 
Oil and Feedstocks group.

Herman Seedorf serves as our Senior Vice President of Refining. Mr. Seedorf originally joined us in February 
of 2011 as the Delaware City Refinery Plant Manager and became Senior Vice President, Eastern Region Refining, 
in September of 2013. Prior to 2011, Mr. Seedorf served as the refinery manager of the Wood River Refinery in 
Roxana, Illinois, and also as an officer of the joint venture between ConocoPhillips and Cenovus Energy Inc. Mr. 
Seedorf’s oversight responsibilities included the development and execution of the multi-billion dollar upgrade 
project which enabled the expanded processing of Canadian crude oils. He also served as the refinery manager of 
the Bayway Refinery in Linden, New Jersey for four years during the time period that it was an asset of Tosco. 
Mr. Seedorf began his career in the petroleum industry with Exxon Corporation (“Exxon”) in 1980. 

Trecia Canty has served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since September 2015. 
In her role, Ms. Canty is responsible for the Legal Department and Contracts Administration. Previously, Ms. Canty 
was named Vice President, Senior Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary in October 2014 and led our 
commercial and finance legal operations since joining us in November 2012. Ms. Canty is also a director of certain 

20

of our subsidiaries. Prior to joining us, Ms. Canty served as Associate General Counsel, Corporate and Assistant 
Secretary  of  Southwestern  Energy  Company,  where  her  responsibilities  included  finance  and  mergers  and 
acquisitions, securities and corporate compliance and corporate governance. She also provided legal support to 
the midstream marketing and logistics businesses. Prior to joining Southwestern Energy Company in 2004, she 
was an associate with Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton.

Environmental, Health and Safety Matters

Our refineries, pipelines and related operations are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, 
state and local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those relating to the discharge of materials into 
the  environment  or  that  otherwise  relate  to  the  protection  of  the  environment,  waste  management  and  the 
characteristics and the compositions of fuels. Compliance with existing and anticipated laws and regulations can 
increase the overall cost of operating the refineries, including remediation, operating costs and capital costs to 
construct, maintain and upgrade equipment and facilities. Permits are also required under these laws for the operation 
of our refineries, pipelines and related operations and these permits are subject to revocation, modification and 
renewal. Compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits will continue to have an impact 
on our operations, results of operations and capital requirements. We believe that our current operations are in 
substantial compliance with existing environmental laws, regulations and permits.

In  connection  with  the  Paulsboro  refinery  acquisition,  we  assumed  certain  environmental  remediation 
obligations. The environmental liability of $10.3 million recorded as of December 31, 2017 ($10.8 million as of 
December 31, 2016) represents the present value of expected future costs discounted at a rate of 8.0%. The current 
portion of the environmental liability is recorded in Accrued expenses and the non-current portion is recorded in 
Other long-term liabilities. As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, this liability is self-guaranteed by 
us.

In connection with the acquisition of the Delaware City assets, Valero Energy Corporation (“Valero”) remains 
responsible for certain pre-acquisition environmental obligations up to $20.0 million and the predecessor to Valero 
in ownership of the refinery retains other historical obligations.

In connection with the acquisition of the Delaware City assets and the Paulsboro refinery, the Company and 
Valero purchased ten year, $75.0 million environmental insurance policies to insure against unknown environmental 
liabilities at each site. In connection with the Toledo refinery acquisition, Sunoco, Inc. (R&M) (“Sunoco”) remains 
responsible for environmental remediation for conditions that existed on the closing date for twenty years from 
March 1, 2011, subject to certain limitations.

In connection with the acquisition of the Chalmette refinery, we obtained $3.9 million in financial assurance 
(in the form of a surety bond) to cover estimated potential site remediation costs associated with an agreed to 
Administrative Order of Consent with the United States Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”). The estimated 
cost assumes remedial activities will continue for a minimum of 30 years. Further, in connection with the acquisition 
of the Chalmette refinery, we purchased a ten year, $100.0 million environmental insurance policy to insure against 
unknown environmental liabilities at the refinery. At the time we acquired the Chalmette refinery it was subject 
to  a  Consolidated  Compliance  Order  and  Notice  of  Potential  Penalty  (the  “Order”)  issued  by  the  Louisiana 
Department of Environmental Quality (“LDEQ”) covering deviations from 2009 and 2010. Chalmette Refining 
and LDEQ subsequently entered into a dispute resolution agreement to negotiate the resolution of deviations inside 
and  outside  the  periods  covered  by  the  Order. Although  a  settlement  agreement  has  not  been  finalized,  the 
administrative penalty is anticipated to be approximately $41,000, including beneficial environmental projects. To 
the extent the administrative penalty exceeds such amount, it is not expected to be material to us.

The Delaware City refinery is appealing a Notice of Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order issued in 
March 2017, including a $150,000 fine, alleging violations of a 2013 Secretary’s Order authorizing crude oil 
shipment by barge. DNREC determined that the Delaware City refinery had violated the 2013 order by failing to 
make timely and full disclosure to DNREC about the nature and extent of those shipments and had misrepresented 
the number of shipments that went to other facilities. The Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order conclude that 

21

the 2013 Secretary’s Order was violated by the Delaware City refinery by shipping crude oil from the Delaware 
City terminal to three locations other than the Paulsboro refinery, on 15 days in 2014, making a total of 17 separate 
barge shipments containing approximately 35.7 million gallons of crude oil in total. On April 28, 2017, the Delaware 
City refinery appealed the Notice of Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order. The hearing of the appeal is 
scheduled for February 27, 2018. To the extent that the penalty and Secretary’s Order are upheld, there will not be 
a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

On December 28, 2016, DNREC issued a Coastal Zone Act permit (the “Ethanol Permit”) to DCR allowing 
the utilization of existing tanks and existing marine loading equipment at their existing facilities to enable denatured 
ethanol to be loaded from storage tanks to marine vessels and shipped to offsite facilities. On January 13, 2017, 
the issuance of the Ethanol Permit was appealed by two environmental groups. On February 27, 2017, the Coastal 
Zone Industrial Board (the “Coastal Zone Board”) held a public hearing and dismissed the appeal, determining 
that the appellants did not have standing. The appellants filed an appeal of the Coastal Zone Board’s decision with 
the Delaware Superior Court (the “Superior Court”) on March 30, 2017. On January 19, 2018, the Superior Court 
rendered an Opinion regarding the decision of the Coastal Zone Board to dismiss the appeal of the Ethanol Permit 
for the ethanol project. The judge determined that the record created by the Coastal Zone Board was insufficient 
for the Superior Court to make a decision, and therefore remanded the case back to the Coastal Zone Board to 
address the deficiency in the record. Specifically, the Superior Court directed the Coastal Zone Board to address 
any evidence concerning whether the appellants’ claimed injuries would be affected by the increased quantity of 
ethanol shipments. During the hearing before the Coastal Zone Board on standing, one of the appellants’ witnesses 
made  a  reference  to  the  flammability  of  ethanol,  without  any  indication  of  the  significance  of  flammability/
explosivity to specific concerns. Moreover, the appellants did not introduce at hearing any evidence of the relative 
flammability of ethanol as compared to other materials shipped to and from the refinery. However, the sole dissenting 
opinion from the Coastal Zone Board focused on the flammability/explosivity issue, alleging that the appellants’ 
testimony raised the issue as a distinct basis for potential harms. Once the Board responds to the remand, it will 
go back to the Superior Court to complete its analysis and issue a decision.

At the time we acquired the Toledo refinery, the EPA had initiated an investigation into the compliance of 
the refinery with EPA standards governing flaring pursuant to Section 114 of the Clean Air Act. On February 1, 
2013, the EPA issued an Amended Notice of Violation, and on September 20, 2013, the EPA issued a Notice of 
Violation and a Finding of Violation to Toledo Refining, alleging certain violations of the Clean Air Act at its Plant 
4 and Plant 9 flares since the acquisition of the refinery on March 1, 2011. Toledo Refining and EPA subsequently 
entered into tolling agreements pending settlement discussions. Although a resolution has not been finalized, the 
EPA has proposed that the Toledo refinery pay a civil administrative penalty of $741,000 including supplemental 
environmental projects. To the extent the administrative penalty exceeds such amount, it is not expected to be 
material to us.

In connection with the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets, we assumed certain 
pre-existing  environmental  liabilities  totaling  $136.5  million  as  of  December 31,  2017  ($142.5  million  as  of 
December 31,  2016),  related  to  certain  environmental  remediation  obligations  to  address  existing  soil  and 
groundwater contamination and monitoring and other clean-up activities, which reflects the current estimated cost 
of the remediation obligations. In addition, in connection with the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related 
logistics assets, we purchased a ten year, $100.0 million environmental insurance policy to insure against unknown 
environmental liabilities. Furthermore, in connection with the acquisition, we assumed responsibility for certain 
specified environmental matters that occurred prior to our ownership of the refinery and the logistic assets, including 
specified incidents and/or notices of violations (“NOVs”) issued by regulatory agencies in various years before 
our ownership, including the Southern California Air Quality Management District (“SCAQMD”) and the Division 
of Occupational Safety and Health of the State of California (“Cal/OSHA”).

Additionally, subsequent to the acquisition, further NOVs were issued by the SCAQMD, Cal/OSHA, the 
City of Torrance and the City of Torrance Fire Department related to alleged operational violations, emission 
discharges and/or flaring incidents at the refinery and the logistics assets both before and after our acquisition. In 
addition, subsequent to the acquisition, EPA and the California Department of Toxic Substance Control (“DTSC”) 

22

conducted inspections related to Torrance operations and issued preliminary findings related to potential operational 
violations. No settlement or penalty demands have been received to date with respect to any of the NOVs or 
preliminary findings that are in excess of $100,000. As the ultimate outcomes are uncertain, we cannot currently 
estimate the final amount or timing of their resolution. It is reasonably possible that SCAQMD, Cal/OSHA, the 
City of Torrance, EPA and/or DTSC will assess penalties in excess of $100,000, but any such amount is not expected 
to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, individually or in the 
aggregate.

In connection with the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase (as defined in “Note 4 - Acquisitions” of our Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements), PBFX is responsible for the environmental remediation costs for conditions 
that existed on the closing date up to a maximum of $250,000 per year for 10 years, with Plains All American 
Pipeline, L.P. remaining responsible for any and all additional costs above such amounts during such period. The 
recorded environmental liability associated with the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase as of December 31, 2017 and 
December 31, 2016 was $1.9 million and $2.2 million, respectively. 

Applicable Federal and State Regulatory Requirements 

Our operations and many of the products we manufacture are subject to certain specific requirements of the 
Clean Air Act (the “CAA”) and related state and local regulations. The CAA contains provisions that require capital 
expenditures for the installation of certain air pollution control devices at our refineries. Subsequent rule making 
authorized by the CAA or similar laws or new agency interpretations of existing rules, may necessitate additional 
expenditures in future years.

In 2010, New York State adopted a Low-Sulfur Heating Oil mandate that, beginning July 1, 2012, requires 
all heating oil sold in New York State to contain no more than 15 parts per million (“PPM”) sulfur. Since July 1, 
2012, other states in the Northeast market began requiring heating oil sold in their state to contain no more than 
15 PPM sulfur. Currently, all of the Northeastern states and Washington DC have adopted sulfur controls on heating 
oil. Most of the Northeastern states will now require heating oil with 15 PPM or less sulfur by July 1, 2018 (except 
for Pennsylvania and Maryland - where less than 500 PPM sulfur is required). All of the heating oil we currently 
produce meet these specifications. The mandate and other requirements do not currently have a material impact 
on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

The EPA issued the final Tier 3 Gasoline standards on March 3, 2014 under the CAA. This final rule 
establishes more stringent vehicle emission standards and further reduces the sulfur content of gasoline starting in 
January of 2017. The new standard is set at 10 PPM sulfur in gasoline on an annual average basis starting January 
1, 2017, with a credit trading program to provide compliance flexibility. The EPA responded to industry comments 
on the proposed rule and maintained the per gallon sulfur cap on gasoline at the existing 80 PPM cap. The refineries 
are complying with these new requirements as planned, either directly or using flexibility provided by sulfur credits 
generated or purchased in advance as an economic optimization. The standards set by the new rule are not expected 
to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In November 2017, the EPA issued final 2018 RFS standards that will slightly increase renewable volume 
standards from final 2017 levels. It is not clear that renewable fuel producers will be able to produce the volumes 
of these fuels required for blending in accordance with the 2018 standards. Despite decreasing 7% in comparison 
to 2017, the final 2018 cellulosic standard is still set at approximately 125% of the 2016 standard. It is likely that 
cellulosic RIN production will be lower than needed forcing obligated parties, such as us, to purchase cellulosic 
“waiver credits” to comply in 2018 (the waiver credit option by regulation is only available for the cellulosic 
standard). The advanced and total Renewable Identification Numbers (“RINs”) requirements were kept relatively 
flat in comparison to 2017, but remain 19% and 7% higher than final 2016 levels. Production of advanced RINs 
has been below what is needed for compliance in 2017 and obligated parties, such as us, will likely continue to 
rely on the nesting feature of the biodiesel RIN to comply with the advanced standard in 2018. Consistent with 
2017, compliance in 2018 will likely rely on obligated parties drawing down the supply of excess RINs collectively 
known as the “RIN bank” and could tighten the RIN market potentially raising RIN prices further. While a proposal 
to change the point of obligation under the RFS program to the “blender” of renewable fuels was denied by the 

23

EPA in November of 2017, the issue continues to receive attention from lawmakers, industry groups, and the current 
presidential administration, which may result in necessary changes to the RFS program in the future and provide 
relief to us and other downstream refiners that continue to feel the burden of increased costs to comply with RFS. 

In addition, on December 1, 2015 the EPA finalized revisions to an existing air regulation concerning 
Maximum  Achievable  Control  Technologies  (“MACT”)  for  Petroleum  Refineries.  The  regulation  requires 
additional continuous monitoring systems for eligible process safety valves relieving to atmosphere, minimum 
flare gas heat (Btu) content, and delayed coke drum vent controls to be installed by January 30, 2019. In addition, 
a program for ambient fence line monitoring for benzene was implemented prior to the deadline of January 30, 
2018. We are in the process of implementing the requirements of this regulation. The regulation is not expected 
to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

The EPA published a Final Rule to the Clean Water Act (“CWA”) Section 316(b) in August 2014 regarding 
cooling water intake structures, which includes requirements for petroleum refineries. The purpose of this rule is 
to prevent fish from being trapped against cooling water intake screens (impingement) and to prevent fish from 
being drawn through cooling water systems (entrainment). Facilities will be required to implement Best Technology 
Available (“BTA”) as soon as possible, but state agencies have the discretion to establish implementation time 
lines. We continue to evaluate the impact of this regulation, and at this time do not anticipate it having a material 
impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

As a result of the Torrance Acquisition, we are subject to greenhouse gas emission control regulations in 
the state of California pursuant to Assembly Bill 32 (“AB32”). AB32 imposes a statewide cap on greenhouse gas 
emissions, including emissions from transportation fuels, with the aim of returning the state to 1990 emission levels 
by 2020. AB32 is implemented through two market mechanisms including the Low Carbon Fuel Standard (“LCFS”) 
and Cap and Trade, which was extended for an additional 10 years to 2030 in July 2017. We are responsible for 
the AB32 obligations related to the Torrance refinery beginning on July 1, 2016 and must purchase emission credits 
to comply with these obligations. Additionally, in September 2016, the state of California enacted Senate Bill 32 
(“SB32”) which further reduces greenhouse gas emissions targets to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030. 

However, subsequent to the acquisition, we are recovering the majority of these costs from our customers, 
and as such do not expect this obligation to materially impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash 
flows. To the degree there are unfavorable changes to AB32 or SB32 regulations or we are unable to recover such 
compliance costs from customers, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, 
results of operations, and cash flows. 

We are subject to obligations to purchase RINs required to comply with the RFS. On February 15, 2017, 
we received another notification that EPA records indicated that PBF Holding used potentially invalid RINs that 
were in fact verified under the EPA’s RIN Quality Assurance Program (“QAP”) by an independent auditor as QAP 
A RINs. Under the regulations, use of potentially invalid QAP A RINs provided the user with an affirmative defense 
from civil penalties provided certain conditions are met. We have asserted the affirmative defense and if accepted 
by the EPA will not be required to replace these RINs and will not be subject to civil penalties under the program. 
It is reasonably possible that the EPA will not accept our defense and may assess penalties in these matters but any 
such amount is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

As of January 1, 2011, we are required to comply with the EPA’s Control of Hazardous Air Pollutants From 
Mobile Sources, or MSAT2, regulations on gasoline that impose reductions in the benzene content of our produced 
gasoline. We purchase benzene credits to meet these requirements. Our planned capital projects will reduce the 
amount of benzene credits that we need to purchase. In addition, the renewable fuel standards mandate the blending 
of prescribed percentages of renewable fuels (e.g., ethanol and biofuels) into our produced gasoline and diesel. 
These new requirements, other requirements of the CAA and other presently existing or future environmental 
regulations may cause us to make substantial capital expenditures as well as the purchase of credits at significant 
cost, to enable our refineries to produce products that meet applicable requirements.

24

The  federal  Comprehensive  Environmental  Response,  Compensation  and  Liability  Act  of  1980 
(“CERCLA”), also known as “Superfund,” imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original 
conduct, on certain classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of a “hazardous substance” 
into the environment. These persons include the current or former owner or operator of the disposal site or sites 
where the release occurred and companies that disposed of or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances. 
Under CERCLA, such persons may be subject to joint and several liability for investigation and the costs of cleaning 
up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and 
for the costs of certain health studies. As discussed more fully above, certain of our sites are subject to these laws 
and we may be held liable for investigation and remediation costs or claims for natural resource damages. It is not 
uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property 
damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other pollutants released into the environment. Analogous 
state laws impose similar responsibilities and liabilities on responsible parties. In our current normal operations, 
we have generated waste, some of which falls within the statutory definition of a “hazardous substance” and some 
of which may have been disposed of at sites that may require cleanup under Superfund.

As is the case with all companies engaged in industries similar to ours, we face potential exposure to future 
claims and lawsuits involving environmental matters. These matters include soil and water contamination, air 
pollution, personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by substances which we manufactured, handled, 
used, released or disposed of.

Current and future environmental regulations are expected to require additional expenditures, including 
expenditures for investigation and remediation, which may be significant, at our refineries and at our other facilities. 
To the extent that future expenditures for these purposes are material and can be reasonably determined, these costs 
are disclosed and accrued.

Our operations are also subject to various laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety. 
We maintain safety training and maintenance programs as part of our ongoing efforts to ensure compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. Compliance with applicable health and safety laws and regulations has required 
and continues to require substantial expenditures.

We cannot predict what additional health, safety and environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted 
or become effective in the future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted 
with respect to our operations. Compliance with more stringent laws or regulations or adverse changes in the 
interpretation of existing requirements or discovery of new information such as unknown contamination could 
have an adverse effect on the financial position and the results of our operations and could require substantial 
expenditures for the installation and operation of systems and equipment that we do not currently possess.

25

GLOSSARY OF SELECTED TERMS 

Unless otherwise noted or indicated by context, the following terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-

 
K have the following meanings:

“AB32” refers to the greenhouse gas emission control regulations in the state of California to comply with Assembly 
Bill 32.

“ASCI” refers to the Argus Sour Crude Index, a pricing index used to approximate market prices for sour, heavy 
crude oil.

“Bakken” refers to both a crude oil production region generally covering North Dakota, Montana and Western 
Canada, and the crude oil that is produced in that region.

“barrel” refers to a common unit of measure in the oil industry, which equates to 42 gallons.

“blendstocks” refers to various compounds that are combined with gasoline or diesel from the crude oil refining 
process to make finished gasoline and diesel; these may include natural gasoline, FCC unit gasoline, ethanol, 
reformate or butane, among others.

“bpd” refers to an abbreviation for barrels per day.

“CAA” refers to the Clean Air Act.

“CAM Pipeline” or “CAM Connection Pipeline” refers to the Clovelly-Alliance-Meraux pipeline in Louisiana.

“CARB” refers to the California Air Resources Board; gasoline and diesel fuel sold in the state of California are 
regulated by CARB and require stricter quality and emissions reduction performance than required by other states.

“catalyst” refers to a substance that alters, accelerates, or instigates chemical changes, but is not produced as a 
product of the refining process.

“coke” refers to a coal-like substance that is produced from heavier crude oil fractions during the refining process.

“complexity” refers to the number, type and capacity of processing units at a refinery, measured by the Nelson 
Complexity Index, which is often used as a measure of a refinery’s ability to process lower quality crude in an 
economic manner.

“crack spread” refers to a simplified calculation that measures the difference between the price for light products 
and crude oil. For example, we reference (a) the 2-1-1 crack spread, which is a general industry standard utilized 
by our Delaware City, Paulsboro and Chalmette refineries that approximates the per barrel refining margin resulting 
from processing two barrels of crude oil to produce one barrel of gasoline and one barrel of heating oil or ULSD 
and  (b) the  4-3-1  crack  spread,  which  is  a  benchmark  utilized  by  our  Toledo  and  Torrance  refineries  that 
approximates the per barrel refining margin resulting from processing four barrels of crude oil to produce three 
barrels of gasoline and one-half barrel of jet fuel and one-half barrel of ULSD. 

“Dated Brent” refers to Brent blend oil (a light, sweet North Sea crude oil, characterized by an API gravity of 
38° and a sulfur content of approximately 0.4 weight percent) that is used as a benchmark for other crude oils.

“distillates” refers primarily to diesel, heating oil, kerosene and jet fuel.

“DNREC” refers to the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control. 

“downstream” refers to the downstream sector of the energy industry generally describing oil refineries, marketing 
and distribution companies that refine crude oil and sell and distribute refined products. The opposite of the 
downstream sector is the upstream sector, which refers to exploration and production companies that search for 
and/or produce crude oil and natural gas underground or through drilling or exploratory wells.

26

“EPA” refers to the United States Environmental Protection Agency.

“Ethanol Permit” refers to a Coastal Zone Act permit for ethanol. 

“ethanol” refers to a clear, colorless, flammable oxygenated liquid. Ethanol is typically produced chemically from 
ethylene, or biologically from fermentation of various sugars from carbohydrates found in agricultural crops. It is 
used in the United States as a gasoline octane enhancer and oxygenate.

“feedstocks” refers to crude oil and partially refined petroleum products that are processed and blended into refined 
products.

“FASB” refers to the Financial Accounting Standards Board which develops U.S. generally accepted accounting 
principles.

“FCC” refers to fluid catalytic cracking.

“FCU” refers to fluid coking unit.

“FERC” refers to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

“GAAP” refers to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles developed by the Financial Accounting Standards 
Board for nongovernmental entities. 

“GHG” refers to the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide. 

“Group I base oils or lubricants” refers to conventionally refined products characterized by sulfur content less 
than 0.03% with a viscosity index between 80 and 120. Typically, these products are used in a variety of automotive 
and industrial applications.

“heavy crude oil” refers to a relatively inexpensive crude oil with a low API gravity characterized by high relative 
density and viscosity. Heavy crude oils require greater levels of processing to produce high value products such 
as gasoline and diesel.

“IDRs” refers to incentive distribution rights.

“IPO” refers to the initial public offering of PBF Energy’s Class A common stock which closed on December 18, 
2012.

“J. Aron” refers to J. Aron & Company, a subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.

“KV” refers to Kilovolts.

“LCM” refers to a GAAP requirement for inventory to be valued at the lower of cost or market. 

“light crude oil” refers to a relatively expensive crude oil with a high API gravity characterized by low relative 
density and viscosity. Light crude oils require lower levels of processing to produce high value products such as 
gasoline and diesel.

“light products” refers to the group of refined products with lower boiling temperatures, including gasoline and 
distillates.

“light-heavy differential” refers to the price difference between light crude oil and heavy crude oil.

“LLS” refers to Light Louisiana Sweet benchmark for crude oil reflective of Gulf coast economics for light sweet 
domestic and foreign crudes.

“LPG” refers to liquefied petroleum gas.

27

“Maya” refers to Maya crude oil, a heavy, sour crude oil characterized by an API gravity of approximately 22° 
and a sulfur content of approximately 3.3 weight percent that is used as a benchmark for other heavy crude oils.

“MLP” refers to master limited partnership.

“MMbbls” refers to an abbreviation for million barrels.

“MMBTU” refers to million British thermal units.

“MMSCFD” refers to million standard cubic feet per day.

“MOEM Pipeline” refers to a pipeline that originates at a terminal in Empire, Louisiana approximately 30 miles 
north of the mouth of the Mississippi River. The MOEM Pipeline is 14 inches in diameter, 54 miles long and 
transports crude from South Louisiana to the Chalmette refinery and transports Heavy Louisiana Sweet (HLS) and 
South Louisiana Intermediate (SLI) crude.

“MSCG” refers to Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc.

“MW” refers to Megawatt.

“Nelson Complexity Index” refers to the complexity of an oil refinery as measured by the Nelson Complexity 
Index, which is calculated on an annual basis by the Oil and Gas Journal. The Nelson Complexity Index assigns 
a complexity factor to each major piece of refinery equipment based on its complexity and cost in comparison to 
crude distillation, which is assigned a complexity factor of 1.0. The complexity of each piece of refinery equipment 
is then calculated by multiplying its complexity factor by its throughput ratio as a percentage of crude distillation 
capacity. Adding up the complexity values assigned to each piece of equipment, including crude distillation, 
determines a refinery’s complexity on the Nelson Complexity Index. A refinery with a complexity of 10.0 on the 
Nelson Complexity Index is considered ten times more complex than crude distillation for the same amount of 
throughput.

“NYH” refers to the New York Harbor market value of petroleum products.

“NYMEX” refers to the New York Mercantile Exchange. 

“NYSE” refers to the New York Stock Exchange.

“PADD” refers to Petroleum Administration for Defense Districts.

“Platts” refers to Platts, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies.

“PPM” refers to parts per million.

“RINS” refers to renewable fuel credits required for compliance with the Renewable Fuels Standard.

“refined products” refers to petroleum products, such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, that are produced by a 
refinery.

“sour crude oil” refers to a crude oil that is relatively high in sulfur content, requiring additional processing to 
remove the sulfur. Sour crude oil is typically less expensive than sweet crude oil.

“Saudi Aramco” refers to Saudi Arabian Oil Company.

“SEC” refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

“Sunoco” refers to Sunoco, LLC.

“sweet crude oil” refers to a crude oil that is relatively low in sulfur content, requiring less processing to remove 
the sulfur than sour crude oil. Sweet crude oil is typically more expensive than sour crude oil.

28

“Syncrude” refers to a blend of Canadian synthetic oil, a light, sweet crude oil, typically characterized by API 
gravity between 30° and 32° and a sulfur content of approximately 0.1-0.2 weight percent.

“TCJA” refers to the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation enacted on December 22, 2017 and 
commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or TCJA. 

“throughput” refers to the volume processed through a unit or refinery.

“turnaround” refers to a periodically required shutdown and comprehensive maintenance event to refurbish and 
maintain a refinery unit or units that involves the inspection of such units and occurs generally on a periodic cycle.

“ULSD” refers to ultra-low-sulfur diesel.

“Valero” refers to Valero Energy Corporation.

“WCS” refers to Western Canadian Select, a heavy, sour crude oil blend typically characterized by API gravity 
between 20° and 22° and a sulfur content of approximately 3.5 weight percent that is used as a benchmark for 
heavy Western Canadian crude oil.

“WTI” refers to West Texas Intermediate crude oil, a light, sweet crude oil, typically characterized by API gravity 
between 38° and 40° and a sulfur content of approximately 0.3 weight percent that is used as a benchmark for 
other crude oils.

“WTS” refers to West Texas Sour crude oil, a sour crude oil characterized by API gravity between 30° and 33° 
and a sulfur content of approximately 1.28 weight percent that is used as a benchmark for other sour crude oils.

“yield” refers to the percentage of refined products that is produced from crude oil and other feedstocks.

29

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry

You should carefully read the risks and uncertainties described below. The risks and uncertainties described 
below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties may also impair our business 
operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or 
cash flows would likely suffer. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall.

The price volatility of crude oil, other feedstocks, blendstocks, refined products and fuel and utility services 
may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability, cash flows and liquidity.

Our revenues, profitability, cash flows and liquidity from operations depend primarily on the margin above 
operating expenses (including the cost of refinery feedstocks, such as crude oil, intermediate partially refined 
petroleum products, and natural gas liquids that are processed and blended into refined products) at which we are 
able to sell refined products. Refining is primarily a margin-based business and, to increase profitability, it is 
important to maximize the yields of high value finished products while minimizing the costs of feedstock and 
operating expenses. When the margin between refined product prices and crude oil and other feedstock costs 
contracts, our earnings, profitability and cash flows are negatively affected. Refining margins historically have 
been volatile, and are likely to continue to be volatile, as a result of a variety of factors, including fluctuations in 
the prices of crude oil, other feedstocks, refined products and fuel and utility services. An increase or decrease in 
the price of crude oil will likely result in a similar increase or decrease in prices for refined products; however, 
there may be a time lag in the realization, or no such realization, of the similar increase or decrease in prices for 
refined products. The effect of changes in crude oil prices on our refining margins therefore depends in part on 
how quickly and how fully refined product prices adjust to reflect these changes.

In addition, the nature of our business requires us to maintain substantial crude oil, feedstock and refined 
product inventories. Because crude oil, feedstock and refined products are commodities, we have no control over 
the changing market value of these inventories. Our crude oil, feedstock and refined product inventories are valued 
at the lower of cost or market value under the last-in-first-out (“LIFO”) inventory valuation methodology. If the 
market value of our crude oil, feedstock and refined product inventory declines to an amount less than our LIFO 
cost, we would record a write-down of inventory and a non-cash impact to cost of products and other. For example, 
during the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded an adjustment to value our inventories to the lower of cost 
or market which increased operating income and net income by $295.5 million and $178.5 million, respectively, 
reflecting the net change in the lower of cost or market inventory reserve from $596.0 million at December 31, 
2016 to $300.5 million at December 31, 2017. 

Prices of crude oil, other feedstocks, blendstocks, and refined products depend on numerous factors beyond 
our control, including the supply of and demand for crude oil, other feedstocks, gasoline, diesel, ethanol, asphalt 
and other refined products. Such supply and demand are affected by a variety of economic, market, environmental 
and political conditions.

Our direct operating expense structure also impacts our profitability. Our major direct operating expenses 
include employee and contract labor, maintenance and energy. Our predominant variable direct operating cost is 
energy, which is comprised primarily of fuel and other utility services. The volatility in costs of fuel, principally 
natural gas, and other utility services, principally electricity, used by our refineries and other operations affect our 
operating costs. Fuel and utility prices have been, and will continue to be, affected by factors outside our control, 
such as supply and demand for fuel and utility services in both local and regional markets. Natural gas prices have 
historically been volatile and, typically, electricity prices fluctuate with natural gas prices. Future increases in fuel 
and utility prices may have a negative effect on our refining margins, profitability and cash flows.

Our profitability is affected by crude oil differentials and related factors, which fluctuate substantially.

A  significant  portion  of  our  profitability  is  derived  from  the  ability  to  purchase  and  process  crude  oil 
feedstocks that historically have been less expensive than benchmark crude oils, such as the heavy, sour crude oils 

30

processed at our Delaware City, Paulsboro, Chalmette and Torrance refineries. For our Toledo refinery, purchased 
crude prices have historically been slightly above the WTI benchmark, however, such crude slate typically results 
in favorable refinery production yield. For all locations, these crude oil differentials can vary significantly from 
quarter to quarter depending on overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude 
oil and refined products. Any change in these crude oil differentials may have an impact on our earnings. Our rail 
investment and strategy to acquire cost advantaged Mid-Continent and Canadian crude, which are priced based 
on WTI, could be adversely affected when the Dated Brent/WTI or related differentials narrow. A narrowing of 
the WTI/Dated Brent differential may result in our Toledo refinery losing a portion of its crude oil price advantage 
over certain of our competitors, which negatively impacts our profitability. In addition, the narrowing of the WTI/
WCS differential, which is a proxy for the difference between light U.S. and heavy Canadian crude oil, may reduce 
our refining margins and adversely affect our profitability and earnings. Divergent views have been expressed as 
to the expected magnitude of changes to these crude differentials in future periods. Any continued or further 
narrowing of these differentials could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability.

Additionally, governmental and regulatory actions, including recent initiatives by the Organization of the 
Petroleum Exporting Countries to restrict crude oil production levels and executive actions by the current U.S. 
presidential administration to advance certain energy infrastructure projects such as the Keystone XL pipeline, 
may continue to impact crude oil prices and crude oil differentials. Any increase in crude oil prices or unfavorable 
movements in crude oil differentials due to such actions or changing regulatory environment may negatively impact 
our ability to acquire crude oil at economical prices and could have a material adverse effect on our business and 
profitability.

A significant interruption or casualty loss at any of our refineries and related assets could reduce our production, 
particularly  if  not  fully  covered  by  our  insurance.  Failure  by  one  or  more  insurers  to  honor  its  coverage 
commitments for an insured event could materially and adversely affect our future cash flows, operating results 
and financial condition.

Our business currently consists of owning and operating five refineries and related assets. As a result, our 
operations could be subject to significant interruption if any of our refineries were to experience a major accident, 
be damaged by severe weather or other natural disaster, or otherwise be forced to shut down or curtail production 
due to unforeseen events, such as acts of God, nature, orders of governmental authorities, supply chain disruptions 
impacting our crude rail facilities or other logistical assets, power outages, acts of terrorism, fires, toxic emissions 
and maritime hazards. Any such shutdown or disruption would reduce the production from that refinery. There is 
also risk of mechanical failure and equipment shutdowns both in general and following unforeseen events. Further, 
in such situations, undamaged refinery processing units may be dependent on or interact with damaged sections 
of our refineries and, accordingly, are also subject to being shut down. In the event any of our refineries is forced 
to shut down for a significant period of time, it would have a material adverse effect on our earnings, our other 
results of operations and our financial condition as a whole.

As protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, such potential 
losses and liabilities. We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at 
reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies 
may increase substantially. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for 
reduced amounts of coverage. For example, coverage for hurricane damage can be limited, and coverage for 
terrorism risks can include broad exclusions. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully 
insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position.

Our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers. Significant disruptions in financial markets 
could lead to a deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies 
and, therefore, we may not be able to obtain the full amount of our insurance coverage for insured events.

31

Our refineries are subject to interruptions of supply and distribution as a result of our reliance on pipelines 
and railroads for transportation of crude oil and refined products.

Our Toledo,  Chalmette  and Torrance  refineries  receive  a  significant  portion  of  their  crude  oil  through 
pipelines. These pipelines include the Enbridge system, Capline and Mid-Valley pipelines for supplying crude to 
our Toledo refinery, the MOEM and CAM pipelines for supplying crude to our Chalmette refinery and the San 
Joaquin Pipeline, San Ardo and Coastal Pipeline systems for supplying crude to our Torrance refinery. Additionally, 
our Toledo, Chalmette and Torrance refineries deliver a significant portion of the refined products through pipelines. 
These pipelines include pipelines such as the Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. and Buckeye Partners L.P. pipelines 
at Toledo, the Collins Pipeline at our Chalmette refinery and Jet Pipeline to the Los Angeles International Airport, 
the Product Pipeline to Vernon and the Product Pipeline to Atwood at our Torrance refinery. We could experience 
an interruption of supply or delivery, or an increased cost of receiving crude oil and delivering refined products to 
market, if the ability of these pipelines to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of accidents, 
weather interruptions, governmental regulation, terrorism, other third party action or casualty or other events.

The Delaware City rail unloading facilities allow our East Coast refineries to source WTI-based crudes from 
Western Canada and the Mid-Continent, which may provide significant cost advantages versus traditional Brent-
based international crudes in certain market environments. Any disruptions or restrictions to our supply of crude 
by rail due to problems with third party logistics infrastructure or operations or as a result of increased regulations, 
could increase our crude costs and negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, due to the common carrier regulatory obligation applicable to interstate oil pipelines, capacity 
allocation  among  shippers  can  become  contentious  in  the  event  demand  is  in  excess  of  capacity. Therefore, 
nominations by new shippers or increased nominations by existing shippers may reduce the capacity available to 
us. Any prolonged interruption in the operation or curtailment of available capacity of the pipelines that we rely 
upon for transportation of crude oil and refined products could have a further material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Regulation of emissions of greenhouse gases could force us to incur increased capital and operating costs and 
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Both houses of Congress have actively considered legislation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases 
(“GHGs”), such as carbon dioxide and methane, including proposals to: (i) establish a cap and trade system, 
(ii) create a federal renewable energy or “clean” energy standard requiring electric utilities to provide a certain 
percentage of power from such sources, and (iii) create enhanced incentives for use of renewable energy and 
increased efficiency in energy supply and use. In addition, the EPA is taking steps to regulate GHGs under the 
existing federal Clean Air Act (the “CAA”). The EPA has already adopted regulations limiting emissions of GHGs 
from motor vehicles, addressing the permitting of GHG emissions from stationary sources, and requiring the 
reporting of GHG emissions from specified large GHG emission sources, including refineries. These and similar 
regulations could require us to incur costs to monitor and report GHG emissions or reduce emissions of GHGs 
associated with our operations. In addition, various states, individually as well as in some cases on a regional basis, 
have taken steps to control GHG emissions, including adoption of GHG reporting requirements, cap and trade 
systems  and  renewable  portfolio  standards  (such  as AB32  regulations  in  California).  Efforts  have  also  been 
undertaken to delay, limit or prohibit the EPA and possibly state action to regulate GHG emissions, and it is not 
possible at this time to predict the ultimate form, timing or extent of federal or state regulation. In addition, it is 
currently uncertain how the current presidential administration will address GHG emissions. In the event we do 
incur increased costs as a result of increased efforts to control GHG emissions, we may not be able to pass on any 
of these costs to our customers. Such requirements also could adversely affect demand for the refined petroleum 
products that we produce. Any increased costs or reduced demand could materially and adversely affect our business 
and results of operation.

Requirements to reduce emissions could result in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities as 
well as implement and manage new emission controls and programs put in place. For example, AB32 in California 
requires the state to reduce its GHG emissions to 1990 levels by 2020. Additionally, in September 2016, the state 

32

of California enacted Senate Bill 32 which further reduces greenhouse gas emissions targets to 40 percent below 
1990 levels by 2030. Two regulations implemented to achieve these goals are Cap-and-Trade and the Low Carbon 
Fuel Standard (“LCFS”). In 2012, the California Air Resource Board (“CARB”) implemented Cap-and-Trade. 
This program currently places a cap on GHGs and we are required to acquire a sufficient number of credits to 
cover emissions from our refineries and our in-state sales of gasoline and diesel. In 2009, CARB adopted the LCFS, 
which requires a 10% reduction in the carbon intensity of gasoline and diesel by 2020. Compliance is achieved 
through blending lower carbon intensity biofuels into gasoline and diesel or by purchasing credits. Compliance 
with each of these programs is facilitated through a market-based credit system. If sufficient credits are unavailable 
for purchase or we are unable to pass through costs to our customers, we have to pay a higher price for credits or 
if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligations, our financial condition and results of operations 
could be adversely affected.

Our hedging activities may limit our potential gains, exacerbate potential losses and involve other risks.

We may enter into commodity derivatives contracts to hedge our crude price risk or crack spread risk with 
respect to a portion of our expected gasoline and distillate production on a rolling basis. Consistent with that policy 
we may hedge some percentage of future crude supply. We may enter into hedging arrangements with the intent 
to secure a minimum fixed cash flow stream on the volume of products hedged during the hedge term and to protect 
against volatility in commodity prices. Our hedging arrangements may fail to fully achieve these objectives for a 
variety of reasons, including our failure to have adequate hedging arrangements, if any, in effect at any particular 
time and the failure of our hedging arrangements to produce the anticipated results. We may not be able to procure 
adequate hedging arrangements due to a variety of factors. Moreover, such transactions may limit our ability to 
benefit from favorable changes in crude oil and refined product prices. In addition, our hedging activities may 
expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which:

• 

the volumes of our actual use of crude oil or production of the applicable refined products is less than the 
volumes subject to the hedging arrangement;

•  accidents, interruptions in feedstock transportation, inclement weather or other events cause unscheduled 

shutdowns or otherwise adversely affect our refineries, or those of our suppliers or customers;

•  changes in commodity prices have a material impact on collateral and margin requirements under our 

hedging arrangements, resulting in us being subject to margin calls;
the counterparties to our derivative contracts fail to perform under the contracts; or

• 
•  a sudden, unexpected event materially impacts the commodity or crack spread subject to the hedging 

arrangement.

As a result, the effectiveness of our hedging strategy could have a material impact on our financial results. 
See  “Item  7.  Management’s  Discussion  and Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations—
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.”

In addition, these hedging activities involve basis risk. Basis risk in a hedging arrangement occurs when 
the price of the commodity we hedge is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged commodity 
is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. For example, a NYMEX index used for hedging certain volumes 
of our crude oil or refined products may have more or less variability than the actual cost or price we realize for 
such crude oil or refined products. We may not hedge all the basis risk inherent in our hedging arrangements and 
derivative contracts.

We may have capital needs for which our internally generated cash flows and other sources of liquidity may 
not be adequate. 

If we cannot generate sufficient cash flows or otherwise secure sufficient liquidity to support our short-term 
and long-term capital requirements, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations or our future debt 
obligations,  comply  with  certain  deadlines  related  to  environmental  regulations  and  standards,  or  pursue  our 
business strategies, including acquisitions, in which case our operations may not perform as we currently expect. 
We have substantial short-term capital needs and may have substantial long term capital needs. Our short-term 

33

working capital needs are primarily related to financing certain of our refined products inventory not covered by 
our  various  supply  and  Inventory  Intermediation  Agreements.  Pursuant  to  the  Inventory  Intermediation 
Agreements, J. Aron purchases and holds title to certain of the intermediate and finished products produced by the 
Delaware City and Paulsboro refineries and delivered into the tanks at the refineries (or at other locations outside 
of the refineries as agreed upon by both parties). Furthermore, J. Aron agrees to sell the intermediate and finished 
products back to us as they are discharged out of the refineries’ tanks (or other locations outside of the refineries 
as agreed upon by both parties). We market and sell the finished products independently to third parties. 

If we cannot adequately handle our crude oil and feedstock requirements or if we are required to obtain our 
crude oil supply at our other refineries without the benefit of the existing supply arrangements or the applicable 
counterparty defaults in its obligations, our crude oil pricing costs may increase as the number of days between 
when we pay for the crude oil and when the crude oil is delivered to us increases. Termination of our A&R 
Intermediation Agreements with J. Aron would require us to finance our refined products inventory covered by 
the agreements at terms that may not be as favorable. Additionally, we are obligated to repurchase from J. Aron 
all volumes of products located at the refineries’ storage tanks (or at other locations outside of the refineries as 
agreed upon by both parties) upon termination of these agreements, which may have a material adverse impact on 
our working capital and financial condition. Further, if we are not able to market and sell our finished products to 
credit worthy customers, we may be subject to delays in the collection of our accounts receivable and exposure to 
additional credit risk. Such increased exposure could negatively impact our liquidity due to our increased working 
capital needs as a result of the increase in the amount of crude oil inventory and accounts receivable we would 
have  to  carry  on  our  balance  sheet.  Our  long-term  needs  for  cash  include  those  to  support  ongoing  capital 
expenditures for equipment maintenance and upgrades during turnarounds at our refineries and to complete our 
routine and normally scheduled maintenance, regulatory and security expenditures. 

In addition, from time to time, we are required to spend significant amounts for repairs when one or more 
processing units experiences temporary shutdowns. We continue to utilize significant capital to upgrade equipment, 
improve facilities, and reduce operational, safety and environmental risks. In connection with the Paulsboro and 
Torrance acquisitions, we assumed certain significant environmental obligations, and may similarly do so in future 
acquisitions. We will likely incur substantial compliance costs in connection with new or changing environmental, 
health and safety regulations. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition.” Our 
liquidity condition will affect our ability to satisfy any and all of these needs or obligations. 

We may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms or at all because of volatility and uncertainty in the 
credit and capital markets. This may hinder or prevent us from meeting our future capital needs.

In the past, global financial markets and economic conditions have been, and may again be, subject to 
disruption and volatile due to a variety of factors, including uncertainty in the financial services sector, low consumer 
confidence, falling commodity prices, geopolitical issues and the generally weak economic conditions. In addition, 
the fixed income markets have experienced periods of extreme volatility that have negatively impacted market 
liquidity conditions. As a result, the cost of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets has increased 
substantially at times while the availability of funds from those markets diminished significantly. In particular, as 
a  result  of  concerns  about  the  stability  of  financial  markets  generally,  which  may  be  subject  to  unforeseen 
disruptions, the cost of obtaining money from the credit markets may increase as many lenders and institutional 
investors increase interest rates, enact tighter lending standards, refuse to refinance existing debt on similar terms 
or at all and reduce or, in some cases, cease to provide funding to borrowers. Due to these factors, we cannot be 
certain that new debt or equity financing will be available on acceptable terms. If funding is not available when 
needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to meet our obligations as they come due. 
Moreover, without adequate funding, we may be unable to execute our growth strategy, complete future acquisitions, 
take advantage of other business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a 
material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.

34

Competition from companies who produce their own supply of feedstocks, have extensive retail outlets, make 
alternative fuels or have greater financial and other resources than we do could materially and adversely affect 
our business and results of operations.

Our refining operations compete with domestic refiners and marketers in regions of the United States in 
which we operate, as well as with domestic refiners in other regions and foreign refiners that import products into 
the United States. In addition, we compete with other refiners, producers and marketers in other industries that 
supply their own renewable fuels or alternative forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the requirements of our industrial, 
commercial and individual consumers. Certain of our competitors have larger and more complex refineries, and 
may be able to realize lower per-barrel costs or higher margins per barrel of throughput. Several of our principal 
competitors are integrated national or international oil companies that are larger and have substantially greater 
resources than we do and access to proprietary sources of controlled crude oil production. Unlike these competitors, 
we obtain substantially all of our feedstocks from unaffiliated sources. We are not engaged in the petroleum 
exploration and production business and therefore do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks. We do not have 
a retail business and therefore are dependent upon others for outlets for our refined products. Because of their 
integrated operations and larger capitalization, these companies may be more flexible in responding to volatile 
industry  or  market  conditions,  such  as  shortages  of  crude  oil  supply  and  other  feedstocks  or  intense  price 
fluctuations.

Newer  or  upgraded  refineries  will  often  be  more  efficient  than  our  refineries,  which  may  put  us  at  a 
competitive disadvantage. We have taken significant measures to maintain our refineries including the installation 
of new equipment and redesigning older equipment to improve our operations. However, these actions involve 
significant uncertainties, since upgraded equipment may not perform at expected throughput levels, the yield and 
product quality of new equipment may differ from design specifications and modifications may be needed to correct 
equipment that does not perform as expected. Any of these risks associated with new equipment, redesigned older 
equipment or repaired equipment could lead to lower revenues or higher costs or otherwise have an adverse effect 
on future results of operations and financial condition. Over time, our refineries or certain refinery units may 
become obsolete, or be unable to compete, because of the construction of new, more efficient facilities by our 
competitors.

Any political instability, military strikes, sustained military campaigns, terrorist activity, or changes in foreign 
policy could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Any political instability, military strikes, sustained military campaigns, terrorist activity, or changes in 
foreign policy in areas or regions of the world where we acquire crude oil and other raw materials or sell our refined 
petroleum  products  may  affect  our  business  in  unpredictable  ways,  including  forcing  us  to  increase  security 
measures and causing disruptions of supplies and distribution markets. We may also be subject to United States 
trade and economic sanctions laws, which change frequently as a result of foreign policy developments, and which 
may necessitate changes to our crude oil acquisition activities. Further, like other industrial companies, our facilities 
may be the target of terrorist activities. Any act of war or terrorism that resulted in damage to any of our refineries 
or third-party facilities upon which we are dependent for our business operations could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Economic turmoil in the global financial system may in the future have an adverse impact on the refining 
industry.

Our business and profitability are affected by the overall level of demand for our products, which in turn is 
affected by factors such as overall levels of economic activity and business and consumer confidence and spending. 
In the past, declines in global economic activity and consumer and business confidence and spending significantly 
reduced the level of demand for our products. Reduced demand for our products may have an adverse impact on 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, downturns in the economy 
impact the demand for refined fuels and, in turn, result in excess refining capacity. Refining margins are impacted 
by changes in domestic and global refining capacity, as increases in refining capacity can adversely impact refining 
margins, earnings and cash flows.

35

Our business is indirectly exposed to risks faced by our suppliers, customers and other business partners. 
The impact on these constituencies of the risks posed by economic turmoil in the global financial system could 
include interruptions or delays in the performance by counterparties to our contracts, reductions and delays in 
customer purchases, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products and the 
inability of customers to pay for our products. Any of these events may have an adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We must make substantial capital expenditures on our operating facilities to maintain their reliability and 
efficiency. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and/or in a timely manner, or if 
the  market  conditions  assumed  in  our  project  economics  deteriorate,  our  financial  condition,  results  of 
operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and 
construction of new facilities (or improvements and repairs to our existing facilities and equipment, including 
turnarounds) could adversely affect our ability to achieve targeted internal rates of return and operating results. 
Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors in the marketplace, many of which are 
beyond our control, including:

•  denial or delay in obtaining regulatory approvals and/or permits;
•  unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor;
•  disruptions in transportation of modular components and/or construction materials;
• 

severe adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, 
explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors and suppliers;
shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages;

• 
•  market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; and/or
•  non-performance or force majeure by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or sub-contractors 

involved with a project.

Our refineries contain many processing units, a number of which have been in operation for many years. 
Equipment, even if properly maintained, may require significant capital expenditures and expenses to keep it 
operating at optimum efficiency. One or more of the units may require unscheduled downtime for unanticipated 
maintenance or repairs that are more frequent than our scheduled turnarounds for such units. Scheduled and 
unscheduled maintenance could reduce our revenues during the period of time that the units are not operating.

Our forecasted internal rates of return are also based upon our projections of future market fundamentals, 
which are not within our control, including changes in general economic conditions, available alternative supply 
and customer demand. Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our business. If we 
were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions 
change, it could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Acquisitions that we may undertake in the future involve a number of risks, any of which could cause us not 
to realize the anticipated benefits.

We may not be successful in acquiring additional assets, and any acquisitions that we do consummate may 
not produce the anticipated benefits or may have adverse effects on our business and operating results. We may 
selectively  consider  strategic  acquisitions  in  the  future  within  the  refining  and  mid-stream  sector  based  on 
performance through the cycle, advantageous access to crude oil supplies, attractive refined products market 
fundamentals and access to distribution and logistics infrastructure. Our ability to do so will be dependent upon a 
number of factors, including our ability to identify acceptable acquisition candidates, consummate acquisitions on 
acceptable terms, successfully integrate acquired assets and obtain financing to fund acquisitions and to support 
our growth and many other factors beyond our control. Risks associated with acquisitions include those relating 
to the diversion of management time and attention from our existing business, liability for known or unknown 
environmental conditions or other contingent liabilities and greater than anticipated expenditures required for 
compliance with environmental, safety or other regulatory standards or for investments to improve operating results, 

36

and the incurrence of additional indebtedness to finance acquisitions or capital expenditures relating to acquired 
assets. We may also enter into transition services agreements in the future with sellers of any additional refineries 
we acquire. Such services may not be performed timely and effectively, and any significant disruption in such 
transition services or unanticipated costs related to such services could adversely affect our business and results 
of operations. In addition, it is likely that, when we acquire refineries, we will not have access to the type of 
historical financial information that we will require regarding the prior operation of the refineries. As a result, it 
may be difficult for investors to evaluate the probable impact of significant acquisitions on our financial performance 
until we have operated the acquired refineries for a substantial period of time.

Our business may suffer if any of our senior executives or other key employees discontinues employment with 
us. Furthermore, a shortage of skilled labor or disruptions in our labor force may make it difficult for us to 
maintain labor productivity.

Our future success depends to a large extent on the services of our senior executives and other key employees. 
Our business depends on our continuing ability to recruit, train and retain highly qualified employees in all areas 
of our operations, including engineering, accounting, business operations, finance and other key back-office and 
mid-office personnel. Furthermore, our operations require skilled and experienced employees with proficiency in 
multiple tasks. The competition for these employees is intense, and the loss of these executives or employees could 
harm our business. If any of these executives or other key personnel resigns or becomes unable to continue in his 
or her present role and is not adequately replaced, our business operations could be materially adversely affected.

A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that would interfere with our 
operations.

At Delaware City, Toledo, Chalmette and Torrance, most hourly employees are covered by a collective 
bargaining  agreement  through  the  United  Steel  Workers  (“USW”).  The  agreements  with  the  USW  covering 
Delaware City, Chalmette and Torrance are scheduled to expire in January 2019 and the agreement with the USW 
covering Toledo is scheduled to expire in February 2019. Similarly, at Paulsboro hourly employees are represented 
by the Independent Oil Workers (“IOW”) under a contract scheduled to expire in March 2019. Future negotiations 
after 2019 may result in labor unrest for which a strike or work stoppage is possible. Strikes and/or work stoppages 
could negatively affect our operational and financial results and may increase operating expenses at the refineries.

Our commodity derivative activities could result in period-to-period earnings volatility.

We do not currently apply hedge accounting to all of our commodity derivative contracts and, as a result, 
unrealized gains and losses will be charged to our earnings based on the increase or decrease in the market value 
of such unsettled positions. These gains and losses may be reflected in our income statement in periods that differ 
from when the settlement of the underlying hedged items are reflected in our income statement. Such derivative 
gains or losses in earnings may produce significant period-to-period earnings volatility that is not necessarily 
reflective of our underlying operational performance.

The adoption of derivatives legislation by the United States Congress could have an adverse effect on our ability 
to use derivatives contracts to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with 
our business. 

The United States Congress in 2010 passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, which, among other things, established federal oversight and regulation of the over-
the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market. In connection with the Dodd-Frank Act, 
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC, has proposed rules to set position limits for certain 
futures and option contracts, and for swaps that are their economic equivalent, in the major energy markets. The 
legislation and related regulations may also require us to comply with margin requirements and with certain clearing 
and trade-execution requirements if we are in scope and do not otherwise satisfy certain specific exceptions. The 
legislation and related regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivatives contracts (including through 
requirements  to  post  collateral),  materially  alter  the  terms  of  derivatives  contracts,  reduce  the  availability  of 

37

derivatives to protect against risks we encounter and reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing 
derivatives contracts. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the legislation and regulations, our results 
of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect 
our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on us, our financial condition and our results of operations. 

We may incur significant liability under, or costs and capital expenditures to comply with, environmental and 
health and safety regulations, which are complex and change frequently. 

Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws regulating, among other things, the use and/or 
handling of petroleum and other regulated materials, the emission and discharge of materials into the environment, 
waste  management,  and  remediation  of  discharges  of  petroleum  and  petroleum  products,  characteristics  and 
composition of gasoline and distillates and other matters otherwise relating to the protection of the environment 
and the health and safety of the surrounding community. For example, the SCAQMD is currently considering 
further regulations on, or potentially banning the use of, modified hydrofluoric acid, also known as MHF, in 
California. We utilize MHF as an alkylation catalyst in the manufacturing of gasoline at our Torrance refinery. If 
MHF usage is limited or restricted by the SCAQMD, our current Torrance refinery operations would be adversely 
affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results 
of operations. Our operations are also subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to occupational health and 
safety. 

We cannot predict what additional environmental, health and safety legislation or regulations may be adopted 
in the future, or how existing or future laws or regulations may be administered or interpreted with respect to our 
operations. Many of these laws and regulations have become increasingly stringent over time, and the cost of 
compliance with these requirements can be expected to increase over time.

Certain environmental laws impose strict, and in certain circumstances, joint and several, liability for costs 
of investigation and cleanup of spills, discharges or releases on owners and operators of, as well as persons who 
arrange for treatment or disposal of regulated materials at, contaminated sites. Under these laws, we may incur 
liability or be required to pay penalties for past contamination, and third parties may assert claims against us for 
damages allegedly arising out of any past or future contamination. The potential penalties and clean-up costs for 
past or future spills, discharges or releases, the failure of prior owners of our facilities to complete their clean-up 
obligations, the liability to third parties for damage to their property, or the need to address newly-discovered 
information or conditions that may require a response could be significant, and the payment of these amounts could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Environmental clean-up and remediation costs of our sites and environmental litigation could decrease our net 
cash flow, reduce our results of operations and impair our financial condition.

We are subject to liability for the investigation and clean-up of environmental contamination at each of the 
properties that we own or operate and at off-site locations where we arrange for the treatment or disposal of regulated 
materials. We may become involved in litigation or other proceedings related to the foregoing. If we were to be 
held responsible for damages in any such litigation or proceedings, such costs may not be covered by insurance 
and may be material. Historical soil and groundwater contamination has been identified at each of our refineries. 
Currently, remediation projects for such contamination are underway in accordance with regulatory requirements 
at our refineries. In connection with the acquisitions of certain of our refineries and logistics assets, the prior owners 
have retained certain liabilities or indemnified us for certain liabilities, including those relating to pre-acquisition 
soil and groundwater conditions, and in some instances we have assumed certain liabilities and environmental 
obligations, including certain existing and potential remediation obligations. If the prior owners fail to satisfy their 
obligations for any reason, or if significant liabilities arise in the areas in which we assumed liability, we may 
become responsible for remediation expenses and other environmental liabilities, which could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. As a result, in addition to 
making capital expenditures or incurring other costs to comply with environmental laws, we also may be liable 
for significant environmental litigation or for investigation and remediation costs and other liabilities arising from 

38

the ownership or operation of these assets by prior owners, which could materially adversely affect our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Contractual Obligations and Commitments” and “Item 1. Business
—Environmental, Health and Safety Matters.”

We may also face liability arising from current or future claims alleging personal injury or property damage 
due to exposure to chemicals or other regulated materials, such as asbestos, benzene, silica dust and petroleum 
hydrocarbons, at or from our facilities. We may also face liability for personal injury, property damage, natural 
resource damage or clean-up costs for the alleged migration of contamination from our properties. A significant 
increase in the number or success of these claims could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flow.

Our operations could be disrupted if our critical information systems are hacked or fail, causing increased 
expenses and loss of sales.

Our business is highly dependent on financial, accounting and other data processing systems and other 
communications and information systems, including our enterprise resource planning tools. We process a large 
number of transactions on a daily basis and rely upon the proper functioning of computer systems. If a key system 
was hacked or otherwise interfered with by an unauthorized access, or was to fail or experience unscheduled 
downtime for any reason, even if only for a short period, our operations and financial results could be affected 
adversely. Our systems could be damaged or interrupted by a security breach, cyber-attack, fire, flood, power loss, 
telecommunications failure or similar event. We have a formal disaster recovery plan in place, but this plan may 
not prevent delays or other complications that could arise from an information systems failure. Further, our business 
interruption insurance may not compensate us adequately for losses that may occur. Finally, federal legislation 
relating to cyber-security threats could impose additional requirements on our operations. 

Product liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Product liability is a significant commercial risk. Substantial damage awards have been made in certain 
jurisdictions against manufacturers and resellers based upon claims for injuries and property damage caused by 
the use of or exposure to various products. Failure of our products to meet required specifications or claims that 
a product is inherently defective could result in product liability claims from our shippers and customers, and also 
arise from contaminated or off-specification product in commingled pipelines and storage tanks and/or defective 
fuels. Product liability claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

Climate change could have a material adverse impact on our operations and adversely affect our facilities.

Some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth’s atmosphere may 
produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, 
droughts, floods and other climatic events. We believe the issue of climate change will likely continue to receive 
scientific and political attention, with the potential for further laws and regulations that could materially adversely 
affect our ongoing operations.

In addition, as many of our facilities are located near coastal areas, rising sea levels may disrupt our ability 
to operate those facilities or transport crude oil and refined petroleum products. Extended periods of such disruption 
could have an adverse effect on our results of operation. We could also incur substantial costs to protect or repair 
these facilities.

Renewable fuels mandates may reduce demand for the refined fuels we produce, which could have a material 
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The market prices for RINs have been volatile 
and may harm our profitability.

Pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the EPA 
has issued Renewable Fuel Standards, or RFS, implementing mandates to blend renewable fuels into the petroleum 
fuels produced and sold in the United States. Under RFS, the volume of renewable fuels that obligated refineries 

39

must blend into their finished petroleum fuels increases annually over time until 2022. In addition, certain states 
have passed legislation that requires minimum biodiesel blending in finished distillates. On October 13, 2010, the 
EPA raised the maximum amount of ethanol allowed under federal law from 10% to 15% for cars and light trucks 
manufactured since 2007. The maximum amount allowed under federal law currently remains at 10% ethanol for 
all other vehicles. Existing laws and regulations could change, and the minimum volumes of renewable fuels that 
must be blended with refined petroleum fuels may increase. Because we do not produce renewable fuels, increasing 
the volume of renewable fuels that must be blended into our products displaces an increasing volume of our 
refinery’s product pool, potentially resulting in lower earnings and profitability. In addition, in order to meet certain 
of these and future EPA requirements, we may be required to purchase renewable fuel credits, known as “RINS,” 
which may have fluctuating costs. We have seen a fluctuation in the cost of RINs required for compliance with 
the RFS. We incurred approximately $293.7 million in RINs costs during the year ended December 31, 2017 as 
compared to $347.5 million and $171.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
The fluctuations in our RINs costs are due primarily to volatility in prices for ethanol-linked RINs and increases 
in our production of on-road transportation fuels since 2012. Our RINs purchase obligation is dependent on our 
actual shipment of on-road transportation fuels domestically and the amount of blending achieved which can cause 
variability in our profitability.

Our pipelines are subject to federal and/or state regulations, which could reduce profitability and the amount 
of cash we generate.

Our transportation activities are subject to regulation by multiple governmental agencies. The regulatory 
burden on the industry increases the cost of doing business and affects profitability. Additional proposals and 
proceedings  that  affect  the  oil  industry  are  regularly  considered  by  Congress,  the  states,  the  Federal  Energy 
Regulatory Commission, the United States Department of Transportation, and the courts. We cannot predict when 
or whether any such proposals may become effective or what impact such proposals may have. Projected operating 
costs related to our pipelines reflect the recurring costs resulting from compliance with these regulations, and these 
costs may increase due to future acquisitions, changes in regulation, changes in use, or discovery of existing but 
unknown compliance issues.

We are subject to strict laws and regulations regarding employee and process safety, and failure to comply with 
these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition 
and profitability.

We are subject to the requirements of the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, or OSHA, and 
comparable state statutes that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, OSHA requires 
that we maintain information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that we provide 
this information to employees, state and local governmental authorities, and local residents. Failure to comply with 
OSHA requirements, including general industry standards, process safety standards and control of occupational 
exposure to regulated substances, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial 
condition and the cash flows of the business if we are subjected to significant fines or compliance costs.

Compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance.

We are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal, state, local and foreign taxes such as income, 
excise, sales/use, payroll, franchise, property, gross receipts, withholding and ad valorem taxes. New tax laws and 
regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could 
result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. These liabilities are subject to periodic audits by 
the respective taxing authorities, which could increase our tax liabilities. Subsequent changes to our tax liabilities 
as a result of these audits may also subject us to interest and penalties. There can be no certainty that our federal, 
state, local or foreign taxes could be passed on to our customers.

Furthermore, the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) that was enacted on December 22, 2017 made significant 
permanent and temporary amendments to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, including a reduction in corporate 
income taxes, elimination of the corporate minimum tax, the immediate expensing of certain capital investments, 

40

allowing for an indefinite carryforward of tax net operating losses incurred in tax years beginning after December 
31, 2017 and fundamentally changing the taxation of multinational entities. Additionally, the TCJA potentially 
limits the amount of interest expense currently deductible, provides for a transition tax for previously unrepatriated 
foreign earnings, provides for current taxation of certain foreign income, a minimum tax on low-taxed foreign 
earnings, and new measures to deter base erosion. Certain of the amendments included in the TCJA may adversely 
affect our business, result of operations and financial condition. Although we are currently evaluating the impact 
of the TCJA on our business, significant uncertainty exists with respect to how the TCJA will ultimately affect our 
business. Some of the uncertainty will not be resolved until clarifying Treasury regulations are promulgated or 
other relevant authoritative guidance is published.

Changes in accounting standards issued by the FASB could have a material effect on our balance sheet, revenue 
and result of operations, and could require a significant expenditure of time, attention and resources, especially 
by senior management.

Our accounting and financial reporting policies conform to GAAP, which are periodically revised and/or 
expanded. The application of accounting principles is also subject to varying interpretations over time. Accordingly, 
we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or comply with revised interpretations that are issued 
from time to time by various parties, including accounting standard setters and those who interpret the standards, 
such as the FASB and the SEC and our independent registered public accounting firm. Such new financial accounting 
standards may result in significant changes that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations.

Refer to “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for further discussion of new accounting standards, including the implementation status and potential 
impact to our consolidated financial statements.

Changes in our credit profile could adversely affect our business.

Changes in our credit profile could affect the way crude oil suppliers view our ability to make payments 
and induce them to shorten the payment terms for our purchases or require us to post security or letters of credit 
prior to payment. Due to the large dollar amounts and volume of our crude oil and other feedstock purchases, any 
imposition by our suppliers of more burdensome payment terms on us may have a material adverse effect on our 
liquidity and our ability to make payments to our suppliers. This, in turn, could cause us to be unable to operate 
one or more of our refineries at full capacity.

Changes in laws or standards affecting the transportation of North American crude oil by rail could significantly 
impact our operations, and as a result cause our costs to increase.

Investigations into past rail accidents involving the transport of crude oil have prompted government agencies 
and other interested parties to call for increased regulation of the transport of crude oil by rail including in the areas 
of crude oil constituents, rail car design, routing of trains and other matters. Regulation governing shipments of 
petroleum crude oil by rail requires shippers to properly test and classify petroleum crude oil and further requires 
shippers to treat Class 3 petroleum crude oil transported by rail in tank cars as a Packing Group I or II hazardous 
material  only.  The  DOT  issued  additional  rules  and  regulations  that  require  rail  carriers  to  provide  certain 
notifications to State agencies along routes utilized by trains over a certain length carrying crude oil, enhance safety 
training standards under the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008, require each railroad or contractor to develop 
and submit a training program to perform regular oversight and annual written reviews and establish enhanced 
tank car standards and operational controls for high-hazard flammable trains. These rules and any further changes 
in law, regulations or industry standards that require us to reduce the volatile or flammable constituents in crude 
oil that is transported by rail, alter the design or standards for rail cars we use, change the routing or scheduling 
of trains carrying crude oil, or any other changes that detrimentally affect the economics of delivering North 
American crude oil by rail to our, or subsequently to third party, refineries, could increase our costs, which could 
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to service 
our indebtedness.

41

We could incur substantial costs or disruptions in our business if we cannot obtain or maintain necessary permits 
and authorizations or otherwise comply with health, safety, environmental and other laws and regulations.

Our  operations  require  numerous  permits  and  authorizations  under  various  laws  and  regulations.  These 
authorizations and permits are subject to revocation, renewal or modification and can require operational changes to 
limit impacts or potential impacts on the environment and/or health and safety. A violation of authorization or permit 
conditions  or  other  legal  or  regulatory  requirements  could  result  in  substantial  fines,  criminal  sanctions,  permit 
revocations, injunctions, and/or facility shutdowns. In addition, major modifications of our operations could require 
modifications to our existing permits or upgrades to our existing pollution control equipment. Any or all of these 
matters could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.

We may incur significant liability under, or costs and capital expenditures to comply with, environmental and 

health and safety regulations, which are complex and change frequently.

Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws regulating, among other things, the handling of 
petroleum  and  other  regulated  materials,  the  emission  and  discharge  of  materials  into  the  environment,  waste 
management, and remediation of discharges of petroleum and petroleum products, characteristics and composition 
of gasoline and distillates and other matters otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. Our operations 
are also subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety.

We cannot predict what additional environmental, health and safety legislation or regulations may be adopted 
in the future, or how existing or future laws or regulations may be administered or interpreted with respect to our 
operations. Many of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent, and the cost of compliance with 
these requirements can be expected to increase over time.

Certain environmental laws impose strict, and in certain circumstances joint and several liability for, costs of 
investigation and cleanup of such spills, discharges or releases on owners and operators of, as well as persons who 
arrange for treatment or disposal of regulated materials at contaminated sites. Under these laws, we may incur liability 
or be required to pay penalties for past contamination, and third parties may assert claims against us for damages 
allegedly arising out of any past or future contamination. The potential penalties and clean-up costs for past or future 
releases or spills, the failure of prior owners of our facilities to complete their clean-up obligations, the liability to 
third parties for damage to their property, or the need to address newly-discovered information or conditions that may 
require a response could be significant, and the payment of these amounts could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our operating results are seasonal and generally lower in the first and fourth quarters of the year for our 
refining operations. We depend on favorable weather conditions in the spring and summer months. 

Demand for gasoline products is generally higher during the summer months than during the winter months 
due to seasonal increases in highway traffic and construction work. Varying vapor pressure requirements between 
the summer and winter months also tighten summer gasoline supply. As a result, the operating results of our refining 
segment are generally lower for the first and fourth quarters of each year.

We may not be able to successfully integrate the Torrance Refinery or future acquisitions into our business, or 
realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions. 

Following the completion of the Torrance Acquisition, the integration of this business into our operations 
may be a complex and time-consuming process that may not be successful. Prior to the completion of the Torrance 
Acquisition we did not have any operations in the West Coast. This may add complexity to effectively overseeing, 
integrating and operating this refinery and related assets. Even if we successfully integrate this business into our 
operations, there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits and operating synergies. Our 
estimates  regarding  the  earnings,  operating  cash  flow,  capital  expenditures  and  liabilities  resulting  from  this 
acquisition or future acquisitions may prove to be incorrect. This acquisition involves risks, including: 

• 

unexpected losses of key employees, customers and suppliers of the acquired operations;

42

• 
• 
• 

• 

challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations;
diversion of management time and attention from our existing business;
liability for known or unknown environmental conditions or other contingent liabilities and greater than 
anticipated expenditures required for compliance with environmental, safety or other regulatory standards 
or for investments to improve operating results; and
the  incurrence  of  additional  indebtedness  to  finance  acquisitions  or  capital  expenditures  relating  to 
acquired assets.

In connection with our Torrance Acquisition and with future acquisitions, we did not and may not have 
access to the type of historical financial information that we may require regarding the prior operation of the 
refinery. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to evaluate the probable impact of this significant acquisition 
or future acquisitions on our financial performance until we have operated the acquired refinery for a substantial 
period of time. 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness

Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations 
under our indebtedness.

Our indebtedness may significantly affect our financial flexibility in the future. As of December 31, 2017, 
we have total debt of $2,226.1 million, excluding deferred debt issuance costs of $34.5 million, and we could incur 
an additional $1,195.7 million under our credit facilities. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our 
strategy includes executing future refinery and logistics acquisitions. Any significant acquisition would likely 
require us to incur additional indebtedness in order to finance all or a portion of such acquisition. The level of our 
indebtedness has several important consequences for our future operations, including that:

•  a portion of our cash flow from operations will be dedicated to the payment of principal of, and interest 

on, our indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes;

• 

•  under certain circumstances, covenants contained in our existing debt arrangements limit our ability to 

borrow additional funds, dispose of assets and make certain investments;
in certain circumstances these covenants also require us to meet or maintain certain financial tests, which 
may affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in our industry, such as being able to 
take advantage of acquisition opportunities when they arise;

•  our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general 

corporate and other purposes may be limited; and

•  we may be at a competitive disadvantage to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; and we may 

be more vulnerable to adverse economic and industry conditions.

Our indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations, certain of which contain 
cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions. Our, and our subsidiaries’, ability to meet  future principal 
obligations will be dependent upon our future performance, which in turn will be subject to general economic 
conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are 
beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay our 
indebtedness. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may be required to sell assets, 
to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or to obtain additional financing. Refinancing may not be possible 
and additional financing may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all.

Despite our level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more debt, which 
could exacerbate the risks described above.

We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future including additional 
secured or unsecured debt. Although our debt instruments and financing arrangements contain restrictions on the 
incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, 
and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. To the extent new debt 

43

is added to our currently anticipated debt levels, the leverage risks described above would increase. Also, these 
restrictions do not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness.

Restrictive covenants in our debt instruments may limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions.

Various  covenants  in  our  debt  instruments  and  other  financing  arrangements  may  restrict  our  and  our 
subsidiaries’ financial flexibility in a number of ways. Our indebtedness subjects us to financial and other restrictive 
covenants,  including  restrictions  on  our  ability  to  incur  additional  indebtedness,  place  liens  upon  assets,  pay 
dividends or make certain other restricted payments and investments, consummate certain asset sales or asset 
swaps, conduct businesses other than our current businesses, or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise 
dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. Some of these debt instruments also require our subsidiaries to 
satisfy or maintain certain financial tests in certain circumstances. Our subsidiaries’ ability to meet these financial 
tests can be affected by events beyond our control and they may not meet such tests.

Provisions in our indentures could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party.

Certain provisions of our indentures could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to 
acquire us. Upon the occurrence of certain transactions constituting a “change in control” as described in the 
indentures governing the Senior Notes and PBFX Senior Notes (both of which are defined below), holders of our 
notes could require us to repurchase all outstanding notes at 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, at the date of repurchase.

Our future credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to obtain credit in the future.

Our Senior Notes (as defined below) are rated BB by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services and B1 by Moody’s 
Investors Service. Any adverse effect on our credit rating may increase our cost of borrowing or hinder our ability 
to raise financing in the capital markets, which would impair our ability to grow our business and make cash 
distributions to our shareholders.

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure and Our Class A Common Stock

Our only material asset is our interest in PBF LLC. Accordingly, we depend upon distributions from PBF LLC 
and its subsidiaries to pay our taxes, meet our other obligations and/or pay dividends in the future. 

We are a holding company and all of our operations are conducted through subsidiaries of PBF LLC. We 
have no independent means of generating revenue and no material assets other than our ownership interest in PBF 
LLC. Therefore, we depend on the earnings and cash flow of our subsidiaries to meet our obligations, including 
our indebtedness, tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under a tax receivable agreement entered into 
with PBF LLC Series A and PBF LLC Series B Unit holders (the “Tax Receivable Agreement”). If we or PBF 
LLC do not receive such cash distributions, dividends or other payments from our subsidiaries, we and PBF LLC 
may be unable to meet our obligations and/or pay dividends. 

We intend to cause PBF LLC to make distributions to its members in an amount sufficient to enable us to 
cover all applicable taxes at assumed tax rates, make payments owed by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement, 
and to pay other obligations and dividends, if any, declared by us. To the extent we need funds and PBF LLC or 
any of its subsidiaries is restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the 
terms of our financing or other contractual arrangements, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, such 
restrictions could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

Our PBF Holding asset based revolving credit agreement (the “Revolving Loan”), 7.00% senior notes due 
2023 issued by PBF Holding in November 2015 (the “2023 Senior Notes”), 7.25% senior notes due 2025 issued 
by PBF Holding in May 2017 (the “2025 Senior Notes”, and together with the 2023 Senior Notes, the “Senior 
Notes”) and certain of our other outstanding debt arrangements include a restricted payment covenant, which 
restricts the ability of PBF Holding to make distributions to us, and we anticipate our future debt will contain a 
similar  restriction.  PBFX’s  five-year,  $360.0  million  revolving  credit  facility  (the  “PBFX  Revolving  Credit 

44

Facility”) and PBFX’s indenture governing its PBFX 2023 Senior Notes (as defined in Item 7. Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis) also contain covenants that limit or restrict PBFX’s ability and the ability of its restricted 
subsidiaries to make distributions and other restricted payments and restrict PBFX’s ability to incur liens and enter 
into burdensome agreements. In addition, there may be restrictions on payments by our subsidiaries under applicable 
laws, including laws that require companies to maintain minimum amounts of capital and to make payments to 
stockholders only from profits. For example, PBF Holding is generally prohibited under Delaware law from making 
a distribution to a member to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, 
liabilities of the limited liability company (with certain exceptions) exceed the fair value of its assets, and PBFX 
is subject to a similar prohibition. As a result, we may be unable to obtain that cash to satisfy our obligations and 
make payments to our stockholders, if any. 

The rights of other members of PBF LLC may conflict the interests of our Class A common stockholders.

The interests of the other members of PBF LLC, which include former directors and officers, may not in 
all cases be aligned with our Class A common stockholders’ interests. For example, these members may have 
different tax positions which could influence their positions, including regarding whether and when we dispose of 
assets and whether and when we incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, especially in light of the existence 
of the Tax Receivable Agreement described below. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into 
consideration these tax or other considerations even where no similar benefit would accrue to our Class A common 
stockholders or us. See “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions—IPO Related Agreements” in our 2018
Proxy Statement.

We will be required to pay the former and current holders of PBF LLC Series A Units and PBF LLC Series B 
Units for certain tax benefits we may claim arising in connection with our prior offerings and future exchanges 
of PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of our Class A Common Stock and related transactions, and the amounts 
we may pay could be significant. 

We are party to a Tax Receivable Agreement that provides for the payment from time to time by PBF Energy 
to the former and current holders of PBF LLC Series A Units and PBF LLC Series B Units of 85% of the benefits, 
if any, that PBF Energy is deemed to realize as a result of (i) the increases in tax basis resulting from its acquisitions 
of PBF LLC Series A Units, including such acquisitions in connection with our prior offerings or in the future and 
(ii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits 
attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. See “Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related 
Transactions, and Director Independence.”

We expect that the payments that we may make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial. 
As of December 31, 2017, we have recognized a liability for the Tax Receivable Agreement of $362.1 million
reflecting our estimate of the undiscounted amounts that we expect to pay under the agreement due to exchanges 
that occurred prior to that date, and to range over the next five years from approximately $30.0 million to $65.0 
million per year and decline thereafter. Future payments by us in respect of subsequent exchanges of PBF LLC 
Series A Units would be in addition to these amounts and are expected to be material as well. If PBF Energy does 
not have taxable income, PBF Energy generally is not required (absent a change of control or circumstances 
requiring an early termination payment) to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for that taxable 
year because no benefit will have been actually realized. However, any tax benefits that do not result in realized 
benefits in a given tax year will likely generate tax attributes that may be utilized to generate benefits in previous 
or future tax years. The utilization of such tax attributes will result in payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
The foregoing numbers are merely estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change due to various factors, 
including, among other factors, the timing of exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy’s 
Class A common stock as contemplated by the Tax Receivable Agreement, the price of PBF Energy’s Class A 
common stock at the time of such exchanges, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable, and the amount and 
timing of PBF Energy’s income. The actual payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could differ materially. 
It is possible that future transactions or events could increase or decrease the actual tax benefits realized and the 
corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement payments. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, 
as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, (i) the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the 

45

actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, and/or (ii) 
distributions to PBF Energy by PBF LLC are not sufficient to permit PBF Energy, after it has paid its taxes and 
other obligations, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The payments under the Tax Receivable 
Agreement are not conditioned upon any recipient’s continued ownership of us.

In certain cases, payments by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly 
exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
These provisions may deter a change in control of our Company. 

The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that upon certain changes of control, or if, at any time, PBF Energy 
elects an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, PBF Energy’s (or its successor’s) obligations with 
respect to exchanged or acquired PBF LLC Series A Units (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such 
transaction) would be based on certain assumptions, including (i) that PBF Energy would have sufficient taxable 
income to fully utilize the deductions arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other benefits 
related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement and (ii) that the subsidiaries of PBF LLC will sell certain 
nonamortizable assets (and realize certain related tax benefits) no later than a specified date. Moreover, in each of 
these instances, we would be required to make an immediate payment equal to the present value (at a discount rate 
equal to LIBOR plus 100 basis points) of the anticipated future tax benefits (based on the foregoing assumptions). 
Accordingly, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be made years in advance of the actual realization, 
if any, of the anticipated future tax benefits and may be significantly greater than the actual benefits we realize in 
respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. Assuming that the market value of a share 
of our Class A common stock equals $35.45 per share (the closing price on December 31, 2017) and that LIBOR 
were to be 1.85%, we estimate that, as of December 31, 2017 the aggregate amount of these accelerated payments 
would have been approximately $357.1 million if triggered immediately on such date. In these situations, our 
obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity. We 
may not be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and our existing indebtedness may 
limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make distributions to us to pay these obligations. These provisions may deter a 
potential sale of our Company to a third party and may otherwise make it less likely that a third party would enter 
into a change of control transaction with us. 

Moreover, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that 
we determine in accordance with the Tax Receivable Agreement. We will not be reimbursed for any payments 
previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement if the Internal Revenue Service subsequently disallows part 
or all of the tax benefits that gave rise to such prior payments. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could 
be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are significantly in excess of the benefits that we actually realize 
in respect of (i) the increases in tax basis resulting from our purchases or exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units 
and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits 
attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement.  

We cannot assure you that we will continue to declare dividends or have the available cash to make dividend 
payments.

Although we currently intend to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends on our Class A common stock, 
the declaration, amount and payment of any dividends will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. We 
are not obligated under any applicable laws, our governing documents or any contractual agreements with our 
existing and prior owners or otherwise to declare or pay any dividends or other distributions (other than the 
obligations of PBF LLC to make tax distributions to its members). Our board of directors may take into account, 
among other things, general economic conditions, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash 
and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, plans for expansion, including acquisitions, tax, legal, 
regulatory  and  contractual  restrictions  and  implications,  including  under  our  subsidiaries’  outstanding  debt 
documents, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant in determining whether to declare 
or pay any dividend. Because PBF Energy is a holding company with no material assets (other than the equity 
interests of its direct subsidiary), its cash flow and ability to pay dividends is dependent upon the financial results 
and cash flows of its indirect subsidiaries PBF Holding and PBFX and their respective operating subsidiaries and 

46

the distribution or other payment of cash to it in the form of dividends or otherwise. The direct and indirect 
subsidiaries of PBF Energy are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any funds 
available to it other than in the case of certain intercompany transactions. As a result, if we do not declare or pay 
dividends you may not receive any return on an investment in our Class A common stock unless you sell our Class 
A common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it.

Anti-takeover and certain other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law 
may discourage or delay a change in control.

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions which could make it more difficult for 

stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. Among other things, these provisions:

•  authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the 

shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval;

•  prohibit stockholder action by written consent;
• 

restrict certain business combinations with stockholders who obtain beneficial ownership of a certain 
percentage of our outstanding common stock;

•  provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, 
the chief executive officer or the board of directors, and establish advance notice procedures for the 
nomination of candidates for election as directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at 
stockholder meetings; and 

•  provide that our stockholders may only amend our bylaws with the approval of 75% or more of all of the 

outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote.

These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions of Delaware law may have the effect of delaying or 
deterring a change of control of our company. Certain provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make 
it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other 
corporate actions you desire. These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay 
in the future for shares of our Class A common stock.

The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment 
to decline.

The  market  price  of  our  Class A  common  stock  may  be  highly  volatile  and  could  be  subject  to  wide 

fluctuations due to a number of factors including: 

•  variations in actual or anticipated operating results or dividends, if any, to stockholders;
•  changes in, or failure to meet, earnings estimates of securities analysts;
•  market conditions in the oil refining industry and volatility in commodity prices;
• 

the impact of disruptions to crude or feedstock supply to any of our refineries, including disruptions due 
to problems with third party logistics infrastructure; 
litigation and government investigations;
the timing and announcement of any potential acquisitions and subsequent impact of any future acquisitions 
on our capital structure, financial condition or results of operations; 

•  changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof;
•  general economic and stock market conditions; and
• 

the availability for sale, or sales by us or our senior management, of a significant number of shares of our 
Class A common stock in the public market.

• 
• 

In addition, the stock markets generally may experience significant volatility, often unrelated to the operating 
performance of the individual companies whose securities are publicly traded. These and other factors may cause 
the market price of our Class A common stock to decrease significantly, which in turn would adversely affect the 
value of your investment. 

47

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, stockholders have 
often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result 
in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could significantly harm our 
profitability and reputation.

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade 
their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our Class A common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or 
securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our Class A 
common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our Class A common stock price 
may decline. If analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in 
the financial markets, which in turn could cause our Class A common stock price or trading volume to decline and 
our Class A common stock to be less liquid.

Future sales of our shares of Class A common stock could cause our stock price to decline. 

The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares 
of Class A common stock in the market or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility 
that these sales may occur, including sales related to financing acquisitions, also might make it more difficult for 
us to sell shares of Class A common stock in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. In addition, 
any shares of Class A common stock that we issue, including under any equity incentive plans, would dilute the 
percentage ownership of the holders of our Class A common stock. 

We are party to a registration rights agreement with the other members of PBF LLC pursuant to which we 
continue to be required to register under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws to register the resale 
of the shares of Class A common stock issuable to them upon exchange of all of the PBF LLC Series A Units held 
by them. We currently have an effective shelf registration statement covering the resale of up to 6,310,055 shares 
of our Class A common stock issued or issuable to existing holders of PBF LLC Series A Units, which shares may 
be sold from time to time in the public markets, subject to certain lock-up agreements. Our shares also may be 
sold under Rule 144 under the Securities Act depending on the holding period and subject to restrictions in the 
case of shares held by persons deemed to be our affiliates. 

Risks Related to Our Ownership of PBFX

We depend upon PBFX for a substantial portion of our refineries’ logistics needs and have obligations for 
minimum volume commitments in our commercial agreements with PBFX. 

We depend on PBFX to receive, handle, store and transfer crude oil, petroleum products and natural gas 
for us from our operations and sources located throughout the United States and Canada in support of certain of 
our  refineries  under  long-term,  fee-based  commercial  agreements  with  our  subsidiaries.  These  commercial 
agreements have an initial term of approximately seven to ten years and generally include minimum quarterly 
commitments and inflation escalators. If we fail to meet the minimum commitments during any calendar quarter, 
we will be required to make a shortfall payment quarterly to PBFX equal to the volume of the shortfall multiplied 
by the applicable fee. 

PBFX’s operations are subject to all of the risks and operational hazards inherent in receiving, handling, 
storing and transferring crude oil, petroleum products and natural gas, including: damages to its facilities, related 
equipment and surrounding properties caused by floods, fires, severe weather, explosions and other natural disasters 
and acts of terrorism; mechanical or structural failures at PBFX’s facilities or at third-party facilities on which its 
operations are dependent; curtailments of operations relative to severe seasonal weather; inadvertent damage to 
our facilities from construction, farm and utility equipment; and other hazards. Any of these events or factors could 
result in severe damage or destruction to PBFX’s assets or the temporary or permanent shut-down of PBFX’s 
facilities. If PBFX is unable to serve our logistics needs, our ability to operate our refineries and receive crude oil 

48

and distribute products could be adversely impacted, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 

In addition, as of December 31, 2017, PBF LLC owns 18,459,497 common units representing an aggregate 
44.1% limited partner interest in PBFX, as well as all of the incentive distribution rights and a non-economic 
general partner interest in PBFX. The inability of PBFX to continue operations, perform under its commercial 
arrangements with our subsidiaries or the occurrence of any of these risks or operational hazards, could also 
adversely impact the value of our investment in PBFX and, because PBFX is a consolidated entity, our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 

PBFX may not have sufficient available cash to pay any quarterly distribution on its units. Furthermore, PBFX 
is not required to make distributions to holders of units on a quarterly basis or otherwise, and may elect to 
distribute less than all of its available cash. 

PBFX may not have sufficient available cash from operating surplus each quarter to enable it to pay the 
minimum quarterly distribution. The amount of cash it can distribute on its units principally depends upon the 
amount of cash generated from its operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other 
things: the volume of crude oil and refined products it throughputs; PBFX’s entitlement to payments associated 
with minimum volume commitments; the fees it charges for the volumes throughput; the level of its operating, 
maintenance and general and administrative costs; and prevailing economic conditions. In addition, the actual 
amount of cash PBFX will have available for distribution will depend on other factors, some of which are beyond 
its control, including: the level and timing of capital expenditures it makes; the amount of its operating expenses 
and general and administrative expenses, and payment of the administrative fees for services provided to it by PBF 
GP and its affiliate; the cost of acquisitions, if any; debt service requirements and other liabilities; fluctuations in 
working capital needs; PBFX’s ability to borrow funds and access capital markets; restrictions contained in the 
PBFX Revolving Credit Facility, the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes and other debt service requirements; the amount 
of cash reserves established by PBF GP; and other business risks affecting cash levels. 

In addition, if PBFX issues additional units in connection with any acquisitions or expansion capital 
expenditures, the payment of distributions on those additional units may increase the risk that PBFX will be unable 
to maintain or increase its per unit distribution level. There are no limitations in the partnership agreement of PBFX 
on its ability to issue additional units, including units ranking senior to the outstanding units. The incurrence of 
additional borrowings or other debt to finance PBFX’s growth strategy would result in increased interest expense, 
which, in turn, may impact the cash that it has available to distribute to its unit holders (including us). Furthermore, 
the partnership agreement does not require PBFX to pay distributions on a quarterly basis or otherwise. The board 
of directors of PBF GP may at any time, for any reason, change its cash distribution policy or decide not to make 
any distributions (including to us). 

Increases in interest rates could adversely impact the price of PBFX’s units, PBFX’s ability to issue equity or 
incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and its ability to make cash distributions at its intended levels. 

Interest rates on future credit facilities and debt offerings could be higher than current levels, causing 
PBFX’s financing costs to increase accordingly. As with other yield-oriented securities, PBFX’s unit price is 
impacted by the level of its cash distributions and implied distribution yield. The distribution yield is often used 
by investors to compare and rank yield-oriented securities for investment decision-making purposes. Therefore, 
changes in interest rates, either positive or negative, may affect the yield requirements of investors who invest in 
PBFX, and a rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on the price of the units, PBFX’s ability 
to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and its ability to make cash distributions at intended 
levels, which could adversely impact the value of our investment in PBFX. 

49

PBF Energy will be required to pay taxes on its share of taxable income from PBF LLC and its other subsidiary 
flow-through entities (including PBFX), regardless of the amount of cash distributions PBF Energy receives 
from PBF LLC. 

The holders of limited liability company interests in PBF LLC, including PBF Energy, generally have to 
include for purposes of calculating their U.S. federal, state and local income taxes their share of any taxable income 
of PBF LLC, regardless of whether such holders receive cash distributions from PBF LLC. PBF Energy ultimately 
may not receive cash distributions from PBF LLC equal to its share of the taxable income of PBF LLC or even 
equal to the actual tax due with respect to that income. For example, PBF LLC is required to include in taxable 
income PBF LLC’s allocable share of PBFX’s taxable income and gains (such share to be determined pursuant to 
the partnership agreement of PBFX), regardless of the amount of cash distributions received by PBF LLC from 
PBFX, and such taxable income and gains will flow-through to PBF Energy to the extent of its allocable share of 
the taxable income of PBF LLC. As a result, at certain times, including during the subordination period for the 
subordinated units, the amount of cash otherwise ultimately available to PBF Energy on account of its indirect 
interest in PBFX may not be sufficient for PBF Energy to pay the amount of taxes it will owe on account of its 
indirect interests in PBFX.  

If PBFX was to be treated as a corporation, rather than as a partnership, for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
or if PBFX was otherwise subject to entity-level taxation, PBFX’s cash available for distribution to its unit 
holders, including to us, would be reduced, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of units, including 
the units held by us. 

The  present  U.S.  federal  income  tax  treatment  of  publicly  traded  partnerships,  including  PBFX,  or  an 
investment in its common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any 
time. For example, from time to time the U.S. Congress considers substantive changes to the existing federal 
income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax 
laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or 
impossible for PBFX to meet the exception to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We 
are unable to predict whether any of these changes, or other proposals, will ultimately be enacted. Any such changes 
could negatively impact the value of an investment in PBFX common units.

If PBFX were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it would pay U.S. federal income 
tax on income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 21% under the TCJA, and would likely 
be liable for state income tax at varying rates. Distributions to PBFX unitholders would generally be taxed again 
as  corporate  distributions,  and  no  income,  gains,  losses,  deductions  or  credits  would  flow  through  to  PBFX 
unitholders. Because taxes would be imposed upon PBFX as a corporation, the cash available for distribution to 
PBFX unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, PBFX’s treatment as a corporation would result in 
a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to PBFX unitholders, likely causing a substantial 
reduction in the value of the units. 

All of the executive officers and a majority of the directors of PBF GP are also current or former officers of 
PBF Energy. Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of this arrangement. 

PBF Energy indirectly owns and controls PBF GP, and appoints all of its officers and directors. All of the 
executive officers and a majority of the directors of PBF GP are also current or former officers or directors of PBF 
Energy. These individuals will devote significant time to the business of PBFX. Although the directors and officers 
of PBF GP have a fiduciary duty to manage PBF GP in a manner that is beneficial to PBF Energy, as directors and 
officers of PBF GP they also have certain duties to PBFX and its unit holders. Conflicts of interest may arise 
between PBF Energy and its affiliates, including PBF GP, on the one hand, and PBFX and its unit holders, on the 
other hand. In resolving these conflicts of interest, PBF GP may favor its own interests and the interests of PBFX 
over the interests of PBF Energy. In certain circumstances, PBF GP may refer any conflicts of interest or potential 
conflicts of interest between PBFX, on the one hand, and PBF Energy, on the other hand, to its conflicts committee 
(which must consist entirely of independent directors) for resolution, which conflicts committee must act in the 

50

best interests of the public unit holders of PBFX. As a result, PBF GP may manage the business of PBFX in a way 
that may differ from the best interests of PBF Energy or its stockholders. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

See “Item 1. Business”.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On July 24, 2013, the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control (“DNREC”) 
issued a Notice of Administrative Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order to Delaware City Refining for alleged 
air emission violations that occurred during the re-start of the refinery in 2011 and subsequent to the re-start. The 
penalty assessment seeks $460,200 in penalties and $69,030 in cost recovery for DNREC’s expenses associated 
with investigation of the incidents. We dispute the amount of the penalty assessment and allegations made in the 
order, and are in discussions with DNREC to resolve the assessment. It is possible that DNREC will assess a 
penalty in this matter but any such amount is not expected to be material to us.

At the time we acquired the Chalmette refinery it was subject to a Consolidated Compliance Order and 
Notice of Potential Penalty (the “Order”) issued by the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (“LDEQ”) 
covering deviations from 2009 and 2010. Chalmette Refining and LDEQ subsequently entered into a dispute 
resolution agreement to negotiate the resolution of deviations inside and outside the periods covered by the Order. 
Although  a  settlement  agreement  has  not  been  finalized,  the  administrative  penalty  is  anticipated  to  be 
approximately  $41,000,  including  beneficial  environmental  projects. To  the  extent  the  administrative  penalty 
exceeds such amount, it is not expected to be material to us

The Delaware City refinery is appealing a Notice of Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order issued in 
March 2017, including a $150,000 fine, alleging violation of a 2013 Secretary’s Order authorizing crude oil shipment 
by barge. DNREC determined that the Delaware City refinery had violated the order by failing to make timely and 
full disclosure to DNREC about the nature and extent of those shipments, and had misrepresented the number of 
shipments that went to other facilities. The Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order conclude that the 2013 
Secretary’s Order was violated by the refinery by shipping crude oil from the Delaware City terminal to three 
locations other than the Paulsboro refinery, on 15 days in 2014, making a total of 17 separate barge shipments 
containing approximately 35.7 million gallons of crude oil in total. On April 28, 2017, the Delaware City refinery 
appealed the Notice of Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order. The hearing of the appeal is scheduled for 
February 2018. To the extent that the penalty and Secretary’s Order are upheld, there will not be a material adverse 
effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

On December 28, 2016, DNREC issued the Ethanol Permit to DCR allowing the utilization of existing tanks 
and existing marine loading equipment at their existing facilities to enable denatured ethanol to be loaded from 
storage tanks to marine vessels and shipped to offsite facilities. On January 13, 2017, the issuance of the Ethanol 
Permit was appealed by two environmental groups. On February 27, 2017, the Coastal Zone Board held a public 
hearing and dismissed the appeal, determining that the appellants did not have standing. The appellants filed an 
appeal of the Coastal Zone Board’s decision with the Superior Court on March 30, 2017. On January 19, 2018, 
the Superior Court rendered an Opinion regarding the decision of the Coastal Zone Board to dismiss the appeal of 
the Ethanol Permit for the ethanol project. The judge determined that the record created by the Coastal Zone Board 
was insufficient for the Superior Court to make a decision, and therefore remanded the case back to the Coastal 
Zone Board to address the deficiency in the record. Specifically, the Superior Court directed the Coastal Zone 
Board to address any evidence concerning whether the appellants’ claimed injuries would be affected by the 
increased quantity of ethanol shipments. During the hearing before the Coastal Zone Board on standing, one of 
the appellants’ witnesses made a reference to the flammability of ethanol, without any indication of the significance 

51

of flammability/explosivity to specific concerns. Moreover, the appellants did not introduce at hearing any evidence 
of the relative flammability of ethanol as compared to other materials shipped to and from the refinery. However, 
the sole dissenting opinion from the Coastal Zone Board focused on the flammability/explosivity issue, alleging 
that the appellants’ testimony raised the issue as a distinct basis for potential harms. Once the Board responds to 
the remand, it will go back to the Superior Court to complete its analysis and issue a decision.

At the time we acquired the Toledo refinery, the EPA had initiated an investigation into the compliance of 
the refinery with EPA standards governing flaring pursuant to Section 114 of the Clean Air Act.  On February 1, 
2013, the EPA issued an Amended Notice of Violation, and on September 20, 2013, the EPA issued a Notice of 
Violation and Finding of Violation to Toledo Refining, alleging certain violations of the Clean Air Act at its Plant 
4 and Plant 9 flares since the acquisition of the refinery on March 1, 2011.  Toledo Refining and the EPA subsequently 
entered into tolling agreements pending settlement discussions.  Although a resolution has not been finalized, the 
EPA has proposed that the Toledo refinery pay a civil administrative penalty of $741,000 including supplemental 
environmental projects. To the extent the administrative penalty exceeds such amount, it is not expected to be 
material to us.

In connection with the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets, we assumed certain 
pre-existing environmental liabilities related to certain environmental remediation obligations to address existing 
soil and groundwater contamination and monitoring activities, which reflect the estimated cost of the remediation 
obligations. In addition, in connection with the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets, we 
purchased a ten year, $100.0 million environmental insurance policy to insure against unknown environmental 
liabilities.  Furthermore,  in  connection  with  the  acquisition,  we  assumed  responsibility  for  certain  specified 
environmental matters that occurred prior to our ownership of the refinery and logistic assets, including specified 
incidents  and/or  NOVs  issued  by  regulatory  agencies  in  various  years  before  our  ownership,  including  the 
SCAQMD and Cal/OSHA. Following the closing of the acquisition, further NOVs were issued by the SCAQMD, 
Cal/OSHA, the City of Torrance, and the Torrance Fire Department. No settlement or penalty demand in excess 
of $100,000 has been made or received with respect to these NOVs and preliminary findings. It is reasonably 
possible that the SCAQMD, Cal/OSHA and/or the City of Torrance will assess penalties in the other matters in 
excess of $100,000 but any such amount is not expected to be material to us, individually or in the aggregate.

On September 2, 2011, prior to our ownership of the Chalmette refinery, the plaintiff in Vincent Caruso, et 
al. v. Chalmette Refining, L.L.C., filed an action on behalf of himself and potentially several thousand other 
Louisiana residents who live or own property in St. Bernard Parish and Orleans Parish and whose property was 
allegedly contaminated and who allegedly suffered any property damages and clean-up costs as a result of an 
emission of spent catalyst from the Chalmette refinery on September 6, 2010. Plaintiffs claim to have suffered 
injuries, symptoms, and property damage as a result of the release, although the trial court has limited recovery to 
property damages and clean-up expenses. Plaintiffs seek to recover unspecified damages, interest and costs. In  
2016, there was a mini-trial for four plaintiffs for property damage relating to home and vehicle cleaning and the 
trial court rendered judgment awarding damages related to the cost for home cleaning and vehicle cleaning to the 
four plaintiffs. The trial court found Chalmette Refining and co-defendant Eaton Corporation (“Eaton”), to be 
solidarily liable for the damages. Chalmette Refining and Eaton filed an appeal in August 2016 of the judgment 
on the mini-trial and on June 28, 2017, the appellate court unanimously reversed the judgment awarding damages 
to the plaintiffs. On July 12, 2017, the plaintiffs filed for a rehearing of the appellate court judgment, which was 
denied on July 31, 2017. As a result of the appellate court’s judgment, the potential amount of the claims is not 
determinable. Depending upon the ultimate class size and the nature of the claims, the outcome may have a material 
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

On December 5, 1990, prior to our ownership of the Chalmette refinery, the plaintiff in Adam Thomas, et 
al. v. Exxon Mobil Corporation and Chalmette Refining, L.L.C., filed an action on behalf of himself and potentially 
thousands of other individuals in St. Bernard Parish and Plaquemines Parish who were allegedly exposed to 
hydrogen sulfide and sulfur dioxide as a result of more than 100 separate flaring events that occurred between 
1989 and 2007. This litigation is proceeding as a mass action with individually named plaintiffs as a result of a 
2008 trial court decision, affirmed by the court of appeals, that denied class certification.  The Plaintiffs claim to 

52

have suffered physical injuries, property damage, and other damages as a result of the releases. Plaintiffs seek to 
recover unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, interest, and costs.  The state trial court has scheduled 
a mini-trial of up to 10 plaintiffs in May 2018, relating to 5 separate flaring events that occurred between 2002 
and 2007. Because of the number of potential claimants is unknown and the differing events underlying the claims, 
the potential amount of the claims is not determinable.  It is possible that an adverse outcome may have a material 
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

On February 17, 2017, in Arnold Goldstein, et al. v. Exxon Mobil Corporation, et al., we and PBF Energy 
Company LLC, and our subsidiaries, PBF Energy Western Region LLC and Torrance Refining Company LLC and 
the manager of our Torrance refinery along with Exxon Mobil Corporation were named as defendants in a class 
action and representative action complaint filed on behalf of Arnold Goldstein, John Covas, Gisela Janette La Bella 
and others similarly situated. The complaint was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of 
Los Angeles  and  alleges  negligence,  strict  liability,  ultrahazardous  activity,  a  continuing  private  nuisance,  a 
permanent private nuisance, a continuing public nuisance, a permanent public nuisance and trespass resulting from 
the February 18, 2015 electrostatic precipitator (“ESP”) explosion at the Torrance Refinery which was then owned 
and operated by Exxon. The operation of the Torrance Refinery by the PBF entities subsequent to our acquisition 
in July 2016 is also referenced in the complaint. To the extent that plaintiffs’ claims relate to the ESP explosion, 
Exxon has retained responsibility for any liabilities that would arise from the lawsuit pursuant to the agreement 
relating to the acquisition of the Torrance Refinery. This matter is in the initial stages of discovery and we cannot 
currently estimate the amount or the timing of its resolution. We presently believe the outcome will not have a 
material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

We are subject to obligations to purchase RINs. On February 15, 2017, we received notification that EPA 
records indicated that PBF Holding used potentially invalid RINs that were in fact verified under the EPA’s RIN 
Quality Assurance Program (“QAP”) by an independent auditor as QAP A RINs. Under the regulations use of 
potentially invalid QAP A RINs provided the user with an affirmative defense from civil penalties provided certain 
conditions are met. We have asserted the affirmative defense and if accepted by the EPA will not be required to 
replace these RINs and will not be subject to civil penalties under the program. It is reasonably possible that the 
EPA will not accept our defense and may assess penalties in these matters but any such amount is not expected to 
have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

As of January 1, 2011, we are required to comply with the EPA’s Control of Hazardous Air Pollutants From 
Mobile Sources, or MSAT2, regulations on gasoline that impose reductions in the benzene content of our produced 
gasoline. We purchase benzene credits to meet these requirements. Our planned capital projects will reduce the 
amount of benzene credits that we need to purchase. In addition, the renewable fuel standards mandate the blending 
of prescribed percentages of renewable fuels (e.g., ethanol and biofuels) into our produced gasoline and diesel. 
These new requirements, other requirements of the CAA and other presently existing or future environmental 25 
regulations may cause us to make substantial capital expenditures as well as the purchase of credits at significant 
cost, to enable our refineries to produce products that meet applicable requirements. 

CERCLA, also known as “Superfund,” imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original 
conduct, on certain classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of a “hazardous substance” 
into the environment. These persons include the current or former owner or operator of the disposal site or sites 
where the release occurred and companies that disposed of or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances. 
Under CERCLA, such persons may be subject to joint and several liability for investigation and the costs of cleaning 
up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and 
for the costs of certain health studies. As discussed more fully above, certain of our sites are subject to these laws 
and we may be held liable for investigation and remediation costs or claims for natural resource damages. It is not 
uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property 
damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other pollutants released into the environment. Analogous 
state laws impose similar responsibilities and liabilities on responsible parties. In our current normal operations, 
we have generated waste, some of which falls within the statutory definition of a “hazardous substance” and some 
of which may have been disposed of at sites that may require cleanup under Superfund.

53

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

None.

54

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information

PBF Energy Class A common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “PBF.” Our 

Class B common stock is not publicly traded.

As of February 20, 2018 there were 122 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 24 holders of 

record of our Class B common stock.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of our Class A common 
stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange for the prior two fiscal years and dividends declared on such 
stock for the same periods. 

 
 
2017
First Quarter ended March 31, 2017
Second Quarter ended June 30, 2017
Third Quarter ended September 30, 2017
Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2017
2016
First Quarter ended March 31, 2016
Second Quarter ended June 30, 2016
Third Quarter ended September 30, 2016
Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2016

Dividend and Distribution Policy

Sales Prices of  the

Common Stock

High

Low

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

28.92
23.52
28.31
36.07

38.27
35.67
24.47
30.98

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

20.44
18.48
19.46
26.24

25.60
21.87
20.57
19.47

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

Dividends

Per

Common Share

0.30
0.30
0.30
0.30

0.30
0.30
0.30
0.30

Subject to the following paragraphs, PBF Energy currently intends to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends 
of approximately $0.30 per share on its Class A common stock. The declaration, amount and payment of this and 
any other future dividends on shares of Class A common stock will be at the sole discretion of PBF Energy’s board 
of directors.

PBF Energy is a holding company and has no material assets other than its ownership interests of PBF LLC. 
In order for PBF Energy to pay any dividends, it needs to cause PBF LLC to make distributions to it and the holders 
of PBF LLC Series A Units, and PBF LLC needs to cause PBF Holding and/or PBFX to make distributions to it, 
in at least an amount sufficient to cover cash dividends, if any, declared by PBF Energy. Each of PBF Holding and 
PBFX is generally prohibited under Delaware law from making a distribution to a member to the extent that, at 
the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, liabilities of the limited liability company (with 
certain exceptions) exceed the fair value of its assets. As a result, PBF LLC may be unable to obtain cash from 
PBF Holding and/or PBFX to satisfy its obligations and make distributions to PBF Energy for dividends, if any, 
to PBF Energy’s stockholders. If PBF LLC makes such distributions to PBF Energy, the holders of PBF LLC Series 
A Units will also be entitled to receive pro rata distributions. 

The ability of PBF Holding to pay dividends and make distributions to PBF LLC is, and in the future may 
be, limited by covenants in its Revolving Loan, the Senior Notes and other debt instruments. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Revolving Loan and the indentures governing the Senior Notes prohibit PBF Holding from making 

55

distributions to PBF LLC if certain defaults exist. In addition, both the indentures and the Revolving Loan contain 
additional restrictions limiting PBF Holding’s ability to make distributions to PBF LLC. 

PBFX intends to make a minimum quarterly distribution to the holders of its common units, including PBF 
LLC, of at least $0.30 per unit, or $1.20 per unit on an annualized basis, to the extent PBFX has sufficient cash 
from  operations  after  the  establishment  of  cash  reserves  and  the  payment  of  costs  and  expenses,  including 
reimbursements of expenses to PBFX’s general partner. However, there is no guarantee that PBFX will pay the 
minimum quarterly distribution or any amount on the units we own in any quarter. Even if PBFX’s cash distribution 
policy is not modified or revoked, the amount of distributions paid under the policy and the decision to make any 
distribution  is  determined  by  its  general  partner,  taking  into  consideration  the  terms  of  PBFX’s  partnership 
agreement and debt facilities.

PBF Holding made $61.1 million in distributions to PBF LLC during the year ended December 31, 2017. 
PBF LLC used $136.4 million, which included $58.6 million distributed from PBF Holding, to make four separate 
non-tax distributions of $0.30 per unit ($1.20 per unit in total) to its members, of which $131.8 million was 
distributed to PBF Energy and the balance was distributed to PBF LLC’s other members. PBF Energy used this 
$131.8 million to pay four separate equivalent cash dividends of $0.30 per share of Class A common stock on 
March 13, 2017, May 31, 2017, August 31, 2017 and November 29, 2017. There were no tax distributions to PBF 
LLC members in 2017. In addition, PBFX made aggregate quarterly distributions of $86.5 million ($1.86 per unit) 
during the year ended December 31, 2017 to holders of its common units, of which $41.9 million was paid to PBF 
LLC including payments related to IDRs.

PBF LLC owns all of the IDRs of PBFX. The IDRs entitle PBF LLC to receive increasing percentages, up 
to a maximum of 50.0%, of the cash PBFX distributes from operating surplus in excess of $0.345 per unit per 
quarter. The maximum distribution of 50.0% includes distributions paid to PBF LLC on its partnership interest. 
The maximum distribution of 50.0% does not include any distributions that PBF LLC may receive on common 
units that it owns. PBFX made IDR payments of $7.6 million to PBF LLC based on its distributions for the year 
ended December 31, 2017.

PBF LLC expects to continue to make tax distributions to its members in accordance with its amended and 

restated limited liability company agreement.

56

Stock Performance Graph
In accordance with SEC rules, the information contained in the Stock Performance Graph below shall not 
be deemed to be “soliciting material,” or to be “filed” with the SEC, or subject to the SEC’s Regulation 14A or 
14C, other than as provided under Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that we specifically request that the information be treated 
as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.

This performance graph and the related textual information are based on historical data and are not indicative 
of future performance. The following line graph compares the cumulative total return on an investment in our 
common stock against the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Composite Index and an index of peer companies 
(that we selected) for the periods commencing December 31, 2012 through December 31, 2017. Our peer group 
consists of the following companies that are engaged in refining operations in the U.S.: Andeavor; CVR Energy, 
Inc.; Delek US Holdings, Inc.; HollyFrontier Corporation; Marathon Petroleum Corporation; Phillips 66; and 
Valero Energy Corporation.

PBF Energy Inc. Class A Common Stock
S&P 500
Peer Group

12/31/2012
100.00
$
100.00
100.00

12/31/2013
112.70
$
132.39
145.76

12/31/2014
99.83
$
150.51
143.36

12/31/2015
143.37
$
152.59
179.44

12/31/2016
113.91
$
170.84
180.23

12/31/2017
152.14
$
208.14
239.53

57

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities—Exchange of PBF LLC Series A Units for Class A Common 
Stock

In the fourth quarter of 2017, a total of 78,758 PBF LLC Series A Units were exchanged for 78,758 shares 
of our Class A common stock in transactions exempt from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. 
We received no other consideration in connection with these exchanges. No exchanges were made by any of our 
directors or executive officers. 

Share Repurchase Program

Our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $300.0 million of our Class A common stock (as 
amended from time to time, the “Repurchase Program”), which expires on September 30, 2018. These repurchases 
may  be  made  from  time  to  time  through  various  methods,  including  open  market  transactions,  block  trades, 
accelerated share repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, certain of which may be effected 
through Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 plans. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety 
of factors, including price, capital availability, legal requirements and economic and market conditions. We are 
not  obligated  to  purchase  any  shares  under  the  Repurchase  Program,  and  repurchases  may  be  suspended  or 
discontinued at any time without prior notice.

There were no repurchases of our Class A Common Stock during the fourth quarter of 2017. For the period 
of time from the inception of the Repurchase Program through December 31, 2017, we purchased 6,050,717 shares 
for $150.8 million. As of December 31, 2017, we had $149.2 million remaining authorization under the Repurchase 
Program.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table provides information about the securities authorized for issuance under our equity 

compensation plans as of December 31, 2017. 

 
 

Equity Compensation Plan Information

(A)

(B)

(C)

 
Approved by stockholders:
2012 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended)
2017 Equity Incentive Plan
Equity compensation plans not approved
by security holders
Total

Number of

securities to be
issued upon
exercise of
outstanding

options, warrants

and rights

Weighted-average
exercise price of

outstanding

options, warrants,

and rights

Number of securities
remaining available for
future issuance under
equity compensation

securities reflected in

plans (excluding
column (A))(1)

6,017,775
865,000

—
6,882,775

$

$

27.08
28.62

—
27.27

— (2)

3,072,125

—
3,072,125

(1) Securities available for future issuance under the plan can be issued in various forms, including, without 
limitation, restricted stock and stock options.
(2) The Amended and Restated 2012 Plan currently has no shares remaining for future issuance; it has been 
superseded by the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.

58

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data of PBF Energy. The selected 
historical consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for each of the three years in the 
period ended December 31, 2017, have been derived from our audited financial statements, included in “Item 8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” The selected historical consolidated financial data as of December 
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from the audited 
financial statements of PBF Energy not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result of the Chalmette 
and Torrance acquisitions, the historical consolidated financial results of PBF Energy only include the results of 
operations for the Chalmette and Torrance refineries from November 1, 2015 and July 1, 2016 forward, respectively.

The  historical  consolidated  financial  data  and  other  statistical  data  presented  below  should  be  read  in 
conjunction  with  “Item 7.  Management’s  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of 
Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, included in “Item 8. Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.”

The consolidated financial information may not be indicative of our future financial condition, results of 

operations or cash flows.

As discussed in “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of our Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial  Statements,  during  the  year  ended  December 31,  2017,  we  determined  that  we  would  revise  the 
presentation of certain line items on our consolidated statements of operations to enhance our disclosure under the 
requirements of Rule 5-03 of Regulation S-X. The revised presentation is comprised of the inclusion of a subtotal 
within costs and expenses referred to as “Cost of sales” and the reclassification of total depreciation and amortization 
expense between such amounts attributable to cost of sales and other operating costs and expenses. The amount 
of depreciation and amortization expense that is presented separately within the “Cost of sales” subtotal represents 
depreciation and amortization of refining and logistics assets that are integral to the refinery production process. 
The historical comparative information has been revised to conform to the current presentation. This revised 
presentation does not have an effect on our historical consolidated income from operations or net income, nor does 
it have any impact on our consolidated balance sheets, statements of comprehensive income or statements of cash 
flows.

59

 
 

Statement of operations data:
Revenues
Cost and expenses:

Cost of products and other
Operating expenses (excluding depreciation
and amortization expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense

Cost of sales

General and administrative expenses 
(excluding depreciation and amortization 
expense as reflected below) (1)
Depreciation and amortization expense
Loss (gain) on sale of asset

Total cost and expenses
Income from operations
Other income (expense):

Change in Tax Receivable Agreement liability
Change in fair value of catalyst leases
Debt extinguishment costs
Interest expense, net

Income before income taxes
Income tax expense (benefit)
Net income

Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests

Net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc.
stockholders
Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock
outstanding:
Basic
Diluted

Net income (loss) available to Class A common
stock per share:

Basic
Diluted

Dividends per common share
Balance sheet data (at end of period) :

Total assets
Total debt (2)
Total equity

Other financial data :

Capital expenditures (3)

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

$

21,786,637

$

15,920,424

$

13,123,929

$

19,828,155

$

19,151,455

18,863,621

13,598,341

11,481,614

18,471,203

17,803,314

1,685,611
277,992
20,827,224

214,773
12,964
1,458
21,056,419
730,218

250,922
(2,247)
(25,451)
(154,427)
799,015
315,584
483,431

1,423,198
216,341
15,237,880

166,452
5,835
11,374
15,421,541
498,883

12,908
1,422
—
(150,045)
363,168
137,650
225,518

904,525
187,729
12,573,868

181,266
9,688
(1,004)
12,763,818
360,111

18,150
10,184
—
(106,187)
282,258
86,725
195,533

883,140
166,799
19,521,142

146,661
13,583
(895)
19,680,491
147,664

2,990
3,969
—
(98,764)
55,859
(22,412)
78,271

67,914

54,707

49,132

116,508

812,652
98,622
18,714,588

95,794
12,857
(183)
18,823,056
328,399

(8,540)
4,691
—
(93,784)
230,766
16,681
214,085

174,545

$

415,517

$

170,811

$

146,401

$

(38,237) $

39,540

109,779,407
113,898,845

98,334,302
103,606,709

88,106,999
94,138,850

74,464,494
74,464,494

32,488,369
33,061,081

$
$
$

$

$

$
$
$

$

3.78
3.73
1.20

8,117,993
2,226,109
2,902,949

$
$
$

$

1.74
1.74
1.20

7,621,927
2,180,700
2,570,684

$
$
$

$

1.66
1.65
1.20

6,105,124
1,881,637
2,095,857

(0.51) $
(0.51) $
1.20
$

1.22
1.20
1.20

$

5,164,008
1,260,349
1,693,316

4,413,808
747,576
1,715,256

727,035

$

1,612,871

$

981,080

$

631,332

$

415,702

——————————

(1)  Includes acquisition related expenses consisting primarily of consulting and legal expenses related to the 
Torrance Acquisition, PBFX Plains Asset Purchase, Chalmette Acquisition and other pending and non-
consummated  acquisitions  of  $1.0  million,  $17.5  million  and  $5.8  million  in  2017,  2016  and  2015, 
respectively. 

(2)  Total debt, excluding debt issuance costs, includes current maturities, our Note payable and our Delaware 
Economic Development Authority Loan (which was fully converted to a grant as of December 31, 2016). 
(3)  Includes expenditures for acquisitions, construction in progress, property, plant and equipment (including 
railcar purchases), deferred turnaround costs and other assets, excluding the proceeds from sales of assets.

60

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following review of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with 
Items 1, 1A, and 2, “Business, Risk Factors, and Properties,” Item 6, “Selected Financial Data,” and Item 8, 
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” respectively, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR THE PURPOSE OF SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE 
PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain “forward-looking statements,” as defined in the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (“PSLRA”), of expected future developments that involve risks and 
uncertainties.  You  can  identify  forward-looking  statements  because  they  contain  words  such  as  “believes,” 
“expects,” “may,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “anticipates” or similar 
expressions that relate to our strategy, plans or intentions. All statements we make relating to our estimated and 
projected earnings, margins, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results or to our strategies, 
objectives, intentions, resources and expectations regarding future industry trends are forward-looking statements 
made under the safe harbor of the PSLRA except to the extent such statements relate to the operations of a partnership 
or limited liability company. In addition, we, through our senior management, from time to time make forward-
looking public statements concerning our expected future operations and performance and other developments. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, 
our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. We derive many of our forward-looking 
statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we 
believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known 
factors, and, of course, it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. 

Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, which we refer 
to as “cautionary statements,” are disclosed under “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-
K. All forward-looking information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent written and oral forward-
looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by 
the cautionary statements. Some of the factors that we believe could affect our results include:

• supply, demand, prices and other market conditions for our products, including volatility in commodity prices;

•  the effects of competition in our markets;
• changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and capital costs;
•  adverse developments in our relationship with both our key employees and unionized employees;
• our ability to operate our businesses efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs (including general 
and administrative expenses) and generate earnings and cash flow;
• our indebtedness;
• our supply and inventory intermediation arrangements expose us to counterparty credit and performance risk; 
• termination of our A&R Intermediation Agreements with J. Aron, which could have a material adverse effect 
on our liquidity, as we would be required to finance our intermediate and refined products inventory covered 
by the agreements. Additionally, we are obligated to repurchase from J. Aron certain intermediates and finished 
products  located  at  the  Paulsboro  and  Delaware  City  refineries’  storage  tanks  upon  termination  of  these 
agreements;
• restrictive covenants in our indebtedness that may adversely affect our operational flexibility;
• payments to the current and former holders of PBF LLC Series A Units and PBF LLC Series B Units under 
our Tax Receivable Agreement for certain tax benefits we may claim; 

61

• our  assumptions  regarding  payments  arising  under  PBF  Energy’s Tax  Receivable Agreement  and  other 
arrangements relating to our organizational structure are subject to change due to various factors, including, 
among other factors, the timing of exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of our Class A common 
stock as contemplated by the Tax Receivable Agreement, the price of our Class A common stock at the time 
of such exchanges, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable, and the amount and timing of our income; 
• our expectations and timing with respect to our acquisition activity and whether such acquisitions are accretive 
or dilutive to shareholders; 
• our expectations with respect to our capital improvement and turnaround projects;
• the status of an air permit to transfer crude through the Delaware City refinery’s dock;
• the impact of disruptions to crude or feedstock supply to any of our refineries, including disruptions due to 
problems at PBFX or with third party logistics infrastructure or operations, including pipeline, marine and 
rail transportation;
• the possibility that we might reduce or not make further dividend payments;
• the inability of our subsidiaries to freely pay dividends or make distributions to us;
• the impact of current and future laws, rulings and governmental regulations, including the implementation  
of rules and regulations regarding transportation of crude oil by rail;
• the impact of the newly enacted federal income tax legislation on our business; 
• the  effectiveness  of  our  crude  oil  sourcing  strategies,  including  our  crude  by  rail  strategy  and  related 
commitments;
• adverse impacts from changes in our regulatory environment, such as the effects of compliance with the 
California Global Warming Solutions Act (also referred to as “AB32”), or from actions taken by environmental 
interest groups; 
• market risks related to the volatility in the price of RINs required to comply with the Renewable Fuel Standards 
and GHG emission credits required to comply with various GHG emission programs, such as AB32;
• our ability to successfully integrate recently completed acquisitions into our business and realize the benefits 
from such acquisitions; 
• liabilities arising from recent acquisitions that are unforeseen or exceed our expectations; 
• risk associated with the operation of PBFX as a separate, publicly-traded entity;
• potential tax consequences related to our investment in PBFX; and 
• any decisions we continue to make with respect to our energy-related logistical assets that may be transferred 
to PBFX.

We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors may not contain all of the material factors that 
are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-
looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not in fact occur. Accordingly, investors 
should not place undue reliance on those statements.

Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as 
required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update or revise 
any forward-looking statements. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or 
persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing.

62

Explanatory Note 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed by PBF Energy which is a holding company whose primary asset 
is an equity interest in PBF LLC. PBF Energy is the sole managing member of, and owner of an equity interest 
representing approximately 96.7% of the outstanding economic interests in PBF LLC as of December 31, 2017. 
PBF Energy operates and controls all of the business and affairs and consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC 
and its subsidiaries. PBF LLC is a holding company for the companies that directly and indirectly own and operate 
the business. 

Unless  the  context  indicates  otherwise,  the  terms  “we,”  “us,”  and  “our”  refer  to  PBF  Energy  and  its 
consolidated subsidiaries, including PBF LLC, PBF Holding and its subsidiaries and PBFX and its subsidiaries. 

Executive Summary

Our business operations are conducted by PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. We were formed in March 2008 
to pursue the acquisitions of crude oil refineries and downstream assets in North America. We currently own and 
operate five domestic oil refineries and related assets located in Toledo, Ohio, Delaware City, Delaware, Paulsboro, 
New Jersey, New Orleans, Louisiana and Torrance, California. Our refineries have a combined processing capacity, 
known as throughput, of approximately 900,000 bpd, and a weighted average Nelson Complexity Index of 12.2. 
We operate in two reportable business segments: Refining and Logistics. Our five oil refineries are all engaged in 
the refining of crude oil and other feedstocks into petroleum products, and are aggregated into the Refining segment. 
PBFX operates certain logistical assets such as crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, and 
storage facilities, which are aggregated into the Logistics segment.

Factors Affecting Comparability

Our results over the past three years have been affected by the following events, the understanding of which 

will aid in assessing the comparability of our period to period financial performance and financial condition.

Torrance Acquisition 

On July 1, 2016, we acquired from ExxonMobil and its subsidiary, Mobil Pacific Pipeline Company, the 
Torrance refinery and related logistics assets. The Torrance refinery, located on 750 acres in Torrance, California, 
is a high-conversion 155,000 bpd, delayed-coking refinery with a Nelson Complexity Index of 14.9. The facility 
is strategically positioned in Southern California with advantaged logistics connectivity that offers flexible raw 
material sourcing and product distribution opportunities primarily in the California, Las Vegas and Phoenix area 
markets. The Torrance Acquisition increased our total throughput capacity to approximately 900,000 bpd.

In addition to refining assets, the Torrance Acquisition included a number of high-quality logistics assets 
consisting of a sophisticated network of crude and products pipelines, product distribution terminals and refinery 
crude and product storage facilities. The most significant of the logistics assets is a 189-mile crude gathering and 
transportation system which delivers San Joaquin Valley crude oil directly from the field to the refinery. Additionally, 
included in the transaction were several pipelines which provide access to sources of crude oil including the Ports 
of Long Beach and Los Angeles, as well as clean product outlets with a direct pipeline supplying jet fuel to the 
Los Angeles airport. The Torrance refinery also has crude and product storage facilities with approximately 8.6 
million barrels of shell capacity.

The purchase price for the assets was approximately $521.4 million in cash after post-closing purchase price 
adjustments, plus final working capital of $450.6 million. The final purchase price and fair value allocation were 
completed as of June 30, 2017. During the measurement period, which ended in June 2017, adjustments were made 
to our preliminary fair value estimates related primarily to Property, plant and equipment and Other long-term 
liabilities reflecting the finalization of our assessment of the costs and duration of certain assumed pre-existing 
environmental obligations. The transaction was financed through a combination of cash on hand, including proceeds 
from certain equity offerings, and borrowings under our Revolving Loan. 

63

PBF Energy Inc. Public Offerings

As a result of the initial public offering and related reorganization transactions, PBF Energy became the 
sole managing member of PBF LLC with a controlling voting interest in PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. Effective 
with completion of the initial public offering, PBF Energy consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC and its 
subsidiaries and records a noncontrolling interest in its consolidated financial statements representing the economic 
interests of PBF LLC unit holders other than PBF Energy. 

Additionally, a series of secondary offerings were made subsequent to our IPO whereby funds affiliated 
with The Blackstone Group L.P. (“Blackstone”) and First Reserve Management L.P. (“First Reserve”) sold their 
interests in us. The final such subsequent offering was completed on February 6, 2015, as funds affiliated with 
Blackstone and First Reserve exchanged 3,804,653 PBF LLC Series A units for the same number of shares of PBF 
Energy Class A common stock which were subsequently sold in a secondary public offering (the “February 2015 
secondary offering” and collectively with the prior secondary offerings, the “secondary offerings”). As a result of 
these secondary offerings, Blackstone and First Reserve no longer hold any PBF LLC Series A units. The holders 
of PBF LLC Series B Units, which include certain current and former executive officers of PBF Energy, received 
a portion of the proceeds of the sales of the shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock by Blackstone and First 
Reserve in accordance with the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of PBF LLC. PBF 
Energy did not receive any proceeds from the secondary offerings.

On October 13, 2015, we completed a public offering of an aggregate of 11,500,000 shares of Class A 
common stock, including 1,500,000 shares of Class A common stock that were sold pursuant to the exercise of an 
over-allotment option, for net proceeds of $344.0 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions 
and other offering expenses (the “October 2015 Equity Offering”). 

On December 19, 2016, we completed a public offering of an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of Class A 
common stock for net proceeds of $274.3 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and 
other offering expenses (the “December 2016 Equity Offering”). 

As of December 31, 2017, including the offerings described above, we own 110,586,762 PBF LLC Series 
C Units and our current and former executive officers and directors and certain employees and others beneficially 
own 3,767,464 PBF LLC Series A Units, and the holders of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common 
stock have 96.7% of the voting power in us and the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy through their 
holdings of Class B common stock have the remaining 3.3% of the voting power in us.

PBFX Equity Offerings 

On April 5, 2016, PBFX completed a public offering of an aggregate of 2,875,000 common units, including 
375,000 common units that were sold pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase 
additional common units, for net proceeds of $51.6 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions 
and other offering expenses. In addition, on August 17, 2016, PBFX completed a public offering of an aggregate 
of 4,000,000 common units, and granted the underwriter an option to purchase an additional 600,000 common 
units, of which 375,000 units were subsequently purchased on September 14, 2016, for total net proceeds of $86.8 
million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. As a result of the 
PBFX equity offerings, as of December 31, 2017, PBF LLC holds a 44.1% limited partner interest in PBFX and 
owns all of PBFX’s IDRs, with the remaining 55.9% limited partner interest owned by public common unit holders.

Chalmette Acquisition 

On November 1, 2015, we acquired from ExxonMobil Oil Corporation, Mobil Pipe Line Company and 
PDV Chalmette, Inc., 100% of the ownership interests of Chalmette Refining, which owns the Chalmette refinery 
and related logistics assets. The Chalmette refinery, located outside of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a dual-train 
coking refinery and is capable of processing both light and heavy crude oil. Subsequent to the closing of the 
Chalmette Acquisition, Chalmette Refining is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF Holding.

64

Chalmette Refining owns 100% of the MOEM Pipeline, providing access to the Empire Terminal, as well 
as the CAM Connection Pipeline, providing access to the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port facility through a third party 
pipeline. Chalmette Refining also owns 80% of each of the Collins Pipeline Company and T&M Terminal Company, 
both located in Collins, Mississippi, which provide a clean products outlet for the refinery to the Plantation and 
Colonial  Pipelines. Also  included  in  the  acquisition  are  a  marine  terminal  capable  of  importing  waterborne 
feedstocks and loading or unloading finished products; a clean products truck rack which provides access to local 
markets; and a crude and product storage facility.

The aggregate purchase price for the Chalmette Acquisition was $322.0 million in cash, plus inventory and 
working capital of $246.0 million, which was finalized in the first quarter of 2016. The transaction was financed 
through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under our Revolving Loan. 

PBFX Assets and Drop-Down Transactions 

PBFX’s assets consist of the DCR Rail Terminal, the Toledo Truck Terminal, the DCR West Rack, the Toledo 
Storage Facility, the DCR Products Pipeline and Truck Rack, the East Coast Terminals (as defined below), the 
Torrance Valley Pipeline, PNGPC, the Toledo Products Terminal and the Chalmette Storage Tank. Apart from the 
East  Coast  Terminals,  PBFX’s  revenue  is  derived  from  long-term,  fee-based  commercial  agreements  with 
subsidiaries of PBF Energy, which include minimum volume commitments, for receiving, handling, transferring 
and  storing  crude  oil,  refined  products  and  natural  gas. These  transactions  are  eliminated  by  PBF  Energy  in 
consolidation.

Since  the  inception  of  PBFX  in  2014,  PBF  LLC  and  PBFX  have  entered  into  a  series  of  drop-down 
transactions. Such transactions and third party acquisitions made by PBFX occurring in the three years ended 
December 31, 2017 are discussed below.

On May 14, 2015, PBFX acquired from PBF LLC all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company 
interests of Delaware Pipeline Company LLC and Delaware City Logistics Company LLC, whose assets consist 
of the DCR Products Pipeline and Truck Rack. 

On April 29, 2016, PBFX’s wholly-owned subsidiary, PBF Logistics Products Terminals LLC, completed 
the purchase of the four refined products terminals in the greater Philadelphia region (the “East Coast Terminals”) 
from an affiliate of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.

On August 31, 2016, PBFX acquired from PBF LLC 50% of the issued and outstanding limited liability 

company interests of TVPC, whose assets consist of the Torrance Valley Pipeline. 

On February 15, 2017, PBFX entered into the PNGPC Contribution Agreement between PBFX and PBF 
LLC, pursuant to which PBFX Op Co acquired from PBF LLC all of the issued and outstanding limited liability 
company interests of PNGPC. PNGPC owns and operates an existing interstate natural gas pipeline. In August 
2017,  PBFX  Op  Co  completed  the  construction  of  a  new  pipeline  which  replaced  the  existing  pipeline  and 
commenced services.

On February 15, 2017, we entered into the Chalmette Storage Services Agreement under which PBFX, 
through  PBFX  Op  Co,  assumed  construction  of  the  Chalmette  Storage  Tank.  The  Chalmette  Storage  Tank 
commenced operations in November 2017 upon completion of construction. 

65

Renewable Fuels Standard

We are subject to obligations to purchase RINs required to comply with the Renewable Fuels Standard. Our 
overall RINs obligation is based on a percentage of domestic shipments of on-road fuels as established by the EPA. 
To the degree we are unable to blend the required amount of biofuels to satisfy our RINs obligation, RINs must 
be purchased on the open market to avoid penalties and fines. We record our RINs obligation on a net basis in 
Accrued expenses when our RINs liability is greater than the amount of RINs earned and purchased in a given 
period and in Prepaid and other current assets when the amount of RINs earned and purchased is greater than the 
RINs liability. We have experienced fluctuations in the costs to comply with our renewable energy credit. We 
incurred approximately $293.7 million in RINs costs during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 
$347.5  million  and  $171.6  million  during  the  years  ended  December 31,  2016  and  2015,  respectively.  The 
fluctuations in RINs costs are due primarily to volatility in prices for ethanol-linked RINs and increases in our 
production of on-road transportation fuels since 2012. Our RINs purchase obligation is dependent on our actual 
shipment of on-road transportation fuels domestically and the amount of blending achieved.

Amended and Restated Asset Based Revolving Credit Facility

On an ongoing basis, the Revolving Loan is available to be used for working capital and other general 
corporate purposes. On August 15, 2014, the agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, increase 
the maximum availability to $2.50 billion and extend its maturity to August 2019. The commitment fee on the 
unused portion, the interest rate on advances and the fees for letters of credit were reduced as part of the amendment. 
The amended and restated Revolving Loan includes an accordion feature which allows for aggregate commitments 
of up to $2.75 billion. In November and December 2015, PBF Holding increased the maximum availability under 
the Revolving Loan to $2.60 billion and $2.64 billion, respectively, in accordance with its accordion feature. 

As noted in “Note 4 - Acquisitions” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we drew down 
under our Revolving Loan to partially fund the Torrance Acquisition. The outstanding balance under our Revolving 
Loan was $350.0 million as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. 

2023 Senior Notes Offering

On November 24, 2015, PBF Holding and PBF Finance Corporation issued $500.0 million in aggregate 
principal amount of the 2023 Senior Notes. The net proceeds were approximately $490.0 million after deducting 
the initial purchasers’ discount and offering expenses. We used the proceeds to fund general corporate purposes, 
including a portion of the purchase price for the Torrance Acquisition. 

2025 Senior Notes Offering

On May 30, 2017, PBF Holding and PBF Finance issued $725.0 million, in aggregate, principal amount of 
the 2025 Senior Notes. The Company used the net proceeds of $711.6 million to fund the cash tender offer (the 
“Tender Offer”) for any and all of its outstanding 8.25% senior secured notes due 2020 (the “2020 Senior Secured 
Notes”), to pay the related redemption price and accrued and unpaid interest for any 2020 Senior Secured Notes 
that remained outstanding after the completion of the Tender Offer, and for general corporate purposes. As described 
in “Note 9 - Credit Facility and Debt” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, upon the satisfaction 
and discharge of the 2020 Senior Secured Notes in connection with the closing of the Tender Offer and the 
redemption, the 2023 Senior Notes became unsecured and certain covenants were modified, as provided for in the 
indenture governing the 2023 Senior Notes and related documents.

PBF Rail Revolving Credit Facility

Effective March 25, 2014, PBF Rail Logistics Company LLC (“PBF Rail”), an indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiary of PBF Holding, entered into a $250.0 million secured revolving credit agreement (the “Rail Facility”), 
the primary purpose of which was to fund the acquisition by PBF Rail of crude tank cars (the “Eligible Railcars”) 
before December 2015. 

66

As noted in “Note 9 - Credit Facility and Debt” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the 
Rail Facility was amended on two occasions in 2015 and 2016. On December 22, 2016, the Rail Facility was 
terminated and replaced with the PBF Rail Term Loan (as described below). 

PBF Rail Term Loan

On December 22, 2016, PBF Rail entered into a $35.0 million term loan (the “PBF Rail Term Loan”) with 
a bank previously party to the Rail Facility. The PBF Rail Term Loan amortizes monthly over its five year term 
and bears interest at the one month LIBOR plus the margin as defined in the credit agreement. As security for the 
PBF Rail Term Loan, PBF Rail pledged, among other things: (i) certain Eligible Railcars; (ii) the Debt Service 
Reserve Account (as defined in the credit agreement); and (iii) PBF Holding’s member interest in PBF Rail. 
Additionally, the PBF Rail Term Loan contains customary terms, events of default and covenants for transactions 
of this nature. PBF Rail may at any time repay the PBF Rail Term Loan without penalty in the event that railcars 
collateralizing the loan are sold, scrapped or otherwise removed from the collateral pool.

The outstanding balance of the PBF Rail Term Loan was $28.4 million and $35.0 million as of 

December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.

PBFX Debt and Credit Facilities

On May 14, 2014, in connection with the closing of the PBFX Offering, PBFX entered into the PBFX 
Revolving Credit Facility and a three-year, $300.0 million term loan facility (the “PBFX Term Loan”). The PBFX 
Revolving Credit Facility was increased from $275.0 million to $325.0 million in December 2014 and from $325.0 
million to $360.0 million in May 2016. The PBFX Revolving Credit Facility is available to fund working capital, 
acquisitions, distributions and capital expenditures and for other general partnership purposes and is guaranteed 
by a guaranty of collection from PBF LLC. PBFX also has the ability to increase the maximum amount of the 
PBFX Revolving Credit Facility by an aggregate amount of up to $240.0 million, to a total facility size of $600.0 
million, subject to receiving increased commitments from lenders or other financial institutions and satisfaction 
of certain conditions. The PBFX Revolving Credit Facility includes a $25.0 million sublimit for standby letters of 
credit and a $25.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. The PBFX Term Loan was used to fund distributions to 
PBF LLC and was guaranteed by a guaranty of collection from PBF LLC and secured at all times by cash, U.S. 
Treasury or other investment grade securities in an amount equal to or greater than the outstanding principal amount 
of the PBFX Term Loan.

Certain  subsequent  acquisitions  made  by  PBFX  were  funded  partially  by  proceeds  from  the  sale  of 
marketable securities. PBFX used borrowings under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility to repay the outstanding 
PBFX Term Loan balance, and thereby release the marketable securities that had collateralized the PBFX Term 
Loan. The PBFX Term Loan was repaid in 2017.

On  May  12,  2015,  PBFX  entered  into  an  indenture  among  the  Partnership,  PBF  Logistics  Finance 
Corporation,  a  Delaware  corporation  and  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  PBFX  (“PBF  Logistics  Finance,”  and 
together with PBFX, the “Issuers”), the Guarantors named therein (certain subsidiaries of PBFX) and Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, under which the Issuers issued $350.0 million in aggregate principal 
amount of the 6.875% senior notes due 2023 (the “initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes”). PBF LLC provided a limited 
guarantee of collection of the principal amount of the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes (as defined below), but is not 
otherwise subject to the covenants of the indenture. After deducting offering expenses, PBFX received net proceeds 
of approximately $343.0 million from the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes offering. 

On October 6, 2017, PBFX issued $175.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes 
due 2023 (the “new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes” and, together with the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes, the “PBFX 
2023 Senior Notes”). The new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued at 102% of face value with an effective rate 
of 6.442% and were issued under the indenture governing the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes dated on May 12, 
2015. The new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes are expected to be treated as a single series with the initial PBFX 2023 
Senior Notes and have the same terms as those initial notes except that (i) the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes are 

67

subject to a separate registration rights agreement and (ii) the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued initially 
under CUSIP numbers different from the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes. PBFX used the net proceeds from the 
offering of the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes to repay a portion of the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility and for 
general capital purposes.

As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, there were $528.4 million and $350.0 million outstanding 

under the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes, respectively. 

Inventory Intermediation Agreements

On  certain  dates  subsequent  to  the  inception  of  the  Inventory  Intermediation Agreements,  we  and  our 
subsidiaries,  DCR  and  PRC,  entered  into  amendments  to  the  amended  and  restated  inventory  intermediation 
agreement (as amended, the “A&R Intermediation Agreements”) with J. Aron pursuant to which certain terms of 
the inventory intermediation agreements were amended, including, among other things, pricing and an extension 
of the term. The most recent of these was on September 8, 2017 which extends the term of the A&R Intermediation 
Agreement relating to DCR and PRC to July 1, 2019 and December 31, 2019, respectively, which terms may be 
further extended by mutual consent of the parties to July 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020, respectively.

Pursuant to each A&R Intermediation Agreement, J. Aron continues to purchase and hold title to certain of 
the intermediate and finished products produced by the Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries, respectively, and 
delivered into tanks at the Refineries. Furthermore, J. Aron agrees to sell the Products back to Paulsboro refinery 
and Delaware City refinery as the Products are discharged out of the refineries’ tanks. J. Aron has the right to store 
the products purchased in tanks under the A&R Intermediation Agreements and will retain these storage rights for 
the term of the agreements. PBF Holding continues to market and sell the products independently to third parties. 

Crude Oil Acquisition Agreements

We currently purchase all of our crude and feedstock needs independently from a variety of suppliers on 
the spot market or through term agreements for our Delaware City refinery. We have a contract with Saudi Aramco 
pursuant to which we have been purchasing up to approximately 100,000 bpd of crude oil from Saudi Aramco that 
is processed at our Paulsboro refinery. Prior to December 31, 2015, we had a crude oil supply contract with a third-
party for our Delaware City refinery. We currently fully source our own crude oil needs for our Toledo refinery. 
Prior to July 31, 2014, we had a crude oil acquisition agreement with a third party that expired on July 31, 2014. 
In connection with the Chalmette Acquisition we entered into a contract with PDVSA for the supply of 40,000 to 
60,000 bpd of crude oil that can be processed at any of our East or Gulf Coast refineries. We have not sourced 
crude oil under this agreement since the third quarter of 2017 as PDVSA has suspended deliveries due to the parties’ 
inability to agree to mutually acceptable payment terms. In connection with the closing of the Torrance Acquisition, 
we entered into a crude supply agreement with ExxonMobil for approximately 60,000 bpd of crude oil that can 
be processed at our Torrance refinery.

Tax Receivable Agreement

In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement pursuant to which 
we are required to pay the members of PBF LLC, who exchange their units for PBF Energy Class A common stock 
or whose units we purchase, approximately 85% of the cash savings in income taxes that we realize as a result of 
the increase in the tax basis of our interest in PBF LLC, including tax benefits attributable to payments made under 
the Tax Receivable Agreement. We have recognized, as of December 31, 2017, a liability for the Tax Receivable 
Agreement of $362.1 million, reflecting our estimate of the undiscounted amounts that we expect to pay under the 
agreement due to exchanges including those in connection with our IPO and our secondary offerings. Our estimate 
of the Tax Receivable Agreement liability is based, in part, on forecasts of future taxable income over the anticipated 
life of our future business operations, assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law. Periodically, we may 
adjust the liability based, in part, on an updated estimate of the amounts that we expect to pay, using assumptions 
consistent with those used in our concurrent estimate of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. For example, 
we must adjust the estimated Tax Receivable Agreement liability each time we purchase PBF LLC Series A Units 

68

or upon an exchange of PBF LLC Series A Units for our Class A common stock. These periodic adjustments to 
the tax receivable liability, if any, are recorded in general and administrative expense and may result in adjustments 
to our income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities. As a result of the reduction of the corporate tax 
rate  to  21%  as  part  of  the  TCJA,  the  liability  associated  with  the  Tax  Receivable Agreement  was  reduced. 
Accordingly, the deferred tax assets associated with the payments made or expected to be made were also reduced.   

Share Repurchase Program

Our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $300.0 million of our Class A common stock. 
On September 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a two year extension to the existing Repurchase Program. 
As a result of the extension, the Repurchase Program will expire on September 30, 2018. No repurchases of our 
Class A common stock were made during the year ended December 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2017 we have 
purchased approximately 6.05 million shares of our Class A common stock under the Repurchase Program for 
$150.8 million through open market transactions. We currently have the ability to purchase approximately an 
additional $149.2 million in common stock under the approved Repurchase Program.

These  repurchases  may  be  made  from  time  to  time  through  various  methods,  including  open  market 
transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, certain of 
which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 plans. The timing and number of shares repurchased 
will depend on a variety of factors, including price, capital availability, legal requirements and economic and market 
conditions. We are not obligated to purchase any shares under the Repurchase Program, and repurchases may be 
suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice.

Factors Affecting Operating Results

Overview

Our earnings and cash flows from operations are primarily affected by the relationship between refined 
product prices and the prices for crude oil and other feedstocks. The cost to acquire crude oil and other feedstocks 
and the price of refined petroleum products ultimately sold depends on numerous factors beyond our control, 
including the supply of, and demand for, crude oil, gasoline, diesel and other refined petroleum products, which, 
in turn, depend on, among other factors, changes in global and regional economies, weather conditions, global and 
regional political affairs, production levels, the availability of imports, the marketing of competitive fuels, pipeline 
capacity, prevailing exchange rates and the extent of government regulation. Our revenue and operating income 
fluctuate significantly with movements in industry refined petroleum product prices, our materials cost fluctuate 
significantly with movements in crude oil prices and our other operating expenses fluctuate with movements in 
the price of energy to meet the power needs of our refineries. In addition, the effect of changes in crude oil prices 
on our operating results is influenced by how the prices of refined products adjust to reflect such changes. 

Crude oil and other feedstock costs and the prices of refined petroleum products have historically been 
subject to wide fluctuation. Expansion and upgrading of existing facilities and installation of additional refinery 
distillation or conversion capacity, price volatility, international political and economic developments and other 
factors beyond our control are likely to continue to play an important role in refining industry economics. These 
factors can impact, among other things, the level of inventories in the market, resulting in price volatility and a 
reduction or increase in product margins. Moreover, the industry typically experiences seasonal fluctuations in 
demand for refined petroleum products, such as for gasoline and diesel, during the summer driving season and for 
home heating oil during the winter.

Benchmark Refining Margins

In assessing our operating performance, we compare the refining margins (revenue less materials cost) of 
each of our refineries against a specific benchmark industry refining margin based on crack spreads. Benchmark 
refining margins take into account both crude and refined petroleum product prices. When these prices are combined 
in a formula they provide a single value—a gross margin per barrel—that, when multiplied by throughput, provides 
an approximation of the gross margin generated by refining activities.

69

The performance of our East Coast refineries generally follows the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 benchmark 
refining margin. Our Toledo refinery generally follows the WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 benchmark refining margin. Our 
Chalmette refinery generally follows the LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1 benchmark refining margin. Our Torrance refinery 
generally follows the ANS (West Coast) 4-3-1 benchmark refining margin. 

While the benchmark refinery margins presented below under “Results of Operations—Market Indicators” 
are representative of the results of our refineries, each refinery’s realized gross margin on a per barrel basis will 
differ from the benchmark due to a variety of factors affecting the performance of the relevant refinery to its 
corresponding benchmark. These factors include the refinery’s actual type of crude oil throughput, product yield 
differentials and any other factors not reflected in the benchmark refining margins, such as transportation costs, 
storage costs, credit fees, fuel consumed during production and any product premiums or discounts, as well as 
inventory fluctuations, timing of crude oil and other feedstock purchases, a rising or declining crude and product 
pricing environment and commodity price management activities. As discussed in more detail below, each of our 
refineries,  depending  on  market  conditions,  has  certain  feedstock-cost  and  product-value  advantages  and 
disadvantages as compared to the refinery’s relevant benchmark.

Credit Risk Management

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial 
loss to us. Our exposure to credit risk is reflected in the carrying amount of the receivables that are presented in 
our balance sheet. To minimize credit risk, all customers are subject to extensive credit verification procedures 
and extensions of credit above defined thresholds are to be approved by the senior management. Our intention is 
to trade only with recognized creditworthy third parties. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an 
ongoing basis. We also limit the risk of bad debts by obtaining security such as guarantees or letters of credit.

Other Factors

We currently source our crude oil for our refineries on a global basis through a combination of market 
purchases and short-term purchase contracts, and through our crude oil supply agreements with Saudi Aramco, 
PDVSA, ExxonMobil and others. We believe purchases based on market pricing has given us flexibility in obtaining 
crude oil at lower prices and on a more accurate “as needed” basis. Since our Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries 
access their crude slates from the Delaware River via ship or barge and through our rail facilities at Delaware City, 
these refineries have the flexibility to purchase crude oils from the Mid-Continent and Western Canada, as well as 
a number of different countries. We have not sourced crude oil under our crude supply arrangement with PDVSA 
since the third quarter of 2017 as PDVSA has suspended deliveries due to our inability to agree to mutually 
acceptable payment terms.

In  the  past  several  years,  we  expanded  and  upgraded  the  existing  on-site  railroad  infrastructure  at  the 
Delaware City refinery. Currently, crude oil delivered by rail to this facility is consumed at our Delaware City and 
Paulsboro refineries. The Delaware City rail unloading facility, which was sold to PBFX in 2014, allows our East 
Coast refineries to source WTI-based crude oils from Western Canada and the Mid-Continent, which we believe, 
at times, may provide cost advantages versus traditional Brent-based international crude oils. In support of this 
rail strategy, we have at times entered into agreements to lease or purchase crude railcars. A portion of these railcars 
were purchased via the Rail Facility entered into during 2014, which was terminated in connection with the execution 
of the PBF Rail Term Loan in 2016. Certain of these railcars were subsequently sold to a third party, which has 
leased the railcars back to us for periods of between four and seven years. In 2016, we sold approximately 120 of 
these railcars to optimize our railcar portfolio. Our railcar fleet, at times, provides transportation flexibility within 
our crude oil sourcing strategy that allows our East Coast refineries to process cost advantaged crude from Canada 
and the Mid-Continent.

Our operating cost structure is also important to our profitability. Major operating costs include costs relating 
to  employees  and  contract  labor,  energy,  maintenance  and  environmental  compliance,  and  emission  control 
regulations,  including  the  cost  of  RINs  required  for  compliance  with  the  Renewable  Fuels  Standard.  The 
predominant variable cost is energy, in particular, the price of utilities, natural gas and electricity.

70

Our operating results are also affected by the reliability of our refinery operations. Unplanned downtime of 
our refinery assets generally results in lost margin opportunity and increased maintenance expense. The financial 
impact of planned downtime, such as major turnaround maintenance, is managed through a planning process that 
considers such things as the margin environment, the availability of resources to perform the needed maintenance 
and feed logistics, whereas unplanned downtime does not afford us this opportunity.

Refinery-Specific Information 

The following section includes refinery-specific information related to our operations, crude oil differentials, 

ancillary costs, and local premiums and discounts.

Delaware City Refinery. The benchmark refining margin for the Delaware City refinery is calculated by 
assuming that two barrels of Dated Brent crude oil are converted into one barrel of gasoline and one barrel of 
diesel. We calculate this benchmark using the NYH market value of reformulated blendstock for oxygenate blending 
(“RBOB”) and ultra-low sulfur diesel (“ULSD”) against the market value of Dated Brent and refer to the benchmark 
as the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 benchmark refining margin. Our Delaware City refinery has a product slate of 
approximately 53% gasoline, 30% distillate, 2% high-value petrochemicals, with the remaining portion of the 
product slate comprised of lower-value products (6% black oil, 4% petroleum coke, 3% LPGs and 2% other). For 
this reason, we believe the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 is an appropriate benchmark industry refining margin. The 
majority of Delaware City revenues are generated off NYH-based market prices.

The Delaware City refinery’s realized gross margin on a per barrel basis has historically differed from the 

Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 benchmark refining margin due to the following factors:

• 

the Delaware City refinery processes a slate of primarily medium and heavy sour crude oils, which has 
constituted approximately 55% to 65% of total throughput. The remaining throughput consists of sweet crude oil 
and other feedstocks and blendstocks. In addition, we have the capability to process a significant volume of light, 
sweet crude oil depending on market conditions. Our total throughput costs have historically priced at a discount 
to Dated Brent; and

•  as a result of the heavy, sour crude slate processed at Delaware City, we produce lower value products 
including sulfur, carbon dioxide and petroleum coke. These products are priced at a significant discount to RBOB 
and ULSD and represent approximately 5% to 7% of our total production volume.

Paulsboro Refinery. The benchmark refining margin for the Paulsboro refinery is calculated by assuming 
that two barrels of Dated Brent crude oil are converted into one barrel of gasoline and one barrel of diesel. We 
calculate this benchmark using the NYH market value of RBOB and ULSD diesel against the market value of 
Dated Brent and refer to the benchmark as the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 benchmark refining margin. Our Paulsboro 
refinery has a product slate of approximately 39% gasoline, 33% distillate, 5% high-value Group I lubricants and 
10% asphalt, with the remaining portion of the product slate comprised of lower-value products (5% black oil, 3% 
petroleum coke, 4% LPGs and 1% other). For this reason, we believe the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 is an appropriate 
benchmark industry refining margin. The majority of Paulsboro revenues are generated off NYH-based market 
prices.

The Paulsboro refinery’s realized gross margin on a per barrel basis has historically differed from the Dated 

Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 benchmark refining margin due to the following factors:

• 

the  Paulsboro  refinery  processes  a  slate  of  primarily  medium  and  heavy  sour  crude  oils,  which  has 
historically constituted approximately 75% to 85% of total throughput. The remaining throughput consists of sweet 
crude oil and other feedstocks and blendstocks; 

•  as a result of the heavy, sour crude slate processed at Paulsboro, we produce lower value products including 
sulfur and petroleum coke. These products are priced at a significant discount to RBOB and ULSD and represent 
approximately 3% to 5% of our total production volume; and

71

• 
ULSD.

the Paulsboro refinery produces Group I lubricants which carry a premium sales price to RBOB and 

Toledo Refinery. The benchmark refining margin for the Toledo refinery is calculated by assuming that four 
barrels of WTI crude oil are converted into three barrels of gasoline, one-half barrel of ULSD and one-half barrel 
of jet fuel. We calculate this refining margin using the Chicago market values of conventional blendstock for 
oxygenate blending (“CBOB”) and ULSD and the United States Gulf Coast value of jet fuel against the market 
value of WTI and refer to this benchmark as the WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 benchmark refining margin. Our Toledo 
refinery has a product slate of approximately 54% gasoline, 34% distillate, 6% high-value petrochemicals (including 
nonene, tetramer, benzene, xylene and toluene) with the remaining portion of the product slate comprised of lower-
value products (5% LPGs and 1% other). For this reason, we believe the WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 is an appropriate 
benchmark industry refining margin. The majority of Toledo revenues are generated off Chicago-based market 
prices.

The Toledo refinery’s realized gross margin on a per barrel basis has historically differed from the WTI 

(Chicago) 4-3-1 benchmark refining margin due to the following factors:

• 

the Toledo refinery processes a slate of domestic sweet and Canadian synthetic crude oil. Historically, 

Toledo’s blended average crude costs have been higher than the market value of WTI crude oil;

• 

the Toledo refinery configuration enables it to produce more barrels of product than throughput which 

generates a pricing benefit; and

• 

the Toledo refinery generates a pricing benefit on some of its refined products, primarily its petrochemicals.

Chalmette Refinery. The benchmark refining margin for the Chalmette refinery is calculated by assuming 
two barrels of Light Louisiana Sweet (“LLS”) crude oil are converted into one barrel of gasoline and one barrel 
of diesel. We calculate this benchmark using the US Gulf Coast market value of 87 conventional gasoline and 
ULSD against the market value of LLS and refer to this benchmark as the LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1 benchmark 
refining margin. Our Chalmette refinery has a product slate of approximately 47% gasoline, 32% distillate, 3% 
high-value  petrochemicals  (including  benzene  and  xylenes)  with  the  remaining  portion  of  the  product  slate 
comprised of lower-value products (10% black oil, 5% petroleum coke and 3% other). For this reason, we believe 
the LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1 is an appropriate benchmark industry refining margin. The majority of Chalmette 
revenues are generated off Gulf Coast-based market prices.

The Chalmette refinery’s realized gross margin on a per barrel basis has historically differed from the LLS 

(USGC) 2-1-1 benchmark refining margin due to the following factors:

• 

the Chalmette refinery has generally processed a slate of primarily medium and heavy sour crude oils, 
which has historically constituted approximately 55% to 65% of total throughput. The remaining throughput 
consists of sweet crude oil and other feedstocks and blendstocks; and

•  as a result of the heavy, sour crude slate processed at Chalmette, we produce lower-value products including 
sulfur and petroleum coke. These products are priced at a significant discount to 87 conventional gasoline and 
ULSD and represent approximately 4% to 6% of our total production volume.

The PRL (pre-treater, reformer, light ends) project was completed in 2017 which has increased high-octane, 
ultra-low sulfur reformate and chemicals production. The new crude oil tank was also commissioned in 2017 and 
is allowing additional gasoline and diesel exports, reduced RINs compliance costs and lower crude ship demurrage 
costs. 

Torrance Refinery. The benchmark refining margin for the Torrance refinery is calculated by assuming that 
four barrels of Alaskan North Slope (“ANS”) crude oil are converted into three barrels of gasoline, one-half barrel 
of diesel and one-half barrel of jet fuel. We calculate this benchmark using the West Coast Los Angeles market 
value of California reformulated blendstock for oxygenate blending (CARBOB), California Air Resources Board 

72

(CARB) diesel and jet fuel and refer to the benchmark as the ANS (WCLA) 4-3-1 benchmark refining margin. 
Our Torrance refinery has a product slate of approximately 64% gasoline and 22% distillate with the remaining 
portion of the product slate comprised of lower-value products (9% petroleum coke, 2% LPG, 1% black oil and 
2% other). For this reason, we believe the ANS (West Coast) 4-3-1 is an appropriate benchmark industry refining 
margin. The majority of Torrance revenues are generated off West Coast Los Angeles-based market prices.

The Torrance refinery’s realized gross margin on a per barrel basis has historically differed from the ANS 

(WCLA) 4-3-1 benchmark refining margin due to the following factors:

• 

• 

the Torrance  refinery  has  generally  processed  a  slate  of  primarily  heavy  sour  crude  oils,  which  has 
historically constituted approximately 80% to 90% of total throughput. The Torrance crude slate has the 
lowest API gravity (typically an American Petroleum Institute (“API”) gravity of less than 20 degrees) 
of all of our refineries. The remaining throughput consists of other feedstocks and blendstocks; and

as a result of the heavy, sour crude slate processed at Torrance, we produce lower-value products including 
petroleum coke and sulfur. These products are priced at a significant discount to gasoline and diesel and 
represent approximately 9% to 11% of our total production volume.

Change in Presentation

During 2017, we determined that we will revise the presentation of certain line items on our historical 
consolidated statements of operations to enhance our disclosure under the requirements of Rule 5-03 of Regulation 
S-X. The revised presentation is comprised of the inclusion of a subtotal within operating costs and expenses 
referred to as “Cost of sales” and the reclassification of total depreciation and amortization expense between such 
amounts attributable to cost of sales and other operating costs and expenses. The amount of depreciation and 
amortization expense that is presented separately within the “Cost of Sales” subtotal represents depreciation and 
amortization of refining and logistics assets that are integral to the refinery production process.

As described in “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of our Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, the historical comparative information has been revised to conform to the current presentation. 
This revised presentation does not have an effect on our historical consolidated income from operations or net 
income, nor does it have any impact on our consolidated balance sheets, statements of comprehensive income, 
statements of changes in equity and  statements of cash flows. 

73

Results of Operations

The tables below reflect our consolidated financial and operating highlights for the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016 and 2015 (amounts in thousands, except per share data). We operate in two reportable business segments: 
Refining and Logistics. Our oil refineries, excluding the assets owned by PBFX, are all engaged in the refining of 
crude oil and other feedstocks into petroleum products, and are aggregated into the Refining segment. PBFX is a 
publicly traded master limited partnership that operates certain logistical assets such as crude oil and refined 
petroleum products terminals, pipelines and storage facilities. PBFX’s operations are aggregated into the Logistics 
segment. We do not separately discuss our results by individual segments as, apart from the East Coast Terminals, 
our Logistics segment did not have any significant third party revenue and a significant portion of its operating 
results eliminate in consolidation.  

 
 
Revenue

Cost and expenses:

Cost of products and other
Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and
amortization expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense
Cost of sales
General and administrative expenses (excluding
depreciation and amortization expense as reflected
below)
Depreciation and amortization expense
Loss (gain) on sale of assets

Total cost and expenses
Income from operations
Other income (expense):

Change in Tax Receivable Agreement liability
Change in fair value of catalyst leases
Debt extinguishment costs
Interest expense, net

Income before income taxes
Income tax expense
Net income

Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest
Net income attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders

Gross margin

Gross refining margin (1)

Net income available to Class A common stock per share:

Basic
Diluted

——————————
(1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below.

74

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$ 21,786,637

$ 15,920,424

$ 13,123,929

18,863,621

13,598,341

11,481,614

1,685,611
277,992
20,827,224

1,423,198
216,341
15,237,880

904,525
187,729
12,573,868

214,773
12,964
1,458
21,056,419
730,218

166,452
5,835
11,374
15,421,541
498,883

181,266
9,688
(1,004)
12,763,818
360,111

250,922
(2,247)
(25,451)
(154,427)
799,015
315,584
483,431
67,914
415,517

1,041,129

2,676,651

3.78
3.73

$

$

$
$

12,908
1,422
—
(150,045)
363,168
137,650
225,518
54,707
170,811

727,496

2,143,449

1.74
1.74

$

$

$
$

18,150
10,184
—
(106,187)
282,258
86,725
195,533
49,132
146,401

571,524

1,512,330

1.66
1.65

$

$

$
$

Operating Highlights
 
 
Key Operating Information
Production (bpd in thousands)
Crude oil and feedstocks throughput (bpd in thousands)
Total crude oil and feedstocks throughput (millions of
barrels)
Gross margin per barrel of throughput
Gross refining margin, excluding special items, per barrel of 
throughput (1)
Refinery operating expense, excluding depreciation, per
barrel of throughput
Crude and feedstocks (% of total throughput) (2)

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

802.9
807.4

294.7
3.53

8.08

5.52

$

$

$

734.3
727.7

266.4
2.73

6.09

5.22

$

$

$

511.9
516.4

188.4
3.03

10.29

4.72

$

$

$

Heavy
Medium
Light
Other feedstocks and blends

Total throughput

Yield (% of total throughput)

Gasoline and gasoline blendstocks
Distillates and distillate blendstocks
Lubes
Chemicals
Other

Total yield

——————————
(1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below.

34%
30%
21%
15%
100%

50%
30%
1%
2%
16%
99%

26%
37%
25%
12%
100%

50%
31%
1%
3%
15%
100%

14%
49%
26%
11%
100%

49%
35%
1%
3%
12%
100%

(2) We define heavy crude oil as crude oil with American Petroleum Institute (API) gravity less than 24 degrees. 
We define medium crude oil as crude oil with API gravity between 24 and 35 degrees. We define light crude oil 
as crude oil with API gravity higher than 35 degrees.

75

The table below summarizes certain market indicators relating to our operating results as reported by Platts.

 

 

Dated Brent Crude
West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil
Light Louisiana Sweet (LLS) crude oil
Alaska North Slope (ANS) crude oil
Crack Spreads

Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1
WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1
LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1
ANS (West Coast) 4-3-1

Crude Oil Differentials

Dated Brent (foreign) less WTI
Dated Brent less Maya (heavy, sour)
Dated Brent less WTS (sour)
Dated Brent less ASCI (sour)
WTI less WCS (heavy, sour)
WTI less Bakken (light, sweet)
WTI less Syncrude (light, sweet)
WTI less LLS (light, sweet)
WTI less ANS (light, sweet)
Natural gas (dollars per MMBTU)

2017 Compared to 2016 

Year Ended December 31,

2015
2017
(dollars per barrel, except as noted)

2016

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$

54.18
50.79
54.02
54.43

14.74
15.88
13.57
17.43

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

$
3.39
$
7.16
$
4.37
$
3.66
12.24
$
(0.26) $
(1.74) $
(3.23) $
(3.63) $
$
3.02

43.91
43.34
45.03
43.67

13.49
12.38
10.75
16.46

$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$

0.56
$
7.36
$
1.42
$
3.92
$
12.57
$
1.32
$
(2.01) $
(1.69) $
(0.33) $
$
2.55

52.56
48.71
52.36
52.44

16.35
17.91
14.39
26.46

3.85
8.45
3.59
4.57
11.87
2.89
(1.45)
(3.67)
(3.73)
2.63  

Overview— Net income was $483.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $225.5 
million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Net income attributable to PBF Energy stockholders was $415.5 
million, or $3.73 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2017 ($3.73 per share on a fully-exchanged, 
fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income, or net income of $1.14 per share on a fully-
exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income excluding special items, as described 
below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures) compared to net income attributable to PBF Energy stockholders of 
$170.8 million, or $1.74 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2016 ($1.74 per share on a fully-
exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income, or a net loss of $1.41 per share on a 
fully exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net loss excluding special items, as described 
below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures). The net income or loss attributable to PBF Energy represents PBF 
Energy’s equity interest in PBF LLC’s pre-tax income (loss), less applicable income tax expense. PBF Energy’s 
weighted-average equity interest in PBF LLC was 96.6% and 95.3% for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively.

Our results for the year ended December 31, 2017 were positively impacted by special items including a 
pre-tax non-cash LCM inventory adjustment of approximately $295.5 million, or $178.5 million net of tax, and a 
pre-tax benefit of $250.9 million, or $151.5 million net of tax, related to the change in our Tax Receivable Agreement 
liability. Our results for the year ended December 31, 2016 were positively impacted by special items consisting 
of a pre-tax LCM inventory adjustment of approximately $521.3 million, or $317.7 million net of tax, and a pre-

76

tax benefit of $12.9 million, or $7.9 million net of tax related to the change in our Tax Receivable Agreement 
liability.  Our results for the year ended December 31, 2017 were also impacted by special items related to pre-tax 
debt extinguishment costs of $25.5 million, or $15.4 million net of tax related to the redemption of the 2020 Senior 
Secured Notes and the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”) resulting in a net tax expense of 
$193.5 million associated with the remeasurement of Tax Receivable Agreement  associated deferred tax assets 
and a net tax benefit of $173.3 million for the reduction of our deferred tax liabilities.

Excluding the impact of these special items, our results were positively impacted by higher throughput 
volumes at the majority of our refineries and higher crack spreads realized at each of our refineries, which were 
impacted by the hurricane-related reduction in refining throughput in the Gulf Coast region and tightening product 
inventories, specifically distillates, in the second half of the year as well as lower costs to comply with the RFS. 
Notably, we benefited from the improved operating performance of our Chalmette and Torrance refineries. 

Revenues— Revenues totaled $21.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $15.9 billion
for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of approximately $5.9 billion or 36.8%. Revenues per barrel 
were $64.90 and $59.77 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, an increase of 8.6% directly 
related to higher hydrocarbon commodity prices. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the total throughput rates 
at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 338,200 bpd, 
145,200  bpd,  184,500  bpd  and  139,500  bpd,  respectively.  For  the  year  ended  December 31,  2016,  the  total 
throughput rates at our East Coast, Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast refineries averaged approximately 327,000 bpd, 
159,100 bpd and 169,300 bpd, respectively. For the period from its acquisition on July 1, 2016 through December 
31, 2016, our West Coast refinery’s throughput averaged 143,900 bpd. The throughput rates at our East Coast and 
Gulf Coast refineries were higher in 2017 compared to 2016. Our West Coast refinery was not acquired until the 
beginning of the third quarter of 2016. The decrease in throughput rates at our West Coast refinery in 2017 compared 
to 2016 is primarily due to planned downtime at our Torrance refinery for its first significant turnaround under our 
ownership, which was completed early in the third quarter of 2017. However, our West Coast refinery throughput 
averaged 164,000 bpd for the last six months of the year upon completion of the turnaround. For the year ended 
December 31, 2017, the total refined product barrels sold at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast and West 
Coast refineries averaged approximately 363,800 bpd, 160,400 bpd, 227,200 bpd and 168,300 bpd, respectively. 
For the year ended December 31, 2016, the total refined product barrels sold at our East Coast, Mid-Continent and 
Gulf Coast refineries averaged approximately 364,100 bpd, 171,800 bpd and 206,400 bpd, respectively. For the 
period from its acquisition on July 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016, the total refined product barrels sold at 
our West Coast refinery averaged 179,200 bpd. Total refined product barrels sold were higher than throughput 
rates, reflecting sales from inventory as well as sales and purchases of refined products outside the refineries.

Gross Margin— Gross margin, including refinery operating expenses and depreciation, totaled $1,041.1 
million, or $3.53 per barrel of throughput, for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to $727.5 million, or 
$2.73 per barrel of throughput, for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of $313.6 million. Gross refining 
margin (as defined below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures) totaled $2,676.7 million, or $9.08 per barrel of 
throughput ($2,381.1 million or $8.08 per barrel of throughput excluding the impact of special items), for the year 
ended December 31, 2017 compared to $2,143.4 million, or $8.05 per barrel of throughput ($1,622.1 million or 
$6.09 per barrel of throughput excluding the impact of special items), for the year ended December 31, 2016, an 
increase of approximately $533.2 million or an increase of $759.0 million excluding special items. 

Excluding the impact of special items, gross margin and gross refining margin increased due to improved 
crack spreads across each of our refineries, reduced costs to comply with the RFS and positive margin contributions 
from our Torrance refinery following its first significant turnaround under our ownership, which was completed 
early in the third quarter of 2017. Costs to comply with our obligation under the RFS totaled $255.2 million for 
the year ended December 31, 2017 (excluding our West Coast refinery, whose cost to comply with RFS totaled 
$38.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017) compared to $325.3 million for the year ended December 31, 
2016 (excluding our West Coast refinery, whose costs to comply with RFS totaled $22.2 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2016). In addition, gross margin and gross refining margin were positively impacted by a non-cash 
LCM inventory adjustment of approximately $295.5 million on a net basis resulting from an increase in crude oil 

77

and refined product prices in comparison to the prices at the end of 2016. The non-cash LCM inventory adjustment 
increased gross margin and gross refining margin by approximately $521.3 million in the year ended December 31, 
2016.

Average industry refining margins in the Mid-Continent were stronger during the year ended December 31, 
2017, as compared to the same period in 2016. The WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 industry crack spread was $15.88 per 
barrel, or 28.3% higher, in the year ended December 31, 2017, as compared to $12.38 per barrel in the same period 
in 2016. Our margins were unfavorably impacted by our refinery specific crude slate in the Mid-Continent which 
was impacted by a declining WTI/Bakken differential partially offset by an improving WTI/Syncrude differential, 
which averaged a premium of $1.74 per barrel for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to a premium 
of $2.01 per barrel in the same period in 2016. 

On the East Coast, the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 industry crack spread was approximately $14.74 per barrel, 
or 9.3% higher, in the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $13.49 per barrel in the same period in 2016.  
The Dated Brent/WTI differential was $2.83 higher in the year ended December 31, 2017, as compared to the same 
period in 2016, partially offset by year over year decreases in the Dated Brent/Maya differential and WTI/Bakken 
differential of $0.20 and $1.58, respectively.

Gulf Coast industry refining margins improved during the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to 
the same period in 2016. The LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1 industry crack spread was $13.57 per barrel, or 26.2% higher, 
in the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $10.75 per barrel in the same period in 2016. Crude differentials 
weakened  with  the  WTI/LLS  differential  averaging  a  premium  of  $3.23  per  barrel  during  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2017 as compared to a premium of $1.69 per barrel in the same period of 2016.

Additionally, we benefited from improvements in the West Coast industry refining margins during the year 
ended December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016. The ANS (West Coast) 4-3-1 industry crack 
spread was $17.43 per barrel, or 5.9% higher, in the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $16.46 per 
barrel in the same period in 2016. Partially offsetting the improved crack spreads, crude differentials weakened 
with the WTI/ANS differential averaging a premium of $3.63 per barrel during the year ended December 31, 2017 
as compared to a premium of $0.33 per barrel in the same period of 2016. As the Torrance refinery was not acquired 
until the beginning of the third quarter of 2016, we did not benefit from the contribution of this refinery for the 
full twelve months of the prior year.

Favorable  movements  in  these  benchmark  crude  differentials  typically  result  in  lower  crude  costs  and 
positively impact our earnings, while reductions in these benchmark crude differentials typically result in higher 
crude costs and negatively impact our earnings.

Operating Expenses— Operating expenses totaled $1,685.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017
compared to $1,423.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of $262.4 million, or 18.4%. Of 
the total $1,685.6 million of operating expenses, approximately $1,627.6 million, or $5.52 per barrel of throughput, 
related to expenses incurred by the Refining segment, while the remaining $58.0 million related to expenses incurred 
by the Logistics segment ($1,390.6 million or $5.22 per barrel, and $32.6 million of operating expenses for the 
year  ended  December 31,  2016  related  to  the  Refining  and  Logistics  segment,  respectively). The  increase  in 
operating expenses was mainly attributable to the operating expenses associated with our Torrance refinery and 
related logistics assets, which were included in our results for the full year of 2017 as compared with only six 
months of 2016. For the year ended December 31, 2017 the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets incurred 
operating expenses of approximately $475.9 million in comparison to $250.5 million for the period from its 
acquisition on July 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016. Total operating expenses at our refineries, excluding our Torrance 
refinery,  increased  slightly  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2017,  primarily  due  to  higher  energy  costs  and 
maintenance costs. The increase in energy costs was mainly due to higher natural gas prices while the increase in 
maintenance costs was mainly due to timing of repairs. The operating expenses related to the Logistics segment 
consists of costs related to the operation and maintenance of PBFX’s assets, which were higher primarily as a result 
of current period expenses related to certain assets including the Toledo Products Terminal and Torrance Valley 

78

Pipeline, which were not in service for the full comparable period in 2016, and higher operating expenses associated 
with the East Coast Terminals.

General and Administrative Expenses— General and administrative expenses totaled $214.8 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2017, compared to $166.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase
of $48.3 million or 29.0%. The increase in general and administrative expenses primarily relates to increased 
employee related expenses of $58.2 million driven by higher incentive compensation costs in the year ended 
December 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016, attributable to higher average employee headcount 
and better operating performance. These increases were partially offset by lower costs associated with acquisition 
and integration related activities which were approximately $8.6 million lower in the year ended December 31, 
2017 as compared to the same period in 2016. Our general and administrative expenses are comprised of the 
personnel, facilities and other infrastructure costs necessary to support our refineries and related logistical assets.

Loss  (gain)  on  Sale  of Assets— There  was  a  loss  of  $1.5  million  on  sale  of  assets  for  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2017 relating to non-operating refinery assets. There was a loss of $11.4 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2016 relating to the sale of non-operating refining assets. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense— Depreciation and amortization expense totaled $291.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2017 (including $278.0 million recorded within Cost of sales) compared to $222.2 
million for the year ended December 31, 2016 (including $216.3 million recorded within Cost of sales), an increase
of $68.8 million. The increase was a result of additional depreciation expense associated with the assets acquired 
in the Torrance Acquisition and a general increase in our fixed asset base due to capital projects and turnarounds 
completed during 2017 and 2016.

Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability— Change in the Tax Receivable Agreement liability for the 
year ended December 31, 2017 represented a gain of $250.9 million as compared to a gain of $12.9 million for 
the year ended December 31, 2016. This gain was primarily a result of the TCJA enacted in December 2017 and 
related remeasurement of the liability based on the decrease in the federal tax rate from 35% to 21%.

Change in Fair Value of Catalyst Leases— Change in the fair value of catalyst leases represented a loss of 
$2.2  million  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2017,  compared  to  a  gain  of  $1.4  million  for  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2016. These gains and losses relate to the change in value of the precious metals underlying the sale 
and leaseback of our refineries’ precious metals catalyst, which we are obligated to return or repurchase at fair 
market value on the lease termination dates. 

Debt  extinguishment  costs—  Debt  extinguishment  costs  of  $25.5  million  incurred  in  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2017 relate to nonrecurring charges associated with debt refinancing activity calculated based on 
the difference between the carrying value of the 2020 Senior Secured Notes on the date that they were reacquired 
and the amount for which they were reacquired. There were no such costs in the same period of 2016.

Interest Expense, net— Interest expense totaled $154.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, 
compared to $150.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of $4.4 million. This net increase 
is attributable to higher average borrowings under our Revolving Loan partially offset by lower interest expense 
on a portion of our senior notes that were refinanced in May 2017 (see “Note 9 - Credit Facility and Debt” of our 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional details). Interest expense includes interest on long-
term debt including the PBFX credit facilities, costs related to the sale and leaseback of our precious metals catalyst, 
financing costs associated with the A&R Intermediation Agreements with J. Aron, letter of credit fees associated 
with the purchase of certain crude oils, and the amortization of deferred financing costs.

Income Tax Expense— PBF LLC is organized as a limited liability company and PBFX is a master limited 
partnership, both of which are treated as “flow-through” entities for federal income tax purposes and therefore are 
not subject to income tax. However, two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining and one subsidiary of PBF Holding 
that are treated as C-Corporations for income tax purposes may incur income taxes with respect to their earnings, 
as applicable. The members of PBF LLC are required to include their proportionate share of PBF LLC’s taxable 

79

income or loss, which includes PBF LLC’s allocable share of PBFX’s pre-tax income or loss, on their respective 
tax returns. PBF LLC generally makes distributions to its members, per the terms of PBF LLC’s amended and 
restated limited liability company agreement, related to such taxes on a pro-rata basis. PBF Energy recognizes an 
income tax expense or benefit in our consolidated financial statements based on PBF Energy’s allocable share of 
PBF LLC’s pre-tax income or loss, which was approximately 96.6% and 95.3%, on a weighted-average basis for 
the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. PBF Energy’s consolidated financial statements do 
not reflect any benefit or provision for income taxes on the pre-tax income or loss attributable to the noncontrolling 
interests in PBF LLC or PBFX (although, as described above, PBF LLC must make tax distributions to all its 
members on a pro-rata basis). PBF Energy’s effective tax rate, including the impact of noncontrolling interest, for 
the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was 39.5% and 37.9%, respectively, reflecting tax adjustments for 
discrete items and the impact of the TCJA which, among other things, reduced the U.S. federal corporate tax rate 
from 35% percent to 21% percent.

Noncontrolling Interests— PBF Energy is the sole managing member of, and has a controlling interest in, 
PBF LLC. As the sole managing member of PBF LLC, PBF Energy operates and controls all of the business and 
affairs  of  PBF  LLC  and  its  subsidiaries.  PBF  Energy  consolidates  the  financial  results  of  PBF  LLC  and  its 
subsidiaries, including PBFX. With respect to the consolidation of PBF LLC, the Company records a noncontrolling 
interest for the economic interest in PBF LLC held by members other than PBF Energy, and with respect to the 
consolidation of PBFX, the Company records a noncontrolling interest for the economic interests in PBFX held 
by the public unit holders of PBFX, and with respect to the consolidation of PBF Holding, the Company records 
a 20% noncontrolling interest for the ownership interests in two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining held by a third 
party. The total noncontrolling interest on the consolidated statement of operations represents the portion of the 
Company’s earnings or loss attributable to the economic interests held by members of PBF LLC other than PBF 
Energy and by the public common unit holders of PBFX and by the third party holder of certain of Chalmette 
Refining’s  subsidiaries.  The  total  noncontrolling  interest  on  the  balance  sheet  represents  the  portion  of  the 
Company’s net assets attributable to the economic interests held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF 
Energy, by the public common unit holders of PBFX and by the third party stockholder of T&M Terminal Company 
and  Collins  Pipeline  Company.  PBF  Energy’s  weighted-average  equity  noncontrolling  interest  ownership 
percentage in PBF LLC for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately 3.4% and 4.7%, 
respectively. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest on our consolidated balance sheet attributable to 
the noncontrolling interest is not equal to the noncontrolling interest ownership percentage due to the effect of 
income taxes and related agreements that pertain solely to PBF Energy.

2016 Compared to 2015 

Overview—Net income for PBF Energy was $225.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared 
to $195.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. Net income attributable to PBF Energy stockholders was 
$170.8 million, or $1.74 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2016 ($1.74 per share on a fully-
exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income, or a net loss of $1.41 per share on a 
fully-exchanged, fully- diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net loss excluding special items, as described 
below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures) compared to net income attributable to PBF Energy stockholders of 
$146.4 million, or $1.65 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2015 ($1.65 per share on a fully-
exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income, or $4.27 net income per share on a 
fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income excluding special items, as 
described below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures). The net income or loss attributable to PBF Energy represents 
PBF Energy’s equity interest in PBF LLC’s pre-tax income (loss), less applicable income tax expense. PBF Energy’s 
weighted-average equity interest in PBF LLC was 95.3% and 94.0% for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 
2015, respectively.

Our results for the year ended December 31, 2016 were positively impacted by a non-cash special item 
consisting of a pre-tax LCM inventory adjustment of approximately $521.3 million or $317.7 million net of tax, 
whereas our results for the year ended December 31, 2015 were negatively impacted by a pre-tax LCM inventory 
adjustment of approximately $427.2 million, or $258.0 million net of tax. These LCM inventory adjustments were 

80

recorded due to significant changes in the price of crude oil and refined products in the periods presented. Excluding 
the impact of the net change in LCM inventory reserve, our results were negatively impacted by unfavorable 
movements in certain crude oil differentials, lower crack spreads, increased costs to comply with the RFS, and 
increased interest costs partially offset by positive earnings contributions from the Chalmette and Torrance refineries 
and higher throughput in the Mid-Continent. Throughput volumes for 2015 in the Mid-Continent were impacted 
by unplanned downtime in the second quarter of 2015.

Revenues— Revenues totaled $15.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $13.1 billion
for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of approximately $2.8 billion, or 21.3%. Revenues per barrel 
were $59.77 and $69.66 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of 14.2% directly 
related to lower hydrocarbon commodity prices. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the total throughput rates 
at our East Coast, Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast refineries averaged approximately 327,000 bpd, 159,100 bpd 
and 169,300 bpd, respectively. For the period from its acquisition on July 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016, 
our West Coast refinery’s throughput averaged 143,900 bpd. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the total 
throughput rates at our East Coast and Mid-Continent refineries averaged approximately 330,700 bpd and 153,800
bpd, respectively. For the period from its acquisition on November 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015, our Gulf 
Coast refinery’s throughput averaged 190,800 bpd. The slight decrease in throughput rates at our East Coast 
refineries in 2016 compared to 2015 is primarily due to weather-related unplanned downtime at our Delaware City 
refinery in the first quarter of 2016, partially offset by downtime at our Delaware City refinery in 2015. The increase 
in throughout rates at our Mid-Continent refinery in 2016 is due to unplanned downtime in the second quarter of 
2015. Our Gulf Coast and West Coast refineries were not acquired until the fourth quarter of 2015 and third quarter 
of 2016, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the total refined product barrels sold at our East 
Coast, Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast refineries averaged approximately 364,100 bpd, 171,800 bpd and 206,400
bpd, respectively. For the period from its acquisition on July 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016, refined product 
barrels sold at our West Coast refinery averaged approximately 179,200 bpd. For the year ended December 31, 
2015, the total refined product barrels sold at our East Coast and Mid-Continent refineries averaged approximately 
366,100 bpd and 162,600 bpd, respectively. For the period from its acquisition on November 1, 2015 through 
December 31, 2015, the total refined product barrels sold at our Gulf Coast refinery averaged 216,100 bpd. Total 
refined product barrels sold were higher than throughput rates, reflecting sales from inventory as well as sales and 
purchases of refined products outside the refinery.

Gross  Margin—  Gross  margin,  including  refinery  operating  expenses  and  depreciation,  totaled  $727.5 
million, or $2.73 per barrel of throughput, for the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to $571.5 million, or 
$3.03 per barrel of throughput, for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $156.0 million. Gross refining 
margin (as defined below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures) totaled $2,143.4 million, or $8.05 per barrel of 
throughput ($1,622.1 million or $6.09 per barrel of throughput excluding the impact of special items), for the year 
ended December 31, 2016 compared to $1,512.3 million, or $8.02 per barrel of throughput ($1,939.6 million or 
$10.29 per barrel of throughput excluding the impact of special items), for the year ended December 31, 2015, an 
increase of approximately $631.1 million or a decrease of approximately $317.5 million excluding special items. 

Excluding the impact of special items, gross margin and gross refining margin decreased due to unfavorable 
movements in certain crude differentials, lower crack spreads as persistent above-average refined product inventory 
levels weighed on margins, and increased costs to comply with the RFS, partially offset by higher throughput rates 
in the Mid-Continent and positive margin contributions from the Chalmette and Torrance refineries acquired in 
the fourth quarter of 2015 and third quarter of 2016, respectively. Costs to comply with our obligation under the 
RFS totaled $236.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 (excluding our Gulf Coast and West Coast 
refineries, whose costs to comply with RFS totaled $111.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016) compared 
to $163.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 (excluding our Gulf Coast refinery, whose costs to comply 
with RFS totaled $8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2015). In addition, gross margin and gross refining 
margin were positively impacted by a non-cash LCM inventory adjustment of approximately $521.3 million 
resulting from the change in crude oil and refined product prices from the year ended 2015 to the year ended 2016 
which, while remaining below historical costs, increased since the prior year end. The non-cash LCM inventory 

81

adjustment decreased gross margin and gross refining margin by approximately $427.2 million in the year ended 
December 31, 2015.

Average industry refining margins in the Mid-Continent were weaker during the year ended December 31, 
2016, as compared to the same period in 2015. The WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 industry crack spread was $12.38 per 
barrel or 30.9% lower, in the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to $17.91 per barrel in the same period 
in 2015. Our margins were negatively impacted from our refinery specific crude slate in the Mid-Continent which 
was impacted by a declining WTI/Bakken differential and a declining WTI/Syncrude differential, which averaged 
a premium of $2.01 per barrel for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to a premium of $1.45 per barrel 
in the same period in 2015. 

The Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 industry crack spread was approximately $13.49 per barrel, or 17.5% lower, 
in the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to $16.35 per barrel in the same period in 2015. The Dated 
Brent/WTI differential and Dated Brent/Maya differential were $3.29 and $1.09 lower, respectively, in the year 
ended December 31, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015. In addition, the WTI/Bakken differential was 
approximately $1.57 per barrel less favorable in the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same period 
in 2015. Reductions in these benchmark crude differentials typically result in higher crude costs and negatively 
impact our earnings.

Operating Expenses— Operating expenses totaled $1,423.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016
compared to $904.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $518.7 million, or 57.3%. Of 
the total $1,423.2 million of operating expenses, approximately $1,390.6 million, or $5.22 per barrel of throughput, 
related to expenses incurred by the Refining segment, while the remaining $32.6 million related to expenses incurred 
by the Logistics segment ($15.1 million of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 related to 
the Logistics segment). The increase in operating expenses was mainly attributable to the operating expenses 
associated with the Chalmette and Torrance refineries and related logistics assets. For the year ended December 
31, 2016 and for the period from its acquisition on November 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015, the Chalmette refinery 
and  related  logistics  assets  incurred  operating  expenses  of  approximately  $343.9  million  and  $52.1  million, 
respectively. In the period from its acquisition on July 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016, the Torrance refinery and 
related logistics assets incurred operating expenses of approximately $250.5 million. Total operating expenses at 
our refineries, excluding our Chalmette and Torrance refineries, decreased slightly for the year ended December 
31, 2016, primarily due to lower energy costs and maintenance costs. The reduction in energy costs was mainly 
due to lower natural gas prices while the reduction in maintenance costs was mainly due to timing of repairs and 
certain  non-recurring  maintenance  costs  incurred  in  2015.  These  reductions  were  partially  offset  by  higher 
employee-related expenses, primarily attributable to merit increases in salaries. The operating expenses related to 
the Logistics segment consists of costs related to the operation and maintenance of PBFX’s assets, which were 
higher primarily due to the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase in 2016 and the acquisition from PBF LLC of 50% of the 
issued and outstanding limited liability company interests of TVPC. 

General and Administrative Expenses— General and administrative expenses totaled $166.5 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2016, compared to $181.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of 
$14.8 million or 8.2%. The decrease in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 
over 2015 primarily relates to reduced employee related expenses of $39.3 million mainly due to lower incentive 
compensation  expenses,  partially  offset  by  $15.6  million  in  additional  outside  services  costs  to  support  our 
acquisitions and related integration activities, an increase of $9.2 million in equity compensation expense related 
to incremental grants in 2016 and accelerated vesting of awards due to retirements, as well as increased expenses 
of $3.1 million at PBFX, primarily as a result of the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase. Our general and administrative 
expenses are comprised of the personnel, facilities and other infrastructure costs necessary to support our refineries.

Loss (gain) on Sale of Assets— There was a loss of $11.4 million on sale of assets for the year ended 
December 31, 2016 relating to the sale of non-refining assets as compared to a gain of $1.0 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2015, which related to the sale of railcars which were subsequently leased back.  

82

Depreciation and Amortization Expense— Depreciation and amortization expense totaled $222.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to $197.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an 
increase of $24.8 million. The increase was a result of additional depreciation expense associated with the assets 
acquired in the Chalmette and Torrance Acquisitions and the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase, and a general increase 
in our fixed asset base due to capital projects and turnarounds completed during 2016 and 2015.

Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability— Change in the Tax Receivable Agreement liability for the 
year ended December 31, 2016 represented a gain of $12.9 million as compared to a gain of $18.2 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2015.

Change in Fair Value of Catalyst Leases— Change in the fair value of catalyst leases represented a gain of 
$1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to a gain of $10.2 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2015. These gains relate to the change in value of the precious metals underlying the sale and 
leaseback of our refineries’ precious metals catalyst, which we are obligated to return or repurchase at fair market 
value on the lease termination dates. 

Interest Expense, net— Interest expense totaled $150.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, 
compared to $106.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $43.8 million. This increase is 
mainly attributable to higher interest costs associated with the issuance of the 2023 Senior Secured Notes in 
November 2015 and the drawdown on our Revolving Loan to partially fund the Torrance Acquisition in July 2016, 
partially offset by lower letter of credit fees. Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt including the 
PBFX credit facilities, costs related to the sale and leaseback of our precious metals catalyst, financing costs 
associated with the A&R Intermediation Agreements with J. Aron, letter of credit fees associated with the purchase 
of certain crude oils, and the amortization of deferred financing costs.

Income Tax Expense— PBF LLC is organized as a limited liability company and PBFX is a master limited 
partnership, both of which are treated as “flow-through” entities for federal income tax purposes and therefore are 
not subject to income tax, although certain subsidiaries of PBF Holding that are treated as C-Corporations for 
income tax purposes may have an income tax expense with respect to their income and gain, if any. The members 
of PBF LLC are required to include their proportionate share of PBF LLC’s taxable income or loss, which includes 
PBF LLC’s allocable share of PBFX’s pre-tax income or loss, on their respective tax returns. PBF LLC generally 
makes distributions to its members, per the terms of PBF LLC’s amended and restated limited liability company 
agreement, related to such taxes on a pro-rata basis. PBF Energy recognizes an income tax expense or benefit in 
our consolidated financial statements based on PBF Energy’s allocable share of PBF LLC’s pre-tax income or loss, 
which was approximately 95.3% and 94.0%, on a weighted-average basis for the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively. PBF Energy’s consolidated financial statements do not reflect any benefit or provision for 
income taxes on the pre-tax income or loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests in PBF LLC or PBFX 
(although, as described above, PBF LLC must make tax distributions to all its members on a pro-rata basis). PBF 
Energy’s effective tax rate, including the impact of noncontrolling interest, for the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015 was 37.9% and 30.7%, respectively, reflecting tax adjustments for discrete items and the impact of tax 
return to income tax provision adjustments.

Noncontrolling Interests— PBF Energy is the sole managing member of, and has a controlling interest in, 
PBF LLC. As the sole managing member of PBF LLC, PBF Energy operates and controls all of the business and 
affairs  of  PBF  LLC  and  its  subsidiaries.  PBF  Energy  consolidates  the  financial  results  of  PBF  LLC  and  its 
subsidiaries, including PBFX. With respect to the consolidation of PBF LLC, the Company records a noncontrolling 
interest for the economic interest in PBF LLC held by members other than PBF Energy, and with respect to the 
consolidation of PBFX, the Company records a noncontrolling interest for the economic interests in PBFX held 
by the public unit holders of PBFX, and with respect to the consolidation of PBF Holding, the Company records 
a 20% noncontrolling interest for the ownership interests in two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining held by a third 
party. The total noncontrolling interest on the consolidated statement of operations represents the portion of the 
Company’s earnings or loss attributable to the economic interests held by members of PBF Energy other than PBF 
Energy and by the public common unit holders of PBFX and by the third party holder of certain of Chalmette 

83

Refining’s  subsidiaries.  The  total  noncontrolling  interest  on  the  balance  sheet  represents  the  portion  of  the 
Company’s net assets attributable to the economic interests held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF 
Energy, by the public common unit holders of PBFX and by the third party stockholder of T&M Terminal Company 
and  Collins  Pipeline  Company.  PBF  Energy’s  weighted-average  equity  noncontrolling  interest  ownership 
percentage in PBF LLC for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately 4.7% and 6.0%, 
respectively. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest on our consolidated balance sheet attributable to 
the noncontrolling interest is not equal to the noncontrolling interest ownership percentage due to the effect of 
income taxes and related agreements that pertain solely to PBF Energy.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Management uses certain financial measures to evaluate our operating performance that are calculated and 
presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with GAAP (“non-GAAP”). These measures 
should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance 
with GAAP, and our calculations thereof may not be comparable to similarly entitled measures reported by other 
companies.

Special Items

The non-GAAP measures presented include Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income excluding special items, 
EBITDA excluding special items, and gross refining margin excluding special items. The special items for the 
periods presented relate to an LCM inventory adjustment, changes in the Tax Receivable Agreement liability, debt 
extinguishment costs, a net tax benefit related to the TCJA and a net tax expense associated with the remeasurement 
of Tax Receivable Agreement associated deferred tax assets (as further explained in “Notes to Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures” below on page 90). Although we believe that non-GAAP financial measures, excluding the impact of 
special items, provide useful supplemental information to investors regarding the results and performance of our 
business  and  allow  for  helpful  period-over-period  comparisons,  such  non-GAAP  measures  should  only  be 
considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial measures prepared in 
accordance with GAAP.

Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income and Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) Excluding Special 
Items 

PBF  Energy  utilizes  results  presented  on  an Adjusted  Fully-Converted  basis  that  reflects  an  assumed 
exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of Class A common stock of PBF Energy. In addition, we 
present results on an Adjusted Fully-Converted basis excluding special items as described above. We believe that 
these Adjusted Fully-Converted measures, when presented in conjunction with comparable GAAP measures, are 
useful to investors to compare PBF Energy results across different periods and to facilitate an understanding of 
our operating results. Neither Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income nor Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income 
(Loss) excluding special items should be considered an alternative to net income (loss) presented in accordance 
with GAAP. Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income and Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) excluding 
special items presented by other companies may not be comparable to our presentation, since each company may 
define these terms differently. The differences between Adjusted Fully-Converted and GAAP results are as follows: 

84

1

2

Assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock. As 
a result of the assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units, the noncontrolling interest related to 
these units is converted to controlling interest. Management believes that it is useful to provide the per-
share effect associated with the assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units.

Income Taxes. Prior to PBF Energy’s IPO, we were organized as a limited liability company treated as a 
“flow-through” entity for income tax purposes, and even after PBF Energy’s IPO, not all of our earnings 
are subject to corporate-level income taxes. Adjustments have been made to the Adjusted Fully-Converted 
tax provisions and earnings to assume that we had adopted our post-IPO corporate tax structure for all 
periods presented and are taxed as a C-corporation in the U.S. at the prevailing corporate rates. These 
assumptions are consistent with the assumption in clause 1 above that all PBF LLC Series A Units are 
exchanged for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock, as the assumed exchange would change the 
amount of our earnings that is subject to corporate income tax.

85

The following table reconciles our Adjusted Fully-Converted results with our results presented in accordance 
with GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except share and per share 
amounts):

 
 
Net income attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders

Less: Income allocated to participating securities

Income available to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders - basic

Add: Net income attributable to
noncontrolling interest(1)
Less: Income tax expense(2)

Adjusted fully-converted net income
Special Items:
Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment(3)
Add: Change in Tax Receivable Agreement liability(3)
Add: Debt extinguishment costs(3)
Add: Net tax benefit related to the TCJA (4)
Add: Net tax expense on remeasurement of Tax 
Receivable Agreement associated deferred tax assets (4)
Less: Recomputed income taxes on special items(3)

Adjusted fully-converted net income (loss) excluding
special items

Weighted-average shares outstanding of PBF Energy Inc.

Conversion of PBF LLC Series A Units (5)
Common stock equivalents (6)

Fully-converted shares outstanding—diluted

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

$

$

2017
415,517
1,043
414,474

16,746
(6,633)
424,587

(295,532)
(250,922)
25,451
(173,346)

193,499
206,364

$

$

2016
170,811
—
170,811

14,903
(5,821)
179,893

(521,348)
(12,908)
—
—

—
208,686

2015
146,401
—
146,401

14,257
(5,646)
155,012

427,226
(18,150)
—
—

—
(161,994)

$

130,101

$

(145,677) $

402,094

109,779,407
3,823,783
295,655
113,898,845

98,334,302
4,865,133
407,274
103,606,709

88,106,999
5,530,568
501,283
94,138,850

Diluted net income per share
Adjusted fully-converted net income (per fully
exchanged, fully diluted shares outstanding)
Adjusted fully-converted net income (loss) excluding
special items (per fully exchanged, fully diluted shares
outstanding)

$

$

$

3.73

3.73

1.14

$

$

$

1.74

1.74

$

$

(1.41) $

1.65

1.65

4.27

—————————— 
See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 90 

Gross Refining Margin and Gross Refining Margin Excluding Special Items 

Gross  refining  margin  is  defined  as  gross  margin  excluding  refinery  depreciation,  refinery  operating 
expenses, and gross margin of PBFX. We believe both gross refining margin and gross refining margin excluding 
special items are important measures of operating performance and provide useful information to investors because 
they are helpful metric comparisons to the industry refining margin benchmarks, as the refining margin benchmarks 
do  not  include  a  charge  for  refinery  operating  expenses  and  depreciation.  In  order  to  assess  our  operating 
performance, we compare our gross refining margin (revenue less cost of products and other) to industry refining 
margin benchmarks and crude oil prices as defined in the table below.

86

Neither gross refining margin nor gross refining margin excluding special items should be considered an 
alternative to gross margin, operating income, net cash flows from operating activities or any other measure of 
financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Gross refining margin and gross refining 
margin excluding special items presented by other companies may not be comparable to our presentation, since 
each company may define these terms differently. The following table presents our GAAP calculation of gross 
margin and a reconciliation of gross refining margin to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, 
gross margin, on a historical basis, as applicable, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except per barrel 
amounts):

2017

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

$

per barrel of
throughput

$

per barrel of
throughput

$

per barrel of
throughput

$21,786,637 $

73.92

$15,920,424 $

59.77

$13,123,929 $

69.66

18,863,621

64.01

13,598,341

51.05

11,481,614

60.95

1,627,616

254,271

$ 1,041,129 $

5.52

0.86
3.53

$ 1,041,129 $

(254,813)

3.53
(0.86)

1,390,582

204,005
727,496 $

5.22

0.77
2.73

727,496 $
(187,335)

2.73
(0.70)

$

$

889,368

181,423
571,524 $

4.72

0.96
3.03

571,524 $
(138,719)

3.03
(0.74)

$

$

8,448

1,627,616

254,271

$ 2,676,651 $

0.03

5.52

0.86
9.08

8,701

1,390,582

204,005

$ 2,143,449 $

0.03

5.22

0.77
8.05

8,734

889,368

181,423

$ 1,512,330 $

0.05

4.72

0.96
8.02

(295,532)

(1.00)

(521,348)

(1.96)

427,226

2.27

$ 2,381,119 $

8.08

$ 1,622,101 $

6.09

$ 1,939,556 $

10.29

Calculation of gross
margin:
Revenues

Less: Cost of products
and other
Less: Refinery operating
expense
Less: Refinery
depreciation expense

Gross margin
Reconciliation of gross
margin to gross refining
margin:
Gross margin

Less: Revenues of PBFX
Add: Affiliate cost of
sales of PBFX
Add: Refinery operating
expense
Add: Refinery
depreciation expense
Gross refining margin
Special Items:
Add: Non-cash LCM 
inventory adjustment (3)

Gross refining margin
excluding special items

—————————— 
See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 90 

EBITDA, EBITDA Excluding Special Items and Adjusted EBITDA

Our management uses EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization), 
EBITDA  excluding  special  items  and Adjusted  EBITDA  as  measures  of  operating  performance  to  assist  in 
comparing performance from period to period on a consistent basis and to readily view operating trends, as a 
measure  for  planning  and  forecasting  overall  expectations  and  for  evaluating  actual  results  against  such 
expectations, and in communications with our board of directors, creditors, analysts and investors concerning our 

87

financial performance. Our outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money and other contractual obligations also 
include similar measures as a basis for certain covenants under those agreements which may differ from the Adjusted 
EBITDA definition described below.

EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA are not presentations made in accordance 
with GAAP and our computation of EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA may vary 
from others in our industry. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA contains some, but not all, adjustments that are taken 
into account in the calculation of the components of various covenants in the agreements governing our senior 
notes and other credit facilities. EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA should not be 
considered as alternatives to operating income (loss) or net income (loss) as measures of operating performance. 
In addition, EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA are not presented as, and should 
not be considered, an alternative to cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA is 
defined as EBITDA before adjustments for items such as equity-based compensation expense, gains (losses) from 
certain derivative activities and contingent consideration, the non-cash change in the deferral of gross profit related 
to the sale of certain finished products, the write down of inventory to the LCM, changes in the liability for Tax 
Receivable Agreement due to factors out of our control such as changes in tax rates, debt extinguishment costs 
related to refinancing activities and certain other non-cash items. Other companies, including other companies in 
our industry, may calculate EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we 
do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted 
EBITDA also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for 
analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include that EBITDA, EBITDA excluding 
special items and Adjusted EBITDA:

• do not reflect depreciation expense or our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures 

or contractual commitments;

• do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;
• do not reflect our interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, 

on our debt;

• do not reflect realized and unrealized gains and losses from certain hedging activities, which may have a 

substantial impact on our cash flow;

• do not reflect certain other non-cash income and expenses; and
• exclude income taxes that may represent a reduction in available cash.

88

The following tables reconcile net income as reflected in our results of operations to EBITDA, EBITDA 

excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 

Reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and EBITDA
excluding special items:
Net income

Add: Depreciation and amortization expense
Add: Interest expense, net
Add: Income tax expense

EBITDA
  Special Items:

Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment (3)
Add: Change in Tax Receivable Agreement liability (3)
Add: Debt extinguishment costs (3)

EBITDA excluding special items

Reconciliation of EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA:
EBITDA

Add: Stock based compensation
Add: Change in Tax Receivable Agreement liability (3)
Add: Net non-cash change in fair value of catalyst leases
Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment (3)
Add: Debt extinguishment costs (3)

Adjusted EBITDA

—————————— 
See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 90 

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

$

$

483,431
290,956
154,427
315,584
1,244,398

(295,532)
(250,922)
25,451
723,395

1,244,398
26,848
(250,922)
2,247
(295,532)
25,451
752,490

$

$

$

$

$

225,518
222,176
150,045
137,650
735,389

(521,348)
(12,908)
—
201,133

735,389
22,656
(12,908)
(1,422)
(521,348)
—
222,367

$

$

$

$

$

195,533
197,417
106,187
86,725
585,862

427,226
(18,150)
—
994,938

585,862
13,497
(18,150)
(10,184)
427,226
—
998,251

89

Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The following notes are applicable to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures above: 

(1) 

Represents the elimination of the noncontrolling interest associated with the ownership by the members of 
PBF LLC other than PBF Energy, as if such members had fully exchanged their PBF LLC Series A Units 
for shares of PBF Energy’s Class A common stock.

(2)  Represents an adjustment to reflect our statutory corporate tax rate of approximately 39.6%, 39.1% and 
39.6%  for  the  2017,  2016  and  2015  periods,  respectively,  applied  to  the  net  income  attributable  to 
noncontrolling interest for all periods presented. The adjustment assumes the full exchange of existing PBF 
LLC Series A Units as described in (1) above. Our statutory tax rates will be reduced in future periods as a 
result of the TCJA enactment. 

(3) 

 

 

 
 

Special items: The special items for the periods presented relate to an LCM adjustment, changes in the Tax 
Receivable Agreement liability, debt extinguishment costs, a net tax benefit related to the TCJA and a net 
tax expense associated with the remeasurement of Tax Receivable Agreement associated deferred tax assets 
as further described below.
 
      (a) In accordance with GAAP, we are required to state our inventories at the lower of cost or market. 
Our inventory cost is determined by the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) inventory valuation methodology, in 
which the most recently incurred costs are charged to cost of sales and inventories are valued at base layer 
acquisition costs. Market is determined based on an assessment of the current estimated replacement cost 
and net realizable selling price of the inventory. In periods where the market price of our inventory declines 
substantially, cost values of inventory may exceed market values. In such instances, we record an adjustment 
to write down the value of inventory to market value in accordance with GAAP. In subsequent periods, the 
value of inventory is reassessed and an LCM inventory adjustment is recorded to reflect the net change in 
the LCM inventory reserve between the prior period and the current period. The net impact of these LCM 
inventory adjustments are included in the Refining segment’s operating income, but are excluded from the 
operating results presented in the table in order to make such information comparable between periods.
The following table includes the lower of cost or market inventory reserve as of each date presented (in 
thousands):

January 1,
December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

595,988
300,456

1,117,336
595,988

$

2015

690,110
1,117,336

The following table includes the corresponding impact of changes in the lower of cost or market inventory 
reserve on operating income and net income for the periods presented (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

Net LCM inventory adjustment benefit
(charge) in operating income
Net LCM inventory adjustment benefit
(charge) in net income

$

295,532

$

521,348

$

178,475

317,704

(427,226)

(258,045)

(b) Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2017 we recorded a change in Tax Receivable 
Agreement liability that increased operating income and net income by $250.9 million and $151.5 million, 
respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2016 we recorded a change in Tax Receivable Agreement 
liability that increased operating income and net income by $12.9 million and $7.8 million, respectively. 
During the year ended December 31, 2015 we recorded a change in Tax Receivable Agreement liability that 

90

increased operating income and net income by $18.2 million and $11.0 million, respectively. The changes 
in Tax Receivable Agreement liabilities reflect charges or benefits attributable to changes in our obligation 
under the Tax Receivable Agreement due to factors out of our control such as changes in tax rates.

(c) Furthermore, during the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded pre-tax debt extinguishment 
costs of $25.5 million related to the redemption of the 2020 Senior Secured Notes. These nonrecurring 
charges decreased net income by $15.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. There were no such 
costs in the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

(d) In addition to these items, our current year results also include a special item related to the 
enactment of the TCJA. Under GAAP, we are required to recognize the effect of the TCJA in the period of 
enactment. As described further in (4) below, these effects  resulted in a net tax expense associated with the 
remeasurement of Tax Receivable Agreement associated deferred tax assets and a net tax benefit for the 
reduction of our deferred tax liabilities as a result of the TCJA. 

The income tax impact of these special items, other than TCJA related items discussed in (4) below, 

were calculated using the tax rates shown in (2) above.

(4)   As noted in “Note 19 - Income Taxes” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company 
made a one-time adjustment to deferred tax assets and liabilities in relation to the TCJA. The net income 
tax expense impact of $20.2 million consists of a net tax expense of $193.5 million associated with the 
remeasurement of Tax Receivable Agreement associated deferred tax assets and a net tax benefit of $173.3 
million for the reduction of our deferred tax liabilities as a result of the TCJA.

(5)   Represents an adjustment to weighted-average diluted shares to assume the full exchange of existing PBF 

LLC Series A Units as described in (1) above.

(6)  Represents weighted-average diluted shares outstanding assuming the conversion of all common stock 
equivalents, including options and warrants for PBF LLC Series A Units and options for shares of PBF 
Energy Class A common stock as calculated under the treasury stock method (to the extent the impact of 
such exchange would not be anti-dilutive) for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. Common 
stock equivalents exclude the effects of options and warrants to purchase 6,820,275, 5,701,750 and 2,943,750 
shares of PBF Energy’s Class A common stock and PBF LLC Series A Units because they are anti-dilutive 
for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Overview

Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash flows from operations and borrowing availability under our 
credit facilities, as more fully described below. We believe that our cash flows from operations and available capital 
resources will be sufficient to meet our and our subsidiaries capital expenditure, working capital, dividend payments, 
debt service and share repurchase program requirements, as well as our obligations under the Tax Receivable 
Agreement, for the next twelve months. However, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations 
depends, in part, on petroleum oil market pricing and general economic, political and other factors beyond our 
control. We are in compliance as of December 31, 2017 with all of the covenants, including financial covenants, 
in all of our debt agreements. 

Cash Flow Analysis

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities was $685.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared 
to net cash provided by operating activities of $651.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Our operating 
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2017 included our net income of $483.4 million, deferred income tax 

91

expense of $313.8 million, depreciation and amortization of $299.9 million, pension and other post-retirement 
benefits costs of $42.2 million, equity-based compensation of $26.8 million, debt extinguishment costs related to 
the refinancing of our 2020 Senior Secured Notes of $25.5 million, the change in the fair value of our inventory 
repurchase obligations of $13.8 million, changes in the fair value of our catalyst leases of $2.2 million and a loss 
on the sale of assets of $1.5 million, partially offset by change in the Tax Receivable Agreement liability of $250.9 
million and net non-cash benefits relating to an LCM inventory adjustment of $295.5 million. In addition, net 
changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected sources of cash of approximately $23.2 million driven by the 
timing of inventory purchases, payments for accrued expenses and accounts payable and collections of accounts 
receivable. Our operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2016 included our net income of $225.5 
million, depreciation and amortization of $232.9 million, deferred income taxes of $244.8 million, the change in 
the fair value of our inventory repurchase obligations of $29.5 million, pension and other post-retirement benefits 
costs of $38.0 million, equity-based compensation of $22.7 million and a loss on the sale of assets of $11.4 million, 
partially offset by net non-cash benefits relating to an LCM inventory adjustment of $521.3 million, change in the 
Tax Receivable Agreement liability of $12.9 million and changes in the fair value of our catalyst leases of $1.4 
million. In addition, net changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected sources of cash of approximately $382.9 
million driven by the timing of inventory purchases, payments for accrued expenses and accounts payable and 
collections of accounts receivable. 

Net cash provided by operating activities was $651.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared 
to net cash provided by operating activities of $560.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our operating 
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2015 included our net income of $195.5 million, plus net non-cash 
charges relating to an LCM inventory adjustment of $427.2 million, depreciation and amortization of $207.0 
million, the changes in the fair value of our inventory repurchase obligations of $63.4 million, pension and other 
post-retirement benefits of $27.0 million, and equity-based compensation of $13.5 million, partially offset by 
change in deferred income taxes of $5.6 million, changes in the fair value of our catalyst leases of $10.2 million, 
change in the Tax Receivable Agreement liability of $18.2 million, and a gain on sale of assets of $1.0 million. In 
addition, net changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected uses of cash of $338.3 million driven by the timing 
of inventory purchases, payments for accrued expenses and accounts payable and collections of accounts receivable. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities was $687.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared 
to $1,393.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The net cash flows used in investing activities for the 
year  ended  December 31,  2017  was  comprised  of  cash  outflows  of  $306.7  million  for  capital  expenditures, 
expenditures  for  refinery  turnarounds  of  $379.1  million,  expenditures  for  other  assets  of  $31.1  million  and 
expenditures for the acquisition of Toledo Products Terminal by PBFX of $10.1 million, partially offset by $40.0 
million  of  net  maturities  of  marketable  securities.  Net  cash  used  in  investing  activities  for  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2016 was comprised of cash outflows of $971.9 million used to fund the Torrance Acquisition, 
capital expenditures totaling $298.7 million, expenditures for turnarounds of $198.7 million, expenditures for other 
assets of $42.5 million, cash consideration of $98.4 million used to fund the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase, and 
final net working capital settlement of $2.7 million associated with the acquisition of the Chalmette refinery, 
partially offset by $194.2 million of net maturities of marketable securities and $24.7 million in proceeds from the 
sale of assets. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $1,393.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared 
to $812.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 
December 31, 2015 was comprised of $565.3 million used in the acquisition of the Chalmette refinery, capital 
expenditures totaling $354.0 million, expenditures for refinery turnarounds of $53.6 million, and expenditures for 
other assets of $8.2 million, partially offset by $168.3 million in proceeds from the sale of assets and net proceeds 
from the sale of marketable securities of $0.7 million. 

92

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities was $172.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared 
to net cash provided by financing activities of $544.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. For the year
ended December 31, 2017, net cash used in financing activities consisted of distributions and dividends of $181.6 
million, full repayment of the PBFX Term Loan of $39.7 million, net repayments of the PBFX Revolver of $159.5 
million, payments of principal under the PBF Rail Term Loan of $6.6 million, deferred financing costs related to 
the PBFX Senior Notes of $3.7 million, repayment of the note payable of $1.2 million and repurchases of our 
common stock in connection with tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of certain restricted stock awards 
of $1.0 million, partially offset by the proceeds from the issuance of the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes of $178.5 
million, cash proceeds of $21.4 million from the issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes net of cash paid to redeem the 
2020 Senior Secured Notes and related issuance costs, proceeds from precious metals catalyst leases of $10.8 
million  and  proceeds  from  stock  options  exercised  of  $10.5  million.  Additionally,  during  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2017, we borrowed and repaid $490.0 million under our Revolving Loan resulting in no net change 
to amounts outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2016, net cash 
provided by financing activities consisted primarily of $138.4 million in proceeds from the issuance of PBFX 
common units, net proceeds from the Revolving Loan of $350.0 million, $275.3 million in proceeds from the 
December 2016 Equity Offering, net proceeds from the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility of $164.7 million, proceeds 
from the PBF Rail Term Loan of $35.0 million and proceeds from precious metals catalyst leases of $15.6 million, 
partially offset by distributions and dividends of $172.2 million, repayments on the PBFX Term Loan of $194.5 
million, repayments on the Rail Facility of $67.5 million and repurchases of our common stock in connection with 
tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of certain restricted stock awards totaling $0.7 million. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was $544.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared 
to net cash provided by financing activities of $798.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. For the year 
ended December 31, 2015, net cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of $500.0 million in 
proceeds from the 2023 Senior Secured Notes, $350.0 million in proceeds from the PBFX Senior Notes, $344.0 
million in proceeds from the October 2015 Equity Offering, and $30.1 million in net proceeds from the Rail Facility, 
partially offset by net repayments on the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility of $250.6 million, distributions and 
dividends of $148.8 million,  deferred finance charges and other of $17.8 million, treasury stock purchases totaling 
$8.1 million and net repayments on the PBFX Term Loan of $0.7 million. 

93

Capitalization

Our capital structure was comprised of the following as of December 31, 2017 (in millions):

December 31, 2017

Debt, including current maturities:

PBF Holding debt (1)

7.25% Senior Notes due 2025
7.00% Senior Notes due 2023 (2)
Revolving Loan
PBF Rail Term Loan
Note payable
Catalyst leases

PBF Holding debt

PBFX debt

PBFX Revolving Credit Facility (3)
6.875% PBFX Senior Notes due 2023 (3)

PBFX debt

Unamortized deferred financing costs
Unamortized premium on new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes
Total debt, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and premium
Total Equity
Total Capitalization
Total Debt to Capitalization Ratio
_______________________________________________

$

$

725.0
500.0
350.0
28.4
5.6
59.0
1,668.0

29.7
525.0
554.7
(34.5)
3.4
2,191.6
2,902.9
5,094.5

43%

(1) Excludes intercompany debt that is eliminated at the PBF Energy level.

(2) These notes became unsecured following the occurrence of the “Collateral Fall-Away Event” as defined under 
the indenture governing the 2025 Senior Notes, which occurred on May 30, 2017.

(3) On October 6, 2017, PBFX issued $175.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the new PBFX 2023 Senior 
Notes. The new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued under the indenture governing the initial PBFX 2023 Senior 
Notes issued on May 12, 2015. PBFX used the net proceeds from the offering of the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes 
to repay a portion of the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility and for general capital purposes.

______

Our total debt, net of unamortized deferred financing costs to capitalization ratio was 43% and 46% at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. 

2017 Debt Transactions

  On October 6, 2017, PBFX issued the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes. The new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes 
were issued under the indenture governing the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes issued on May 12, 2015. The new 
PBFX 2023 Senior Notes are treated as a single series with the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes and have the same 
terms as those initial notes except that (i) the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes are subject to a separate registration 
rights agreement and (ii) the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued initially under CUSIP numbers different 
from the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes. PBFX used the net proceeds from the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes to 
repay a portion of the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility and for general capital purposes.

94

 On May 30, 2017, PBF Holding entered into an Indenture (the “Indenture”) among PBF Holding and PBF 
Holding’s wholly-owned subsidiary, PBF Finance Corporation (“PBF Finance” and, together with PBF Holding, 
the  “Issuers”),  the  guarantors  named  therein  (collectively  the  “Guarantors”)  and Wilmington Trust,  National 
Association, as Trustee, under which the Issuers issued $725.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 
Senior Notes. The Issuers received net proceeds of approximately $711.6 million from the offering after deducting 
the initial purchasers’ discount and estimated offering expenses. PBF Holding used the net proceeds to fund the 
Tender Offer for any and all of its outstanding 2020 Senior Secured Notes, to pay the related redemption price and 
accrued and unpaid interest for any 2020 Senior Secured Notes that remained outstanding after the completion of 
the Tender Offer, and for general corporate purposes. The difference between the carrying value of the 2020 Senior 
Secured Notes on the date they were reacquired and the amount for which they were reacquired has been classified 
as debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statements of operations.

As noted in “Note 9 - Credit Facility and Long-term Debt” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, during 2017 PBFX used borrowings under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility to repay the amount 
outstanding under the PBFX Term Loan. The PBFX Term Loan was fully repaid as of December 31, 2017. 

Revolving Credit Facilities Overview

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations with additional sources available under 
borrowing capacity from our revolving lines of credit. As of December 31, 2017, we had $573.0 million of cash 
and cash equivalents, $350.0 million outstanding under the PBF Holding Revolving Loan and $29.7 million 
outstanding under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility. We believe available capital resources will be adequate to 
meet our capital expenditure, working capital and debt service requirements. We had available capacity under 
revolving credit facilities as follows at December 31, 2017 (in millions):

PBF Holding Revolving Loan (a)
PBFX Revolving Credit Facility
Total Credit Facilities
___________________________________

Total Capacity
2,635.0
$
360.0
2,995.0

$

Amount Borrowed as
of December 31, 2017
350.0
$
29.7
379.7

$

Outstanding

Letters of Credit
586.3
$
3.6
589.9

$

Available
Capacity
869.0
$
$
326.7
1,195.7
$

Expiration date
August 2019
May 2019

(a)    

The amount available for borrowings and letters of credit under the Revolving Loan is calculated according to a “borrowing base” 
formula based on (i) 90% of the book value of eligible accounts receivable with respect to investment grade obligors plus (ii) 85% 
of the book value of eligible accounts receivable with respect to non-investment grade obligors plus (iii) 80% of the cost of eligible 
hydrocarbon inventory plus (iv) 100% of cash and cash equivalents in deposit accounts subject to a control agreement. The borrowing 
base is subject to customary reserves and eligibility criteria and in any event cannot exceed $2.635 billion.

Additional Information on Indebtedness

Our debt, including our revolving credit facilities, term loans and senior notes, include certain typical 
financial covenants and restrictions on our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things, incur or guarantee new 
debt, engage in certain business activities including transactions with affiliates and asset sales, make investments 
or distributions, engage in mergers or pay dividends in certain circumstances. These covenants are subject to a 
number of important exceptions and qualifications. For further discussion of our indebtedness and these covenants 
and restrictions, see “Note 9 - Credit Facilities and Debt” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

PBF Holding and PBFX were in compliance with their respective covenants as of December 31, 2017.

Cash Balances

As of December 31, 2017, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $573.0 million. 

95

Liquidity

As of December 31, 2017, our total liquidity was approximately $1,442.0 million, compared to total liquidity 
of approximately $1,280.9 million as of December 31, 2016. Our total liquidity is equal to the amount of excess 
availability under the Revolving Loan, which includes our cash balance at December 31, 2017. Separately, as of 
December 31, 2017 PBFX had approximately $326.7 million of borrowing capacity under the PBFX Revolving 
Credit Facility which is available to fund working capital, acquisitions, distributions, capital expenditures, and 
other general corporate purposes.

Share Repurchases

Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $300.0 million of our Class A common stock, 
which expires on September 30, 2018. As of December 31, 2017 we have purchased approximately 6.05 million
shares of our Class A common stock under the Repurchase Program for $150.8 million through open market 
transactions. No repurchases of our Class A common stock were made during the year ended December 31, 2017. 
We currently have the ability to purchase approximately an additional $149.2 million in common stock under the 
approved Repurchased Program.

These  repurchases  may  be  made  from  time  to  time  through  various  methods,  including  open  market 
transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, certain of 
which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 plans. The timing and number of shares repurchased 
will depend on a variety of factors, including price, capital availability, legal requirements and economic and market 
conditions. We are not obligated to purchase any shares under the Repurchase Program, and repurchases may be 
suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice.

Working Capital

Working capital for PBF Energy at December 31, 2017 was approximately $1,384.0 million, consisting of 
$3,803.0  million  in  total  current  assets  and  $2,418.9  million  in  total  current  liabilities.  Working  capital  at 
December 31, 2016 was $1,350.7 million, consisting of $3,407.3 million in total current assets and $2,056.5 million
in total current liabilities. Working capital has slightly increased primarily as a result of positive earnings offset 
by  capital  expenditures,  including  turnaround  costs,  and  dividend  and  distributions  during  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2017.

Crude and Feedstock Supply Agreements

Additionally, certain of our purchases of crude oil under our agreements with foreign national oil companies 
require that we post letters of credit and arrange for shipment. We pay for the crude when invoiced, at which time 
the letters of credit are lifted. 

We have crude and feedstock supply agreements with PDVSA to supply 40,000 bpd to 60,000 bpd of crude 
oil that can be processed at any of our East and Gulf Coast refineries. We have not sourced crude oil under this 
arrangement since the third quarter of 2017 as PDVSA has suspended deliveries due to the parties’ inability to 
agree to mutually acceptable payment terms.

In connection with the closing of the Torrance Acquisition, we entered into a crude supply agreement with 

ExxonMobil for approximately 60,000 bpd of crude oil that can be processed at our Torrance refinery.

96

Inventory Intermediation Agreements 

On May 4, 2017 and September 8, 2017, PBF Holding and its subsidiaries, DCR and PRC, entered into 
amendments to the A&R Intermediation Agreements with J. Aron, pursuant to which certain terms of the existing 
inventory intermediation agreements were amended, including, among other things, pricing and an extension of 
the terms. As a result of the amendments (i) the A&R Intermediation Agreement by and among J. Aron, PBF 
Holding and PRC relating to the Paulsboro refinery extends the term to December 31, 2019, which term may be 
further extended by mutual consent of the parties to December 31, 2020 and (ii) the A&R Intermediation Agreement 
by and among J. Aron, PBF Holding and DCR relating to the Delaware City refinery extends the term to July 1, 
2019, which term may be further extended by mutual consent of the parties to July 1, 2020.

Pursuant to each A&R Intermediation Agreement, J. Aron continues to purchase and hold title to certain of 
the products produced by the Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries, respectively, and delivered into tanks at the 
refineries. Furthermore, J. Aron agrees to sell the products back to the refineries as the products are discharged out 
of the refineries’ tanks. J. Aron has the right to store the products purchased in tanks under the A&R Intermediation 
Agreements and will retain these storage rights for the term of the agreements. PBF Holding continues to market 
and sell independently to third parties. 

At December 31, 2017, the LIFO value of intermediates and finished products owned by J. Aron included 
within inventory on our balance sheet was $311.5 million. We accrue a corresponding liability for such intermediates 
and finished products.

Capital Spending

Net capital spending was $727.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, which primarily included 
turnaround costs, safety related enhancements, facility improvements at the refineries, and the acquisition of the 
Toledo Products Terminal by PBFX. We currently expect to spend an aggregate of $525.0 million to $550.0 million 
in net capital expenditures during 2018, excluding PBFX, for facility improvements and refinery maintenance and 
turnarounds. Significant capital spending plans for 2018 include turnarounds for the FCC at our Chalmette refinery, 
the coker at our Paulsboro refinery and several units at our Torrance and Delaware City refineries, as well as 
expenditures to meet environmental and regulatory requirements. In addition, PBFX expects to spend an aggregate 
of $20.0 to $25.0 million in net capital expenditures during 2018.

97

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

The following table summarizes our material contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2017 (in 
thousands).  The  table  below  does  not  include  any  contractual  obligations  with  PBFX  as  these  related  party 
transactions are eliminated upon consolidation of our financial statements.

Long-term debt (a)
Interest payments on debt facilities (a)
Operating Leases (b)
Purchase obligations (c):

Crude and Feedstock Supply and
Inventory Intermediation Agreements
Other Supply and Capacity
Agreements

Construction obligations
Environmental obligations (d)
Pension and post-retirement obligations (e)
Tax Receivable Agreement obligations (f)
Total contractual cash obligations

Payments due by period

Total

$ 2,217,114
820,542
407,463

$

Less than

1 year

1-3 Years

3-5 Years

$

16,065
133,322
107,042

$

422,683
254,674
172,176

28,366
248,093
92,015

More than

5 years

$ 1,750,000
184,453
36,230

10,201,901

2,816,889

4,478,361

2,906,651

—

1,078,328
26,808
154,380
336,076
362,142
$ 15,604,754

192,078
26,808
8,128
10,303
—
$ 3,310,635

229,368
—
16,360
21,818
118,479
$ 5,713,919

165,871
—
15,269
24,939
61,939
$ 3,543,143

491,011
—
114,623
279,016
181,724
$ 3,037,057

(a)  Long-term Debt and Interest Payments on Debt Facilities

Long-term obligations represent (i) the repayment of the outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Loan; 
(ii) the repayment of indebtedness incurred in connection with the Senior Notes; (iii) the repayment of our catalyst 
lease obligations on their maturity dates; (iv) the repayment of outstanding amounts under the PBFX Revolving 
Credit Facility, and the PBFX Senior Notes; and (v) the repayment of outstanding amounts under the PBF Rail 
Term Loan.

Interest payments on debt facilities include cash interest payments on the Senior Notes, PBFX Revolving 
Credit Facility, PBFX Senior Notes, catalyst lease obligations, PBF Rail Term Loan, plus cash payments for the 
commitment fees on the unused portion on our revolving credit facilities and letter of credit fees on the letters of 
credit outstanding at December 31, 2017. With the exception of our catalyst leases and note payable, we have no 
long-term debt maturing before 2019 as of December 31, 2017.

On May 30, 2017, we consummated the offering of the 2025 Senior Notes and used the funds for the 

redemption of the 2020 Senior Secured Notes and general corporate purposes.

On October 6, 2017, PBFX issued $175.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the new PBFX 2023 
Senior Notes. The new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued under the indenture governing the PBFX Senior 
Notes due 2023 issued on May 12, 2015. PBFX used the net proceeds from the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes 
offering to pay down a portion of the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility and for general capital purposes.

(b)  Operating Leases

We enter into operating leases in the normal course of business, some of these leases provide us with the 
option to renew the lease or purchase the leased item. Future operating lease obligations would change if we chose 
to  exercise  renewal  options  and  if  we  enter  into  additional  operating  lease  agreements.  Certain  of  our  lease 
obligations contain a fixed and variable component. The table above reflects the fixed component of our lease 
obligations. The variable component could be significant. Our operating lease obligations are further explained in 
“Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies” of our notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In support 

98

of our rail strategy, we have at times entered into agreements to lease or purchase crude railcars. A portion of these 
railcars were purchased via the Rail Facility entered into during 2014, which was repaid in full and terminated in 
connection with the execution of the PBF Rail Term Loan in 2016. Certain of these railcars were subsequently 
sold to third parties, which have leased the railcars back to us for periods of between four and seven years. 

(c)  Purchase Obligations

We have obligations to repurchase certain intermediates and refined products under separate inventory 
intermediation agreements with J. Aron as further explained in “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies”, “Note 5 - Inventories” and Note 8 - Accrued Expenses” of our notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. Additionally, purchase obligations under “Crude and Feedstock Supply and Inventory Intermediation 
Agreements” include commitments to purchase crude oil from certain counterparties under supply agreements 
entered into to ensure adequate supplies of crude oil for our refineries. These obligations are based on aggregate 
minimum volume commitments at 2017 year end market prices. 

Payments under “Other Supply and Capacity Agreements” include contracts for the transportation of crude 
oil and supply of hydrogen, steam, or natural gas to certain of our refineries, contracts for the treatment of wastewater, 
and contracts for pipeline capacity. We enter into these contracts to facilitate crude oil deliveries and to ensure an 
adequate  supply  of  energy  or  essential  services  to  support  our  refinery  operations.  Substantially  all  of  these 
obligations are based on fixed prices. Certain agreements include fixed or minimum volume requirements, while 
others are based on our actual usage. The amounts included in this table are based on fixed or minimum quantities 
to be purchased and the fixed or estimated costs based on market conditions as of December 31, 2017.

  (d) Environmental Obligations

In connection with the Paulsboro acquisition, we assumed certain environmental remediation obligations 
to  address  existing  soil  and  groundwater  contamination  at  the  site  and  recorded  a  liability  in  the  amount  of 
$10.3 million which reflects the present value of the current estimated cost of the remediation obligations assumed 
based on investigative work to-date. The undiscounted estimated costs related to these environmental remediation 
obligations were $15.8 million as of December 31, 2017.

In connection with the acquisition of the Delaware City assets, the prior owners remain responsible, subject 
to certain limitations, for certain pre-acquisition environmental obligations, including ongoing soil and groundwater 
remediation at the site.

In connection with the Delaware City assets and Paulsboro refinery acquisitions, we, along with the seller, 
purchased two individual ten-year, $75.0 million environmental insurance policies to insure against unknown 
environmental liabilities at each site.

In  connection  with  the  acquisition  of Toledo,  the  seller  initially  retains,  subject  to  certain  limitations, 

remediation obligations which will transition to us over a 20-year period.

In connection with the acquisition of the Chalmette refinery, the sellers provided $3.9 million financial 
assurance in the form of a surety bond to cover estimated potential site remediation costs associated with an agreed 
to  Administrative  Order  of  Consent  with  the  EPA.  Additionally,  we  purchased  a  ten  year  $100.0  million 
environmental insurance policy to insure against unknown environmental liabilities at the site. 

In connection with the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase, PBFX is responsible for the environmental remediation 
costs for conditions that existed on the closing date up to a maximum of $250 thousand per year for 10 years, with 
Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. remaining responsible for any and all additional costs above such amounts 
during such period. 

In connection with the Torrance Acquisition, we assumed certain environmental remediation obligations to 
address existing soil and groundwater contamination at the site and recorded a liability of $136.5 million as of 
December 31, 2017, which reflects the current estimated cost of the remediation obligations, expected to be paid 

99

out over an average period of approximately 20 years. Additionally, we purchased a ten year $100.0 million 
environmental insurance policy to insure against unknown environmental liabilities.

In connection with the acquisition of all of our refineries, we assumed certain environmental obligations 

under regulatory orders unique to each site, including orders regulating air emissions from each facility.

(e)  Pension and Post-retirement Obligations

Pension and post-retirement obligations include only those amounts we expect to pay out in benefit payments 
and are further explained in “Note 17 - Employee Benefit Plans” of our notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.

(f)  Tax Receivable Agreement Obligations

We used a portion of the proceeds from our IPO to purchase PBF LLC Series A Units from the members 
of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy. In addition, the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy may (subject 
to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of Class A common 
stock of PBF Energy on a one-for-one basis. As a result of both the purchase of PBF LLC Series A Units and 
subsequent secondary offerings and exchanges, PBF Energy is entitled to a proportionate share of the existing tax 
basis of the assets of PBF LLC. Such transactions have resulted in increases in the tax basis of the assets of PBF 
LLC that otherwise would not have been available. Both this proportionate share and these increases in tax basis 
have reduced the amount of the tax that PBF Energy would have otherwise been required to pay and may reduce 
the amount of tax that PBF Energy would otherwise be required to pay in the future. These increases in tax basis 
may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on the future disposition of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis 
is allocated to those capital assets. We have entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with the current and former 
members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy that provides for the payment by PBF Energy to such members of 
85% of the amount of the benefits, if any, that PBF Energy is deemed to realize as a result of (i) these increases in 
tax basis and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax 
benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. These payment obligations are obligations 
of PBF Energy and not of PBF LLC or any of its subsidiaries.

PBF  Energy  expects  to  obtain  funding  for  these  payments  by  causing  its  subsidiaries  to  make  cash 
distributions to PBF LLC, which, in turn, will distribute such amounts, generally as tax distributions, on a pro-rata 
basis to its owners, which as of December 31, 2017 include the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy 
holding a 3.3% interest and PBF Energy holding a 96.7% interest. The members of PBF LLC other than PBF 
Energy may continue to reduce their ownership in PBF LLC by exchanging their PBF LLC Series A Units for 
shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock. Such exchanges may result in additional increases in the tax basis 
of PBF Energy’s investment in PBF LLC and require PBF Energy to make increased payments under the Tax 
Receivable Agreement. Required payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement also may increase or become 
accelerated in certain circumstances, including certain changes of control. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks 
Related to Our Organizational Structure and Our Class A Common Stock—In certain cases, payments by us under 
the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in 
respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. These provisions may deter a change in 
control of our company.”

The table above reflects our estimated timing of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, including 
the impact of the TCJA, assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, and that we earn sufficient taxable 
income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement as of December 31, 2017. 

Tax Distributions

PBF LLC is required to make periodic tax distributions to the members of PBF LLC, including PBF Energy, 
pro rata in accordance with their respective percentage interests for such period (as determined under the amended 
and restated limited liability company agreement of PBF LLC), subject to available cash and applicable law and 
contractual restrictions (including pursuant to our debt instruments) and based on certain assumptions. Generally, 

100

these tax distributions will be an amount equal to our estimate of the taxable income of PBF LLC for the year 
multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local 
income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into account the 
nondeductibility  of  certain  expenses).  If,  with  respect  to  any  given  calendar  year,  the  aggregate  periodic  tax 
distributions were less than the actual taxable income of PBF LLC multiplied by the assumed tax rate, PBF LLC 
will make a “true up” tax distribution, no later than March 15 of the following year, equal to such difference, subject 
to the available cash and borrowings of PBF LLC. As these distributions are conditional they have been excluded 
from the table above. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2017, other than outstanding letters of credit 

of approximately $589.9 million and operating leases. 

During 2015, in aggregate we sold 1,122 of our owned crude railcars and concurrently entered into lease 
agreements for the same railcars. The lease agreements have varying terms from five to seven years. We received 
an aggregate cash payment for the railcars of approximately $168.3 million and expect to make payments totaling 
$99.4 million over the term of the lease for these railcars. In 2016, we sold approximately 120 of these railcars to 
optimize our railcar portfolio and entered into additional railcar leases outstanding with terms of up to 10 years.  
As of December 31, 2017, we expect to make lease payments of $46.6 million over the remaining term of these 
additional agreements.

Critical Accounting Policies

The following summary provides further information about our critical accounting policies that involve 
critical accounting estimates and should be read in conjunction with “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data.” The following accounting policies involve estimates that are considered critical due to the level of subjectivity 
and judgment involved, as well as the impact on our financial position and results of operations. We believe that 
all of our estimates are reasonable. Unless otherwise noted, estimates of the sensitivity to earnings that would result 
from  changes  in  the  assumptions  used  in  determining  our  estimates  is  not  practicable  due  to  the  number  of 
assumptions and contingencies involved, and the wide range of possible outcomes.

Inventory

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market. The cost of crude oil, feedstocks, blendstocks and 
refined products is determined under the LIFO method using the dollar value LIFO method with increments valued 
based on average cost during the year. The cost of supplies and other inventories is determined principally on the 
weighted average cost method. In addition, the use of the LIFO inventory method may result in increases or 
decreases to cost of sales in years that inventory volumes decline as the result of charging cost of sales with LIFO 
inventory costs generated in prior periods. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, market values had fallen below 
historical LIFO inventory costs and, as a result, we recorded lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserves 
of $300.5 million and $596.0 million, respectively. The $300.5 million lower of cost or market inventory valuation 
reserve as of December 31, 2017, or a portion thereof, is subject to reversal as a reduction to cost of products sold 
in subsequent periods as inventories giving rise to the reserve are sold, and a new reserve is established. Such a 
reduction to cost of products sold could be significant if inventory values return to historical cost price levels. 
Additionally, further decreases in overall inventory values could result in additional charges to cost of products 
sold should the lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve be increased.

Environmental Matters

Liabilities for future clean-up costs are recorded when environmental assessments and/or clean-up efforts 
are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Other than for assessments, the timing and magnitude of 
these accruals generally are based on the completion of investigations or other studies or a commitment to a formal 
plan of action. Environmental liabilities are based on best estimates of probable future costs using currently available 

101

technology  and  applying  current  regulations,  as  well  as  our  own  internal  environmental  policies. The  actual 
settlement of our liability for environmental matters could materially differ from our estimates due to a number of 
uncertainties  such  as  the  extent  of  contamination,  changes  in  environmental  laws  and  regulations,  potential 
improvements  in  remediation  technologies  and  the  participation  of  other  responsible  parties. Additionally,  in 
connection with the Torrance Acquisition on July 1, 2016, we assumed certain pre-existing environmental liabilities. 
While we believe that our current estimates of the amounts and timing of the costs related to the remediation of 
these liabilities are reasonable, we have had limited experience with these environmental obligations due to our 
short operating history. It is possible that our estimates of the costs and duration of the environmental remediation 
activities related to these liabilities could materially change.

Business Combinations 

We use the acquisition method of accounting for the recognition of assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
in business combinations at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. Any excess consideration 
transferred over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Significant 
judgment is required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired. As a result, in the case of significant acquisitions, 
we obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible 
assets based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering 
the perspective of marketplace participants. While management believes those expectations and assumptions are 
reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may 
occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.

Deferred Turnaround Costs

Refinery turnaround costs, which are incurred in connection with planned major maintenance activities at 
our refineries, are capitalized when incurred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of time estimated 
until the next turnaround occurs (generally three to five years). While we believe that the estimates of time until 
the next turnaround are reasonable, it should be noted that factors such as competition, regulation or environmental 
matters could cause us to change our estimates thus impacting amortization expense in the future.

Derivative Instruments

We are exposed to market risk, primarily related to changes in commodity prices for the crude oil and 
feedstocks we use in the refining process as well as the prices of the refined products we sell. The accounting 
treatment for commodity contracts depends on the intended use of the particular contract and on whether or not 
the contract meets the definition of a derivative. Non-derivative contracts are recorded at the time of delivery.

All derivative instruments that are not designated as normal purchases or sales are recorded in our balance 
sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at their fair values. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments 
that either are not designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment or normal purchase or normal sale 
accounting are recognized in income. Contracts qualifying for the normal purchases and sales exemption are 
accounted for upon settlement. We elect fair value hedge accounting for certain derivatives associated with our 
inventory repurchase obligations.

Derivative  accounting  is  complex  and  requires  management  judgment  in  the  following  respects: 
identification of derivatives and embedded derivatives; determination of the fair value of derivatives; identification 
of hedge relationships; assessment and measurement of hedge ineffectiveness; and election and designation of the 
normal purchases and sales exception. All of these judgments, depending upon their timing and effect, can have a 
significant impact on earnings.

Income Taxes and Tax Receivable Agreement

As a result of the our acquisition of PBF LLC Series A Units or exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units for 
PBF Energy Class A common stock, we expect to benefit from amortization and other tax deductions reflecting 
the step up in tax basis in the acquired assets. Those deductions will be allocated to us and will be taken into account 

102

in reporting our taxable income. As a result of a federal income tax election made by PBF LLC, applicable to a 
portion of our acquisition of PBF LLC Series A Units, the income tax basis of the assets of PBF LLC, underlying 
a portion of the units we acquired, has been adjusted based upon the amount that we paid for that portion of our 
PBF LLC Series A Units. We entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined in “Note 13 - Commitments 
and Contingencies” of the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements) which provides for the payment by us 
equal to 85% of the amount of the benefits, if any, that we are deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in tax 
basis and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits 
attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. As a result of these transactions, our tax basis in 
our share of PBF LLC’s assets will be higher than the book basis of these same assets. This resulted in a deferred 
tax asset of $325.4 million as of December 31, 2017, of which the majority is expected to be realized over 10 years 
as the tax basis of these assets is amortized.

Deferred  taxes  are  provided  using  a  liability  method,  whereby  deferred  tax  assets  are  recognized  for 
deductible temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. 
Temporary differences represent the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their 
tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more 
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are adjusted for the effect of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. We recognize tax 
benefits for uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable based on its 
technical merits. Interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions are included as a component of the provision for 
income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. As a result of the reduction of the corporate federal tax 
rate to 21% as part of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”), the liability associated with the Tax Receivable 
Agreement was reduced. Accordingly, the deferred tax assets associated with the payments made or expected to 
be made related to the Tax Receivable Agreement liability were also reduced.

Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement we entered into at the time of our initial public offering, we are 
required to pay the current and former PBF LLC Series A Unit holders, who exchange their units for PBF Energy 
stock or whose units we purchase, approximately 85% of the cash savings in income taxes that we are deemed to 
realize as a result of the increase in the tax basis of our interest in PBF LLC, including tax benefits attributable to 
payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. These payment obligations are of PBF Energy and not of 
PBF LLC or any of its subsidiaries. We have recognized a liability for the Tax Receivable Agreement reflecting 
our estimate of the undiscounted amounts that we expect to pay under the agreement. Our estimate of the tax 
agreement liability is based, in part, on forecasts of future taxable income over the anticipated life of our future 
business operations, assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law. The assumptions used in the forecasts 
are subject to substantial uncertainty about our future business operations and the actual payments that we are 
required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could differ materially from our current estimates. We must 
adjust the estimated Tax Receivable Agreement liability each time we purchase PBF LLC Series A Units or upon 
an exchange of PBF LLC Series A Units for our Class A common stock. Such adjustments will be based on forecasts 
of future taxable income and our future business operations at the time of such purchases or exchanges. Periodically, 
we may adjust the liability based on an updated estimate of the amounts that we expect to pay, using assumptions 
consistent with those used in our concurrent estimate of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. These periodic 
adjustments to the tax receivable liability, if any, are recorded in general and administrative expense and may result 
in adjustments to our income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)” 
requiring revenue to be recognized when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount 
that reflects the expected consideration for these goods or services. This new guidance supersedes the revenue 
recognition requirements in FASB ASC Topic 605, “Revenue Recognition”, and most industry-specific guidance. 
We have adopted this new standard effective January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective application, whereby 
a cumulative effect adjustment will be recognized upon adoption, if applicable, and the guidance will be applied 
prospectively. 

103

We have completed our evaluation of the provisions of this standard and concluded that our adoption will 
not materially change the amount or timing of revenues recognized by us, nor will it materially affect our financial 
position. The majority of our revenues are generated from the sale of refined petroleum products and ethanol. 
These  revenues  are  largely  based  on  the  current  spot  (market)  prices  of  the  products  sold,  which  represent 
consideration specifically allocable to the products being sold on a given day, and we recognize those revenues 
upon delivery and transfer of title to the products to our customers. The time at which delivery and transfer of title 
occurs is the point when our control of the products is transferred to our customers and when our performance 
obligation to our customers is fulfilled. Under the modified retrospective method of adoption, the cumulative effect 
of initially applying the standard is recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings, and 
revenues reported in the periods prior to the date of adoption are not changed. We do not, however, expect to make 
such an adjustment to retained earnings as we have determined any such adjustment to not be material. We are 
currently developing our revenue disclosures and enhancing our accounting systems to enable the preparation of 
such disclosures.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842)” (“ASU 2016-02”), to increase 
the transparency and comparability about leases among entities. Additional ASUs have been issued subsequent to 
ASU 2016-02 to provide additional clarification and implementation guidance for leases related to ASU 2016-02 
including ASU 2018-01, “Leases (Topic 842): Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842 
(“ASU  2018-01”)  (collectively,  we  refer  to ASU  2016-02  and  these  additional ASUs  as  the  “Updated  Lease 
Guidance”) The Updated Lease Guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding lease 
asset for virtually all lease contracts.  It also requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. ASU 
2016-02 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and requires a modified 
retrospective approach to adoption. ASU 2018-01 provides a practical expedient whereby land easements (also 
known as “rights of way”) that are not accounted for as leases under existing GAAP would not need to be evaluated 
under ASU 2016-02; however the Updated Lease Guidance would apply prospectively to all new or modified land 
easements after the effective date of ASU 2016-02. In January 2018, the FASB issued a proposed ASU that would 
provide an additional transition method for the Updated Lease Guidance for lessees and a practical expedient for 
lessors. As proposed, this additional transition method would allow lessees to initially apply the requirements of 
ASU 2016-02 by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the 
period of adoption. The proposed practical expedient would allow lessors to not separate non-lease components 
from the related lease components in certain situations. Assuming the proposed ASU is approved after the comment 
period, the proposed ASU would have the same effective date as ASU 2016-02. While early adoption is permitted, 
we will not early adopt this Updated Lease Guidance. We have established a working group to study and lead 
implementation of the Updated Lease Guidance. This working group has been meeting on a regular basis and has 
instituted a preliminary task plan designed to meet the implementation deadline for ASU 2016-02. We have also 
evaluated and purchased a lease software system and have begun implementation of the selected system. The 
working group continues to evaluate the impact of the Updated Lease Guidance on our consolidated financial 
statements and related disclosures. At this time, we have identified that the most significant impacts of the Updated 
Lease Guidance will be to bring nearly all leases on our balance sheet with “right of use assets” and “lease obligation 
liabilities” as well as accelerating the interest expense component of financing leases. While the assessment of the 
impacts arising from this standard is progressing, we have not fully determined the impacts on our business 
processes, controls or financial statement disclosures at this time.

Refer to “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial 

Statements, for additional Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are exposed to market risks, including changes in commodity prices and interest rates. Our primary 
commodity price risk is associated with the difference between the prices we sell our refined products and the 
prices we pay for crude oil and other feedstocks. We may use derivative instruments to manage the risks from 
changes in the prices of crude oil and refined products, natural gas, interest rates, or to capture market opportunities.

104

Commodity Price Risk 

Our earnings, cash flow and liquidity are significantly affected by a variety of factors beyond our control, 
including the supply of, and demand for, crude oil, other feedstocks, refined products and natural gas. The supply 
of and demand for these commodities depend on, among other factors, changes in domestic and foreign economies, 
weather conditions, domestic and foreign political affairs, planned and unplanned downtime in refineries, pipelines 
and production facilities, production levels, the availability of imports, the marketing of competitive and alternative 
fuels, and the extent of government regulation. As a result, the prices of these commodities can be volatile. Our 
revenues fluctuate significantly with movements in industry refined product prices, our cost of sales fluctuates 
significantly  with  movements  in  crude  oil  and  feedstock  prices  and  our  operating  expenses  fluctuate  with 
movements in the price of natural gas. We manage our exposure to these commodity price risks through our supply 
and offtake agreements as well as through the use of various commodity derivative instruments.

We may use non-trading derivative instruments to manage exposure to commodity price risks associated 
with the purchase or sale of crude oil and feedstocks, finished products and natural gas outside of our supply and 
offtake agreements. The derivative instruments we use include physical commodity contracts and exchange-traded 
and  over-the-counter  financial  instruments.  We  mark-to-market  our  commodity  derivative  instruments  and 
recognize the changes in their fair value in our statements of operations.  

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had gross open commodity derivative contracts representing 24.3 
million barrels and 8.8 million barrels, respectively, with an unrealized net loss of $74.3 million and $3.5 million, 
respectively. The open commodity derivative contracts as of December 31, 2017 expire at various times during 
2018.

We carry inventories of crude oil, intermediates and refined products (“hydrocarbon inventories”) on our 
balance sheet, the values of which are subject to fluctuations in market prices. Our hydrocarbon inventories totaled 
approximately  30.1  million  barrels  and  29.4  million  barrels  at  December 31,  2017  and  December 31,  2016, 
respectively. The average cost of our hydrocarbon inventories was approximately $80.21 and $80.50 per barrel on 
a LIFO basis at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively, excluding the net impact of LCM 
inventory adjustments of approximately $300.5 million and $596.0 million, respectively. If market prices of our 
inventory decline to a level below our average cost, we may be required to further write down the carrying value 
of our hydrocarbon inventories to market.

Our  predominant  variable  operating  cost  is  energy,  in  particular,  the  price  of  utilities,  natural  gas  and 
electricity. We are therefore sensitive to movements in natural gas prices. Assuming normal operating conditions, 
we annually consume a total of approximately 68 million MMBTUs of natural gas amongst our five refineries as 
of December 31, 2017. Accordingly, a $1.00 per MMBTU change in natural gas prices would increase or decrease 
our natural gas costs by approximately $68.0 million.

Compliance Program Price Risk

We are exposed to market risks related to the volatility in the price of RINs required to comply with the 
RFS. Our overall RINs obligation is based on a percentage of our domestic shipments of on-road fuels as established 
by the EPA. To the degree we are unable to blend the required amount of biofuels to satisfy our RINs obligation, 
we must purchase RINs on the open market. To mitigate the impact of this risk on our results of operations and 
cash flows we may purchase RINs when the price of these instruments is deemed favorable.

In  addition,  we  are  exposed  to  risks  associated  with  complying  with  federal  and  state  legislative  and 
regulatory measures to address greenhouse gas and other emissions. Requirements to reduce emissions could result 
in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities as well as implement and manage new emission controls 
and programs put in place. For example, AB32 in California requires the state to reduce its GHG emissions to 1990 
levels by 2020.

105

Interest Rate Risk 

The maximum availability under our Revolving Loan is $2.64 billion. Borrowings under the Revolving 
Loan bear interest either at the Alternative Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin or at Adjusted LIBOR plus the 
Applicable Margin, all as defined in the Revolving Loan. If this facility was fully drawn, a 1.0% change in the 
interest rate would increase or decrease our interest expense by approximately $26.4 million annually.

The PBFX Revolving Credit Facility, with a current maximum availability of $360.0 million, bears interest 
at a variable rate and exposes us to interest rate risk. If this facility was fully drawn, a 1.0% change in the interest 
rate would result in a $2.3 million change in our interest expense annually. 

In addition, the PBF Rail Term Loan, which bears interest at a variable rate, had an outstanding principal 
balance of $28.4 million at December 31, 2017. A 1.0% change in the interest rate would increase or decrease our 
interest expense by approximately $0.3 million annually, assuming the current outstanding principal balance on 
the PBF Rail Term Loan remained outstanding. 

We also have interest rate exposure in connection with our A&R Intermediation Agreements under which 

we pay a time value of money charge based on LIBOR.

Credit Risk 

We are subject to risk of losses resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our counterparties. We 
continue to closely monitor the creditworthiness of customers to whom we grant credit and establish credit limits 
in accordance with our credit policy.

Concentration Risk

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, no single customer accounted for 10% or more of 

our total sales. 

No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our total trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 

2017 and 2016, respectively. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The information required by this item is set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-

K.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial 
officers,  the  effectiveness  of  our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as  defined  in  Rule  13a-15(e)  under  the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of the end of the period covered by this 
report, and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance 
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or furnish under the Exchange Act is 
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms 
including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed 

106

by us in the reports that we file or furnish under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our 
management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely 
decisions regarding required disclosures.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 
reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to 
financial statement preparation and presentation.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 
2017, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013). Based on such assessment, we conclude that as of December 31, 
2017, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Auditor Attestation Report 

Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of 

our internal control over financial reporting, which is on page F-3 of this report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 
2017 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial 
reporting. 
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

  None.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information required under this Item will be contained in our 2018 Proxy Statement, incorporated herein 

by reference.

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, 
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available 
on our website at www.pbfenergy.com under the heading “Investors”. Any amendments to the Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics or any grant of a waiver from the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
requiring  disclosure  under  applicable  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  rules  will  be  disclosed  on  the 
Company’s website.

See also Executive Officers of the Registrant under “Item 1. Business” of this Annual Report on Form 10-

K.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required under this Item will be contained in our 2018 Proxy Statement, incorporated herein 

by reference.

107

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

See “Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchasers 

of Equity Securities—Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.”

Additional information required by this Item will be contained in our 2018 Proxy Statement, incorporated 

herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENCE

The information required under this Item will be contained in our 2018 Proxy Statement, incorporated herein 

by reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information required under this Item will be contained in our 2018 Proxy Statement, incorporated herein 

by reference.

108

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)   1. Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of PBF Energy Inc. and subsidiaries, 
required by Part II, Item 8, are included in Part IV of this report. See Index to Consolidated Financial 
Statements beginning on page F-1.

2. Financial Statement Schedules and Other Financial Information. No financial statement schedules 

are submitted because either they are inapplicable or because the required information is included in the 
consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

3. Exhibits. Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the following exhibits:

Number
2.1

  

2.2

2.3

2.4

2.5

2.6

3.1

3.2

4.1

Description

Contribution Agreement dated as of February 15, 2017 by and between PBF Energy Company
LLC and PBF Logistics LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of PBF Energy Inc.’s
Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on February 22, 2017).
Contribution Agreement dated as of August 31, 2016 by and between PBF Energy Company
LLC and PBF Logistics LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with PBF Energy
Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File No. 001-35764) )
Contribution Agreement dated as of February 15, 2017 by and between PBF Energy Company
LLC and PBF Logistics LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with PBF Energy
Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 22, 2017 (File No. 001-35764) )
Purchase Agreement dated as of January 29, 2016 by and between PBF Logistics Products
Terminals LLC and Plains Products Terminals LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 4, 2016 (File No.
001-36446))
Sale and Purchase Agreement by and between PBF Holding Company LLC and ExxonMobil
Oil Corporation and its subsidiary, Mobil Pacific Pipeline Company as of September 29, 2015
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated October 1, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Sale and Purchase Agreement by and between PBF Holding Company LLC, ExxonMobil Oil
Corporation, Mobil Pipe Line Company and PDV Chalmette, L.L.C. as of June 17, 2015
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated June 17, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PBF Energy Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Amendment No. 4 to Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-177933))
Amended and Restated Bylaws of PBF Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2017 (File No.
001-35764))
Indenture dated as of May 30, 2017, among PBF Holding Company LLC, PBF Finance
Corporation, the Guarantors named on the signature pages thereto, Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as Trustee and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Paying Agent,
Registrar, Transfer Agent and Authenticating Agent and Form of 7.25% Senior Note (included
as Exhibit A) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on
Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on May 30, 2017).

109

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6

4.7

4.8

4.9

4.10

4.11

4.12

4.13

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 29, 2016, among PBF Western Region LLC,
Torrance Refining Company LLC, Torrance Logistics Company LLC, Wilmington Trust,
National Association and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.2 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4,
2016 (File No. 001-35764))
Indenture dated as of November 24, 2015, among PBF Holding Company LLC, PBF Finance
Corporation, the Guarantors named on the signature pages thereto, Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as Trustee and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Paying Agent,
Registrar, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent and Notes Collateral Agent and Form of 7.00%
Senior Secured Note (included as Exhibit A) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with
PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 2015 (File No.
001-35764))
Registration Rights Agreement dated November 24, 2015, among PBF Holding Company LLC
and PBF Finance Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and UBS Securities LLC, as
Representative of the several Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed
with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 2015 (File No.
001-35764))
Indenture dated May 12, 2015, among PBF Logistics LP, PBF Logistics Finance Corporation,
the Guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee and
Form of Note (included as Exhibit A) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with PBF
Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Supplemental Indenture dated June 19, 2015, among PBF Logistics LP, PBF Logistics Finance
Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as
trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-206728))
Second Supplemental Indenture dated June 28, 2016, among PBF Products Terminals LLC, PBF
Logistics LP, PBF Logistics Finance Corporation, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2016 (File No. 001-36446))

Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated October 6, 2017, among PBF Logistics LP, PBF Logistics
Finance Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current
Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on October 6, 2017).
Joinder Agreement dated May 26, 2016, among PBF Logistics Products Terminals LLC and
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2016
(File No. 001-36446))
Indenture, dated as of February 9, 2012, among PBF Holding Company LLC, PBF Finance
Corporation, the Guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association and Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with PBF Energy
Inc.’s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-177933))

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 13, 2015, among Chalmette Refining,
L.L.C., Wilmington Trust, National Association and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Annual Report on Form
10-K dated February 29, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2015, by and among PBF Holding
Company LLC, PBF Finance Corporation, the Guarantors named on the signature page thereto
and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 filed with
PBF Energy Inc.’s December 31, 2015 Form 10-K (File No. 001-35764))
Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 29, 2016, by and among PBF Holding Company
LLC, the Guarantors named on the signature page thereto and Wilmington Trust, National
Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))

110

4.14

10.1 (1)

10.2 (1)

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement of PBF Energy Inc. dated as of
December 12, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18, 2012 (File No. 001-35764))
PBF Energy Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with
PBF Energy Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No, 333-218075) filed on
May 18, 2017).
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors under the PBF Energy Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive 
Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q dated August 3, 2017 (File No. 001-35764)).

10.3 (1)*/** Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors under the PBF Energy Inc.

2017 Equity Incentive Plan.

10.4

10.5*/**

10.6

10.7*/**

10.8†

10.9†

10.10

10.11

10.12

10.13

Form of 2017 Equity Incentive Plan Non-Qualified Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on
October 31, 2017). 
Form of Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the PBF Energy
Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.
Form of 2017 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on
October 31, 2017). 
Form of Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Agreement, under PBF Energy Inc. 2017
Equity Incentive Plan
Amendment to the Inventory Intermediation Agreement dated as of May 4, 2017, among J. Aron
& Company, PBF Holding Company LLC and Paulsboro Refining Company LLC (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
August 3, 2017 (File No. 001-35764)).
Amendment to the Inventory Intermediation Agreement dated as of May 4, 2017, among J. Aron
& Company, PBF Holding Company LLC and Delaware City Refining Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q dated August 3, 2017 (File No. 001-35764)).
Fifth Amended and Restated Operation and Management Services and Secondment Agreement
dated as of February 28, 2017 among PBF Holding Company LLC, Delaware City Refining
Company LLC, Toledo Refining Company LLC, Torrance Refining Company LLC, Torrance
Logistics Company LLC, PBF Logistics GP LLC , PBF Logistics LP, Delaware City
Terminaling Company LLC, Delaware Pipeline Company LLC, Delaware City Logistics
Company LLC, Toledo Terminaling Company LLC, PBFX Operating Company LLC, Paulsboro
Refining Company LLC, Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline Company LLC and Chalmette
Refining L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report
on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on March 3, 2017).
Lease Agreement dated as of February 15, 2017 by and between PBFX Operating Company
LLC and Chalmette Refining, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of PBF Energy
Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on February 22, 2017).
Storage Services Agreement dated as of February 15, 2017 by and between PBFX Operating
Company LLC and PBF Holding Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35764) filed on February 22,
2017).
Fourth Amended and Restated Operation and Management Services and Secondment Agreement
dated as of August 31, 2016 among PBF Holding Company LLC, Delaware City Refining
Company LLC, Toledo Refining Company LLC, Torrance Refining Company LLC, Torrance
Logistics Company LLC, PBF Logistics GP LLC , PBF Logistics LP, Delaware City
Terminaling Company LLC, Delaware Pipeline Company LLC, Delaware City Logistics
Company LLC, Toledo Terminaling Company LLC and PBFX Operating Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))

111

12.14

10.15

10.16

10.17

10.18

10.19

10.20

10.21

10.22

10.23

10.24 **

10.25

10.26

Transportation Services Agreement dated as of August 31, 2016 among PBF Holding Company
LLC and Torrance Valley Pipeline Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File No.
001-35764))
Pipeline Service Order dated as of August 31, 2016, by and between Torrance Valley Pipeline
Company LLC, and PBF Holding Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File No.
001-35764))
Pipeline Service Order dated as of August 31, 2016, by and between Torrance Valley Pipeline
Company LLC, and PBF Holding Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5
filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File No.
001-35764))
Dedicated Storage Service Order dated as of August 31, 2016, by and between Torrance Valley
Pipeline Company LLC, and PBF Holding Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.6 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File
No. 001-35764))
Throughput Storage Service Order dated as of August 31, 2016, by and between Torrance Valley
Pipeline Company LLC, and PBF Holding Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.7 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File
No. 001-35764))
Joinder Agreement to the Amended and Restated ABL Security Agreement dated as of July 1,
2016, among Torrance Refining Company LLC and UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as
Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
Joinder Agreement to the Amended and Restated ABL Security Agreement dated as of July 1,
2016, among PBF Western Region LLC, Torrance Logistics Company LLC and UBS AG,
Stamford Branch, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with
PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2016 (File No.
001-35764))
Joinder Agreement to the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of
July 1, 2016, among PBF Holding Company LLC, the Guarantors named on the signature pages
thereto including Torrance Refining Company LLC and UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as
Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
Joinder Agreement to the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of
July 1, 2016, among PBF Holding Company LLC, the Guarantors named on the signature pages
thereto including PBF Western Region LLC, Torrance Logistics Company LLC and UBS AG,
Stamford Branch, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with
PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2016 (File No.
001-35764))
Second Increase Agreement between PBF Logistics LP and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association dated as of May 19, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF
Logistics LP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2016 (File No. 001-36446))
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Directors under PBF Energy Inc. 2012 Equity
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of April 29, 2015, by and among PBF Rail
Logistics Company LLC and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April
29, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Second Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of July 15, 2016, by and among PBF Rail
Logistics Company LLC and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
November 4, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))

112

10.27

10.28

10.29

10.30

10.31

10.32

10.33

10.34

10.35†

10.36†

10.37

10.38†

10.39

Contribution Agreement dated as of May 5, 2015 by and between PBF Energy Company LLC
and PBF Logistics LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Fourth Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement dated as of August 31, 2016 among PBF
Holding Company LLC, PBF Energy Company LLC, PBF Logistics GP LLC and PBF Logistics
LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on
Form 8-K dated September 7, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
Delaware Pipeline Services Agreement dated as of May 15, 2015 among PBF Holding Company
LLC and Delaware Pipeline Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with
PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Delaware City Truck Loading Services Agreement dated as of May 15, 2015 among PBF
Holding Company LLC and Delaware City Logistics Company LLC (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.4 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2015
(File No. 001-35764))
Guaranty of Collection, dated as of May 12, 2015, by PBF Energy Company LLC with respect
to the 6.875% Senior Notes due 2023 issued by PBF Logistics LP (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.5 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2015
(File No. 001-35764))
Amended and Restated Guaranty of Collection, dated as of October 6, 2017 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
001-35764) filed on October 6, 2017).
Reaffirmation Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2014, by PBF Energy Company LLC with
respect to the Amended and Restated Guaranty of Collection (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.8.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 6,
2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Designation of Other Guaranteed Revolving Credit Obligations, dated as of December 12, 2014
with respect to the Amended and Restated Guaranty of Collection (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.8.2 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 6,
2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Inventory Intermediation Agreement dated as of May 29, 2015 (as amended) between J. Aron &
Company and PBF Holding Company LLC and Paulsboro Refining Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q dated August 6, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Inventory Intermediation Agreement dated as of May 29, 2015 (as amended) between J. Aron &
Company and PBF Holding Company LLC and Delaware City Refining Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q dated August 6, 2015 (File No. 001-35764))
Amendment to the Inventory Intermediation Agreement dated as of September 8, 2017, among
J. Aron & Company, PBF Holding Company LLC and Delaware City Refining Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A
(File No. 001-35764) filed on September 18, 2017).
Amendment to the Inventory Intermediation Agreement dated as of September 8, 2017, among
J. Aron & Company, PBF Holding Company LLC and Paulsboro Refining Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A
(File No. 001-35764) filed on September 18, 2017).
Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2014, among
PBF Holding Company LLC, Delaware City Refining Company LLC, Paulsboro Refining
Company LLC, Toledo Refining Company LLC and UBS Securities LLC (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
November 7, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))

113

10.4

10.41

10.42

10.43

10.44

10.45

10.45.1

10.46

10.47

10.48

10.49

10.50

10.51

10.52

Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2014 among PBF Logistics LP as Borrower,
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender, L/C issuer
and lender and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed
with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 14, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Increase Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8
filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated February 26, 2015 (File No.
001-36446)).
Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of PBF Logistics LP dated as
of September 15, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with PBF Logistics LP’s
Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 19, 2014 (File No. 001-36446))
Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement dated as of May 8, 2014 by and among
PBF Logistics LP, PBF Logistics GP LLC, PBF Energy Inc., PBF Energy Company LLC, PBF
Holding Company LLC, Delaware City Refining Company LLC, Delaware City Terminaling
Company LLC and Toledo Refining Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 14, 2014 (File No.
001-35764))
Delaware City Rail Terminaling Services Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2014 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May
14, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Amended and Restated Toledo Truck Unloading & Terminaling Agreement effective as of June
1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q dated August 7, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Assignment and Amendment of Amended and Restated Toledo Truck Unloading & Terminaling
Agreement dated as of December 12, 2014 by and between PBF Holding Company LLC, PBF
Logistics LP and Toledo Terminaling Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2014 (File No.
001-36446))
Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2014 among PBF Energy Company LLC
and PBF Logistics LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 19, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Delaware City West Ladder Rack Terminaling Services Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014
among PBF Holding Company LLC and Delaware City Terminaling Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated October 2, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Contribution Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2014 by and between PBF Energy Company
LLC and PBF Logistics LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy
Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 5, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Storage and Terminaling Services Agreement dated as of December 12, 2014 among PBF
Holding Company LLC and Toledo Terminaling Company LLC (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2014 (File No.
001-36446))
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of PBF Energy Company LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated December 18, 2012 (File No. 001-35764))
Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18, 2012 (File No.
001-35764))
Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2012 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18,
2012 (File No. 001-35764))

114

10.53

10.54

10.55 **

10.56**

10.57**

10.58**

10.59**

10.60

10.61 **

10.62 **

10.63**

10.64**

10.65**

10.66**

10.67**

Stockholders’ Agreement of PBF Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed
with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18, 2012 (File No.
001-35764))
Restated Warrant and Purchase Agreement between PBF Energy Company LLC and the officers
party thereto, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 filed with PBF Energy
Inc.’s Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-177933))
Employment Agreement dated as of September 4, 2014 between PBF Investments LLC and
Thomas O’Connor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K dated February 29, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
Employment Agreement dated as of April 1, 2014 between PBF Investments LLC and Timothy
Paul Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q dated May 7, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of December 17, 2012, between
PBF Investments LLC and Thomas J. Nimbley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed
with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18, 2012 (File No.
001-35764))
Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2012,
between PBF Investments LLC and Matthew C. Lucey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.9 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18, 2012 (File
No. 001-35764))
Employment Agreement dated as of April 1, 2014 between PBF Investments LLC and Erik
Young. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q dated May 7, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))

Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated December 12, 2012, between PBF Energy Inc. and
each of the executive officers and directors of PBF Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.5 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 18,
2012 (File No. 001-35764))
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees, under PBF Energy Inc. 2012 Equity
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Current
Report on Form 8-K dated October 28, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees, under PBF Energy Inc. 2012 Equity
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q dated November 4, 2016 (File No. 001-35764))
PBF Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
to DEF 14A filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s Proxy Statement dated March 22, 2016 (File No.
001-35764))
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Directors under the PBF Energy Inc. 2012
Equity Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 7, 2014 (File No. 001-35764))
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the PBF Energy Inc. 2012 Equity
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 filed with PBF Energy Inc.’s
Amendment No. 6 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-177933))

PBF Logistics LP 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, adopted as of May 14, 2014 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May
14, 2014 (File No. 001-36446))
Form of Phantom Unit Agreement for Employees, under the PBF Logistics LP 2014 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with PBF Logistics LP’s
Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, originally filed on April 22, 2014 (File No.
333-195024))

115

10.68**

10.69

21.1*
23.1*
24.1*
31.1*

31.2*

32.1*(1)

32.2*(1)

101.INS
101.SCH
101.CAL
101.DEF
101.LAB
101.PRE

Form of Phantom Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors, under the PBF Logistics LP
2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with PBF
Logistics LP’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended originally filed on April 22,
2014 (File No. 333-195024))
Form of Indemnification Agreement between PBF Logistics LP, PBF Logistics GP LLC and
each of the executive officers and directors of PBF Logistics LP and PBF Logistics GP LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with PBF Logistics LP’s Registration
Statement on Form S-1, as amended, originally filed on April 22, 2014 (File No. 333-195024))
Subsidiaries of the Registrant
Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP
Power of Attorney (included on signature page)
Certification by Chief Executive Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/
15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
Certification by Chief Financial Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/
15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
Certification by Chief Executive Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
Certification by Chief Financial Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
XBRL Instance Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

 ——————————

*

**

†

Filed herewith.

Indicates management compensatory plan or arrangement.

Confidential treatment has been granted by the SEC as to certain portions, which portions have
been omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

(1)

This exhibit should not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act.

116

PBF ENERGY INC.

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the Years Ended December 31,
2017, 2016 and 2015

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-2

F-4

F-5

F-6

F-7

F-9

F-11

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
PBF Energy Inc. and subsidiaries

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  PBF  Energy  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  (the 
"Company") as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive 
income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and 
the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements 
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 
2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on 
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 22, 2018, expressed an unqualified 
opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered 
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. 
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and 
the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Parsippany, New Jersey
February 22, 2018 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2011.

F- 2

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of PBF Energy Inc. and subsidiaries

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of PBF Energy Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) 
as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by 
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company 
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based 
on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017, of the 
Company and our report dated February 22, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion 

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and 
for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying 
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on 
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered 
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting 
was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered 
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions 
are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could 
have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Parsippany, New Jersey
February 22, 2018 

F- 3

PBF ENERGY INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(in thousands, except share and per share data)

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

ASSETS
Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents (PBFX: $19,664 and $64,221, respectively)
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Marketable securities - current (PBFX: $0 and $40,024, respectively)
Prepaid and other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment, net (PBFX: $673,823 and $608,802, respectively)
Deferred tax assets
Deferred charges and other assets, net

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities:

Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Deferred revenue
Note payable
Current debt (PBFX: $0 and $39,664, respectively)

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt (PBFX: $548,793 and $532,011, respectively)
Deferred tax liabilities
Payable to related parties pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement
Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)

Equity:

PBF Energy Inc. equity

Class A common stock, $0.001 par value, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized, 110,565,531
shares outstanding at December 31, 2017, 109,204,047 shares outstanding at December 31,
2016
Class B common stock, $0.001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, 25 shares
outstanding at December 31, 2017, 28 shares outstanding at December 31, 2016
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, no shares outstanding at
December 31, 2017 and 2016
Treasury stock, at cost, 6,132,884 shares outstanding at December 31, 2017 and 6,087,963
shares outstanding at December 31, 2016
Additional paid in capital
Retained earnings / (Accumulated deficit)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total PBF Energy Inc. equity

Noncontrolling interest

Total equity
Total liabilities and equity

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

573,021
952,552
2,213,797
—
63,589
3,802,959

3,479,213
53,638
782,183
8,117,993

578,551
1,814,854
8,933
5,621
10,987
2,418,946

2,175,042
33,155
362,142
225,759
5,215,044

95

—

—

(152,585)
2,277,739
236,786
(25,381)
2,336,654
566,295
2,902,949
8,117,993

$

746,274
620,175
1,863,560
40,024
137,222
3,407,255

3,328,770
379,306
506,596
7,621,927

535,907
1,467,684
13,292
—
39,664
2,056,547

2,108,570
45,699
611,392
229,035
5,051,243

94

—

—

(151,547)
2,245,788
(44,852)
(24,439)
2,025,044
545,640
2,570,684
7,621,927

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F- 4

 

Revenues

PBF ENERGY INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31,

2017
21,786,637

$

2016
15,920,424

$

2015
13,123,929

$

Cost and expenses:
Cost of products and other
Operating expenses (excluding depreciation
and amortization expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense
Cost of sales
General and administrative expenses
(excluding depreciation and amortization
expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense
Loss (gain) on sale of assets
Total cost and expenses

Income from operations

Other income (expense):
Change in Tax Receivable Agreement
liability
Change in fair value of catalyst leases
Debt extinguishment costs
Interest expense, net
Income before income taxes
Income tax expense
Net income
Less: net income attributable to
noncontrolling interests
Net income attributable to PBF Energy Inc.
stockholders

Weighted-average shares of Class A
common stock outstanding
Basic
Diluted
Net income available to Class A common stock
per share:
Basic
Diluted

Dividends per common share

$

$
$

$

18,863,621

1,685,611
277,992
20,827,224

214,773
12,964
1,458
21,056,419

730,218

250,922
(2,247)
(25,451)
(154,427)
799,015
315,584
483,431

67,914

13,598,341

1,423,198
216,341
15,237,880

166,452
5,835
11,374
15,421,541

498,883

12,908
1,422
—
(150,045)
363,168
137,650
225,518

54,707

415,517

$

170,811

$

11,481,614

904,525
187,729
12,573,868

181,266
9,688
(1,004)
12,763,818

360,111

18,150
10,184
—
(106,187)
282,258
86,725
195,533

49,132

146,401

109,779,407
113,898,845

98,334,302
103,606,709

88,106,999
94,138,850

3.78
3.73

1.20

$
$

$

1.74
1.74

1.20

$
$

$

1.66
1.65

1.20

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F- 5

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

PBF ENERGY INC.

(in thousands) 

                                                                                                                       

Net income
Other comprehensive (loss) income:

Unrealized (loss) gain on available for sale
securities
Net (loss) gain on pension and other post-
retirement benefits

Total other comprehensive (loss) income
Comprehensive income
Less: comprehensive income attributable to
noncontrolling interests
Comprehensive income attributable to PBF Energy
Inc. stockholders

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

483,431

$

225,518

$

195,533

(24)

(950)
(974)
482,457

67,882

(42)

(2,550)
(2,592)
222,926

54,618

124

1,982
2,106
197,639

49,233

$

414,575

$

168,308

$

148,406

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F- 6

6
1
3

,

3
9
6

,

1

$

3
0
1

,

5
7
4

$

)
1
3
7

,

2
4
1
(

$

6
4
9

,

5
6
7

,

5

l
a
t
o
T

y
t
i
u
q
E

g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
N

t
s
e
r
e
t
n
I

k
c
o
t

 

S
y
r
u
s
a
e
r
T

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

0
9

9
3
6

,

7
9
1

)
6
8
3

,

9
1
(

)
8
5
4

,

3
2
(

7
9
4

,

3
1

)
4
8
5

,

6
0
1
(

—

)
6
4
0

,

2
1
(

—

—

)
3
7
0

,

8
(

0
0
0

,

4
4
3

)
9
8
(

1
5
9

,

6
1

3
3
2

,

9
4

)
7
0
7

,

2
(

)
6
8
3

,

9
1
(

)
8
5
4

,

3
2
(

—

9
7
2

,

4

)
6
7
9

,

9
3
(

—

)
0
9
3

,

1
1
(

—

—

—

)
9
8
(

1
5
9

,

6
1

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

2
0
0

,

6

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
3
7
0

,

8
(

1
7
7

,

4
8
2

6
8
8

6
2
9

,

2
2
2

)
7
4
9

,

1
2
(

)
4
1
7

,

3
3
(

6
5
6

,

2
2

)
6
8
4

,

7
1
1
(

8
7
3

,

8
3
1

)
3
1
6

,

2
(

—

)
3
4
7
(

)
6
1
8

,

8
(

0
0
3

,

5
7
2

)
2
7
1
(

8
1
6

,

4
5

)
8
2
7

,

6
(

)
4
1
7

,

3
3
(

—

0
6
3

,

4

4
3
4

,

3
8

—

—

—

—

)
8
1
7

,

4
(

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
3
4
7
(

—

—

4
4
2

,

1
3

7
5
8

,

5
9
0

,

2

$

0
6
5

,

8
4
4

$

)
4
0
8

,

0
5
1
(

$

9
1
7

,

6
5
0

,

6

4
8
6

,

0
7
5

,

2

$

0
4
6

,

5
4
5

$

)
7
4
5

,

1
5
1
(

$

3
6
9

,

7
8
0

,

6

d
e
t
a
l
u
m
u
c
c
A

r
e
h
t
O

s
s
o
L

e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
C

d
e
n
i
a
t
e
R

s
g
n
i
n
r
a
E

l
a
n
o
i
t
i
d
d
A

n
i
-
d
i
a
P

l
a
t
i
p
a
C

B
 
s
s
a
l
C

 

k
c
o
t
S
n
o
m
m
o
C

A
 
s
s
a
l
C

 

k
c
o
t
S
n
o
m
m
o
C

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

—

—

—

—

)
6
9
9
(

)
8
9
2

,

4
2
(

5
0
0

,

2

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
9
8
2

,

3
2
(

)
3
0
5

,

2
(

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

3
5
3

,

1

)
9
3
4

,

4
2
(

$

)
1
7
2

,

3
2
1
(

$

5
2
4

,

8
0
5

,

1

$

—

—

—

1
0
4

,

6
4
1

)
4
8
5

,

6
0
1
(

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

7
9
7

,

2

—

—

8
1
2

,

9

8
6
9

,

0
4

)
6
4
0

,

2
1
(

0
9
3

,

1
1

—

9
9
9

,

3
4
3

—

—

—

$

)
4
5
4

,

3
8
(

$

1
5
7

,

4
0
9

,

1

$

—

—

—

1
1
8

,

0
7
1

)
9
1
2

,

5
1
(

)
6
8
4

,

7
1
1
(

—

—

—

—

—

6
9
4

—

—

—

8
5
0

,

1

—

6
9
2

,

8
1

4
4
9

,

4
5

)
3
1
6

,

2
(

—

—

)
7
4
9

,

5
(

9
9
2

,

5
7
2

$

)
2
5
8

,

4
4
(

$

8
8
7

,

5
4
2

,

2

$

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

$

9
3

—

—

—

—

—

)
1
1
(

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

8
2

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

8
2

$

$

8
8

—

—

—

—

—

4

—

—

—

1

—

—

—

3
9

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

1

—

—

4
9

$

9
1
1

,

1
8
9

,

1
8

—

6
6
7

,

2
1

—

—

—

—

8
8
9

,

8
3
2

3
5
6

,

4
0
8

,

3

)
1
7
7

,

4
8
2
(

8
7
1

,

9
2
5

0
0
0

,

0
0
5

,

1
1

—

—

$

3
3
9
1
8
7

,

,

7
9

—

—

—

0
5
6

,

1
1

8
5
4

,
0
2
3

—

—

—

—

—

6
0
0

,

0
9
0

,

1

0
0
0

,

0
0
0

,

0
1

$

7
4
0

,
4
0
2

,

9
0
1

.
s
t
n
e
m
e
t
a
t
s
 
l
a
i
c
n
a
n
i
f
 

7
 
-
F

d
e
t
a
d
i
l
o
s
n
o
c
 

o
t
 
s
e
t
o
n

 
e
e
S

 
.

C
N
I
 
Y
G
R
E
N
E
F
B
P

 

 

 

 

Y
T
I
U
Q
E
N
I
 
S
E
G
N
A
H
C
F
O
S
T
N
E
M
E
T
A
T
S
D
E
T
A
D
I
L
O
S
N
O
C

 

)
a
t
a
d

 
e
r
a
h
s
 
t
p
e
c
x
e
 
,
s
d
n
a
s
u
o
h
t
 

n
i
(

 

 

 

s
r
e
b
m
e
m
C
L
L
y
n
a
p
m
o
C
y
g
r
e
n
E
F
B
P
o
t
 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
D

 

 

s
r
e
d
l
o
h

 
t
i
n
u

 

 

 
c
i
l
b
u
p
P
L
 
s
c
i
t
s
i
g
o
L
F
B
P
o
t
 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
D

 

n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 

d
e
s
a
b

 

k
c
o
t

S

s
d
n
e
d
i
v
i
D

g
n
i
r
e
f
f
o

 

y
r
a
d
n
o
c
e
s
 
f
o

 
s
t
c
e
f
f
E

s
n
o
i
t
p
o

 

d
n
a
 
s
t
n
a
r
r
a
w

 
f
o

 
e
s
i
c
r
e
x
E

e
m
o
c
n
i
 
e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
C

5
1
0
2

 
,

1

 

y
r
a
u
n
a
J
 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

 

 

 

 
t
n
e
m
e
e
r
g
a
 
e
l
b
a
v
i
e
c
e
r
 

x
a
t
 

d
n
a
 
s
e
i
t
i
l
i
b
a
i
l
 

 

x
a
t
 

d
e
r
r
e
f
e
d

 

n
o

 

g
n
i
r
e
f
f

 

O
y
r
a
d
n
o
c
e
S
 
f
o

 
t
c
e
f
f
e
 

d
r
o
c
e
R

d
n
a
 
s
t
e
s
s
a

n
o
i
t
a
g
i
l
b
o

 

 

 

 
s
t
i
n
U
A
 
s
e
i
r
e
S
C
L
L
y
n
a
p
m
o
C
y
g
r
e
n
E
F
B
P
 
f
o

 

 

 
e
g
n
a
h
c
x
E

k
c
o
t
s
 

n
o
m
m
o
c
 
A
 
s
s
a
l
C

 
r
o
f

s
t
i
n
u

 

n
o
m
m
o
c
 
X
F
B
P

 
l
a
n
o
i
t
i
d
d
a
 
f
o

 
e
c
n
a
u
s
s
I

 

 

 

 
s
r
e
b
m
e
m
C
L
L
y
n
a
p
m
o
C
y
g
r
e
n
E
F
B
P
o
t
 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
D

 

 

s
r
e
d
l
o
h

 
t
i
n
u

 

 

 
c
i
l
b
u
p
P
L
 
s
c
i
t
s
i
g
o
L
F
B
P
o
t
 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
D

 

s
t
i
n
u

 

n
o
m
m
o
c
 
X
F
B
P

 
l
a
n
o
i
t
i
d
d
a
 
f
o

 
e
c
n
a
u
s
s
I

n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 

d
e
s
a
b

 

k
c
o
t

S

s
d
n
e
d
i
v
i
D

 
e
t
t
e
m
l
a
h
C
n
i
 

 

d
e
r
i
u
q
c
a
 
t
s
e
r
e
t
n
I
 

g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
N

n
o
i
t
i
s
i
u
q
c
A

r
e
h
t
O

 
s
e
s
a
h
c
r
u
p

 

k
c
o
t
s
 

y
r
u
s
a
e
r
T

g
n
i
r
e
f
f
o

 

y
t
i
u
q
e
 
r
e
b
o
t
c
O

s
n
o
i
t
p
o

 

d
n
a
 
s
t
n
a
r
r
a
w

 
f
o

 
e
s
i
c
r
e
x
E

e
m
o
c
n
I
 
e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
C

5
1
0
2

 
,

1
3
 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

 

 

 

C
L
L
F
B
P
 
f
o
 
s
e
g
n
a
h
c
x
e
 

d
n
a
 
s
g
n
i
r
e
f
f
o

d
n
a
 
s
e
i
t
i
l
i
b
a
i
l
 

d
n
a
 
s
t
e
s
s
a
 

x
a
t
 

d
e
r
r
e
f
e
d

 

 

n
o

y
t
i
u
q
e
 
f
o

 
s
t
c
e
f
f
E

 

 
s
t
i
n
U
A
 
s
e
i
r
e
S

n
o
i
t
a
g
i
l
b
o

 
t
n
e
m
e
e
r
g
a
 
e
l
b
a
v
i
e
c
e
r
 

x
a
t

 

 

 

 
s
t
i
n
U
A
 
s
e
i
r
e
S
C
L
L
y
n
a
p
m
o
C
y
g
r
e
n
E
F
B
P
 
f
o

 

 

 
e
g
n
a
h
c
x
E

k
c
o
t
s
 

n
o
m
m
o
c
 
A
 
s
s
a
l
C

 
r
o
f

g
n
i
r
e
f
f
o

 

y
t
i
u
q
e
 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

s
e
s
a
h
c
r
u
p

 

k
c
o
t
s
 

y
r
u
s
a
e
r
T

r
e
h
t
O

6
1
0
2

 
,

1
3

 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

 
.

C
N
I
 
Y
G
R
E
N
E
F
B
P

 

)
a
t
a
d

 
e
r
a
h
s
 
t
p
e
c
x
e
 
,
s
d
n
a
s
u
o
h
t
 

n
i
(

)
d
e
u
n
i
t
n
o
C

(
 

 

 

 

Y
T
I
U
Q
E
N
I
 
S
E
G
N
A
H
C
F
O
S
T
N
E
M
E
T
A
T
S
D
E
T
A
D
I
L
O
S
N
O
C

 

5
3
9

,

9

7
5
4

,

2
8
4

)
4
8
5

,

4
(

)
6
3
6

,

4
4
(

8
4
8

,

6
2

)
3
8
7

,

1
3
1
(

)
9
3
1

,

1
(

—

)
8
3
0

,

1
(

)
5
9
7

,

3
(

)
8
9
5
(

2
8
8

,

7
6

)
4
8
5

,

4
(

)
6
3
6

,

4
4
(

5
4
3

,

5

—

—

—

—

)
4
5
7

,

2
(

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
8
3
0

,

1
(

—

1
2
9

,

4
4

4
8
6

,

0
7
5

,

2

$

0
4
6

,

5
4
5

$

)
7
4
5

,

1
5
1
(

$

3
6
9

,

7
8
0

,

6

l
a
t
o
T

y
t
i
u
q
E

g
n
i
l
l
o
r
t
n
o
c
n
o
N

t
s
e
r
e
t
n
I

k
c
o
t

 

S
y
r
u
s
a
e
r
T

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

d
e
t
a
l
u
m
u
c
c
A

r
e
h
t
O

s
s
o
L

e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
C

d
e
n
i
a
t
e
R

s
g
n
i
n
r
a
E

l
a
n
o
i
t
i
d
d
A

n
i
-
d
i
a
P

l
a
t
i
p
a
C

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
2
4
9
(

)
9
3
4

,

4
2
(

—

—

—

—

7
1
5

,

5
1
4

)
3
8
7

,

1
3
1
(

—

—

—

)
6
9
0

,

2
(

—

—

—

2
3
5

,

0
1

—

3
0
5

,

1
2

)
9
3
1

,

1
(

—

—

5
5
0

,

1

$

)
2
5
8

,

4
4
(

$

8
8
7

,

5
4
2

,

2

$

9
4
9

,

2
0
9

,

2

$

5
9
2

,

6
6
5

$

)
5
8
5

,

2
5
1
(

$

4
8
8

,

2
3
1

,

6

)
1
8
3

,

5
2
(

$

6
8
7

,

6
3
2

$

9
3
7

,

7
7
2

,

2

$

B
 
s
s
a
l
C

 

k
c
o
t
S
n
o
m
m
o
C

A
 
s
s
a
l
C

 

k
c
o
t
S
n
o
m
m
o
C

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

t
n
u
o
m
A

s
e
r
a
h
S

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

$

$

8
2

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

)
3
(

—

—

5
2

4
9

—

1

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

5
9

$

7
4
0

,

4
0
2

,

9
0
1

—

—

—

0
0
5

,

2
6
4

4
0
4

,

2
0
7

—

—

—

—

0
8
5

,

6
9
1

$

1
3
5

,

5
6
5

,

0
1
1

 

 

 

 
s
r
e
b
m
e
m
C
L
L
y
n
a
p
m
o
C
y
g
r
e
n
E
F
B
P
o
t
 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
D

 

 

s
r
e
d
l
o
h

 
t
i
n
u

 

 

 
c
i
l
b
u
p
P
L
 
s
c
i
t
s
i
g
o
L
F
B
P
o
t
 
s
n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
i
D

 

n
o
i
t
a
s
n
e
p
m
o
c
 

d
e
s
a
b

 

k
c
o
t

S

s
d
n
e
d
i
v
i
D

s
n
o
i
t
p
o

 

d
n
a
 
s
t
n
a
r
r
a
w

 
f
o

 
e
s
i
c
r
e
x
E

e
m
o
c
n
I
 
e
v
i
s
n
e
h
e
r
p
m
o
C

6
1
0
2

 
,

1
3

 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

 
e
l
b
a
v
i
e
c
e
r
 

x
a
t
 

d
n
a
 
s
e
i
t
i
l
i
b
a
i
l
 

 

n
o

 

 
s
t
i
n
U
A
 
s
e
i
r
e
S
C
L
L
F
B
P
 
f
o

 

 

 
s
e
g
n
a
h
c
x
e
 
f
o

d
n
a
 
s
t
e
s
s
a
 

n
o
i
t
a
g
i
l
b
o

x
a
t
 

 
t
n
e
m
e
e
r
g
a

 
s
t
c
e
f
f
E

d
e
r
r
e
f
e
d

 

 

 

s
t
i
n
U
A
 
s
e
i
r
e
S
C
L
L
y
n
a
p
m
o
C
y
g
r
e
n
E
F
B
P
 
f
o

 

 

 
e
g
n
a
h
c
x
E

k
c
o
t
s
 

n
o
m
m
o
c
 
A
 
s
s
a
l
C

 
r
o
f

s
e
s
a
h
c
r
u
p

 

k
c
o
t
s
 

y
r
u
s
a
e
r
T

r
e
h
t
O

7
1
0
2

 
,

1
3

 
r
e
b
m
e
c
e
D

 
,
e
c
n
a
l
a
B

.
s
t
n
e
m
e
t
a
t
s
 
l
a
i
c
n
a
n
i
f
 

8
 
-
F

d
e
t
a
d
i
l
o
s
n
o
c
 

o
t
 
s
e
t
o
n

 
e
e
S

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

PBF ENERGY INC.

(in thousands)

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations:

Depreciation and amortization
Stock-based compensation
Change in fair value of catalyst leases
Deferred income taxes
Change in Tax Receivable Agreement liability
Non-cash change in inventory repurchase obligations
Non-cash lower of cost or market inventory adjustment
Debt extinguishment costs
Pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
Loss (gain) on sale of assets

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable
Inventories
Prepaid and other current assets
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Deferred revenue
Payable to related parties pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement
Other assets and liabilities

Net cash provided by operations

Cash flows from investing activities:

Acquisition of Torrance refinery and related logistics assets
Acquisition of Chalmette Refining, net of cash acquired
Expenditures for property, plant and equipment
Expenditures for deferred turnaround costs
Expenditures for other assets
Acquisition of Toledo Products Terminal by PBFX
PBFX Plains Asset Purchase
Proceeds from sale of assets
Purchase of marketable securities
Maturities of marketable securities

Net cash used in investing activities

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

483,431

$

225,518

$

195,533

299,860
26,848
2,247
313,833
(250,922)
13,779
(295,532)
25,451
42,242
1,458

(332,377)
(54,705)
73,526
34,604
359,549
(4,359)
—
(53,072)
685,861

$

232,948
22,656
(1,422)
244,758
(12,908)
29,453
(521,348)
—
37,986
11,374

(165,416)
236,602
(54,341)
217,566
217,820
9,249
(50,771)
(27,790)
651,934

$

207,004
13,497
(10,184)
(5,607)
(18,150)
63,389
427,226
—
26,982
(1,004)

97,636
(271,892)
(3,661)
(24,291)
(36,805)
2,816
(67,643)
(34,422)
560,424

—
—
(306,681)
(379,114)
(31,143)
(10,097)
—
—
(75,036)
115,060
(687,011) $ (1,393,935) $

(971,932)
(2,659)
(298,737)
(198,664)
(42,506)
—
(98,373)
24,692
(1,909,965)
2,104,209

—
(565,304)
(353,964)
(53,576)
(8,236)
—
—
168,270
(2,067,286)
2,067,983
(812,113)

$

$

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F- 9

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

PBF ENERGY INC.

(in thousands)

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from sale of Class A common stock, net of underwriters’ discount
Proceeds from issuance of PBFX common units, net of underwriters’ discount and
commissions
Proceeds from stock options exercised
Distribution to T&M and Collins shareholders
Distributions to PBF Energy Company LLC members other than PBF Energy
Distributions to PBFX public unit holders
Dividend payments
Proceeds from 2025 7.25% Senior Notes
Cash paid to extinguish 2020 8.25% Senior Secured Notes
Proceeds from revolver borrowings
Repayments of revolver borrowings
Proceeds from Rail Facility revolver borrowings
Repayments of Rail Facility revolver borrowings
Proceeds from PBF Rail Term Loan
Repayments of PBF Rail Term Loan
Proceeds from 2023 Senior Secured Notes
Proceeds from PBFX revolver borrowings
Repayments of PBFX revolver borrowings
Repayments of PBFX Term Loan borrowings
Proceeds from 2023 6.875% PBFX Senior Notes
Repayments of note payable
Proceeds from catalyst lease
Purchases of treasury stock
Deferred financing costs and other

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and equivalents, beginning of period
Cash and equivalents, end of period

Supplemental cash flow disclosures
Non-cash activities:
         Accrued and unpaid capital expenditures

Note payable issued for purchase of property, plant and equipment

         Conversion of Delaware Economic Development Authority loan to grant
Cash paid during year for:
         Interest, net of capitalized interest of $7,156, $8,452 and $3,529 in 2017, 2016

and 2015, respectively

         Income taxes

Year Ended December 31,

2017

$

— $

2016
275,300

$

2015
344,000

—
10,532
(1,800)
(4,584)
(43,510)
(131,686)
725,000
(690,209)
490,000
(490,000)
—
—
—
(6,633)
—
20,000
(179,500)
(39,664)
178,500
(1,210)
10,830
(1,038)
(17,131)
(172,103) $

138,378
—
—
(21,947)
(32,806)
(117,486)
—
—
550,000
(200,000)
—
(67,491)
35,000
—
—
194,700
(30,000)
(194,536)
—
—
15,586
(743)
—
543,955

$

(173,253) $
746,274
573,021

$

(198,046) $
944,320
746,274

$

—
—
—
(19,386)
(22,830)
(106,584)
—
—
170,000
(170,000)
102,075
(71,938)
—
—
500,000
24,500
(275,100)
(700)
350,000
—
—
(8,073)
(17,828)
798,136

546,447
397,873
944,320

$

$

26,805
6,831
—

166,538
—

$

$

35,595
—
4,000

137,599
3,841

7,974
—
4,000

96,859
124,040

$

$

$

$

$

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

F- 10

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

 
1. DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Description of the Business 

PBF Energy Inc. (“PBF Energy”) was formed as a Delaware corporation on November 7, 2011 and is the sole 
managing member of PBF Energy Company LLC (“PBF LLC”), a Delaware limited liability company, with a 
controlling interest in PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. PBF Energy consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC 
and its subsidiaries and records a noncontrolling interest in its consolidated financial statements representing the 
economic interests of PBF LLC’s members other than PBF Energy (refer to “Note 15 - Noncontrolling Interests”). 

PBF LLC, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, owns and operates oil refineries and related facilities in 
North America. PBF Holding Company LLC (“PBF Holding”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF LLC. PBF 
Investments LLC (“PBF Investments”), Toledo Refining Company LLC (“Toledo Refining” or “TRC”), Paulsboro 
Refining Company LLC (“Paulsboro Refining” or “PRC”), Delaware City Refining Company LLC (“Delaware 
City Refining” or “DCR”), Chalmette Refining, L.L.C. (“Chalmette Refining”), PBF Western Region LLC (“PBF 
Western Region”), Torrance Refining Company LLC (“Torrance Refining”) and Torrance Logistics Company LLC 
are PBF LLC’s principal operating subsidiaries and are all wholly-owned subsidiaries of PBF Holding.

PBF LLC also consolidates a publicly traded master limited partnership, PBF Logistics LP (“PBFX”). PBF Logistics 
GP LLC (“PBF GP”) owns the noneconomic general partner interest and serves as the general partner of PBFX 
and is wholly-owned by PBF LLC. PBF Energy, through its ownership of PBF LLC, consolidates the financial 
results of PBFX and its subsidiaries and records a noncontrolling interest in its consolidated financial statements 
representing the economic interests of PBFX’s unit holders other than PBF LLC (refer to “Note 15 - Noncontrolling 
Interests”). Collectively, PBF Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries, including PBF LLC, PBF Holding, PBF 
GP and PBFX are referred to hereinafter as the “Company” unless the context otherwise requires.

Substantially all of the Company’s operations are in the United States. The Company operates in two reportable 
business segments: Refining and Logistics. The Company’s oil refineries are all engaged in the refining of crude 
oil and other feedstocks into petroleum products, and are aggregated into the Refining segment. PBFX is a publicly 
traded master limited partnership that was formed to operate logistical assets such as crude oil and refined petroleum 
products terminals, pipelines and storage facilities. PBFX’s operations are aggregated into the Logistics segment. 
To generate earnings and cash flows from operations, the Company is primarily dependent upon processing crude 
oil and selling refined petroleum products at margins sufficient to cover fixed and variable costs and other expenses. 
Crude oil and refined petroleum products are commodities; and factors largely out of the Company’s control can 
cause prices to vary over time. The potential margin volatility can have a material effect on the Company’s financial 
position, earnings and cash flow.

Public Offerings

In  connection  with  certain  of  the  secondary  offerings  completed  in  2015,  2014  and  2013,  investment  funds 
associated with the initial investors in PBF LLC exchanged all of their PBF LLC Series A Units for an equal number 
of shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock which were subsequently sold to the public and, accordingly, no 
longer hold any PBF LLC Series A Units. The holders of PBF LLC Series B Units, which include certain current 
and former executive officers of PBF Energy, had the right to receive a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the 
PBF Energy Class A common stock by Blackstone and First Reserve. PBF Energy did not receive any proceeds 
from any of the secondary offerings. 

Certain other follow-on equity offerings were made to the public. On October 13, 2015, PBF Energy completed a 
public offering of an aggregate of 11,500,000 shares of its Class A common stock, including 1,500,000 shares of 
Class A common stock that was sold pursuant to the exercise of an over-allotment option, for net proceeds of 
$344,000, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses (the “October 2015 
Equity Offering”). Additionally, on December 19, 2016, the Company completed a public offering of an aggregate 

F- 11

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

of 10,000,000 shares of Class A common stock for net proceeds of $274,300, after deducting underwriting discounts 
and commissions and other offering expenses (the “December 2016 Equity Offering”).

As a result of the equity offerings described above and certain other transactions such as stock option exercises, 
as of December 31, 2017, the Company now owns 110,586,762 PBF LLC Series C Units and the Company’s 
current and former executive officers and directors and certain employees beneficially own 3,767,464 PBF LLC 
Series A Units, and the holders of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock have 96.7% of the 
voting power in the Company and the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy through their holdings of 
Class B common stock have the remaining 3.3% of the voting power in the Company.

Tax Receivable Agreement

PBF LLC intends to have an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) in effect for 
each taxable year in which an exchange of PBF LLC Series A Units for PBF Energy Class A common stock as 
described above occurs, which may result in an adjustment to the tax basis of the assets of PBF LLC at the time 
of an exchange of PBF LLC Series A Units. As a result of both the initial purchase of PBF LLC Series A Units 
from the PBF LLC Series A Unit holders in connection with the IPO and subsequent exchanges, PBF Energy will 
become entitled to a proportionate share of the existing tax basis of the assets of PBF LLC. In addition, the purchase 
of PBF LLC Series A Units and subsequent exchanges have resulted in and are expected to continue to result in 
increases in the tax basis of the assets of PBF LLC that otherwise would not have been available. Both this 
proportionate share and these increases in tax basis may reduce the amount of tax that PBF Energy would otherwise 
be required to pay in the future. These increases in tax basis may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future 
dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets.

F- 12

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Principles of Consolidation and Presentation

These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of PBF Energy and subsidiaries in which PBF Energy 
has a controlling interest. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Change in Presentation

In 2017, the Company determined that it would revise the presentation of certain line items on its consolidated 
statements of operations to enhance its disclosure under the requirements of Rule 5-03 of Regulation S-X. The 
revised presentation is comprised of the inclusion of a subtotal within costs and expenses referred to as “Cost of 
sales” and the reclassification of total depreciation and amortization expense between such amounts attributable 
to cost of sales and other operating costs and expenses. The amount of depreciation and amortization expense that 
is presented separately within the “Cost of Sales” subtotal represents depreciation and amortization of refining and 
logistics assets that are integral to the refinery production process.

The historical comparative information has been revised to conform to the current presentation. This revised 
presentation does not have an effect on the Company’s historical consolidated income from operations or net 
income, nor does it have any impact on its consolidated balance sheets, statements of comprehensive income, 
statements of changes in equity or statements of cash flows. Presented below is a summary of the effects of this 
revised presentation on the Company’s historical statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 
and 2015 (in thousands):

Cost and expenses:
Cost of products and other

Year Ended December 31, 2016

As Previously

Reported

Adjustments

As Reclassified

$ 13,598,341

— $ 13,598,341

Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization
expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense

Cost of sales

General and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and
amortization expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense
Loss on sale of assets
Total cost and expenses

$

1,423,198
—

166,452
222,176
11,374
15,421,541

—
216,341

—
(216,341)
—

1,423,198
216,341
15,237,880

166,452
5,835
11,374
$ 15,421,541

F- 13

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Cost and expenses:
Cost of products and other

Year Ended December 31, 2015

As Previously

Reported

Adjustments

As Reclassified

$ 11,481,614

— $ 11,481,614

Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization
expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense

904,525
—

Cost of sales

General and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and
amortization expense as reflected below)
Depreciation and amortization expense
Gain on sale of assets
Total cost and expenses

181,266
197,417
(1,004)
$ 12,763,818

—
187,729

—
(187,729)
—

904,525
187,729
12,573,868

181,266
9,688
(1,004)
$ 12,763,818

Cost Classifications

Cost of products and other consists of the cost of crude oil, other feedstocks, blendstocks and purchased refined 
products and the related in-bound freight and transportation costs. 

Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization) consists of direct costs of labor, maintenance and 
services, utilities, property taxes, environmental compliance costs and other direct operating costs incurred in 
connection with our refining operations. Such expenses exclude depreciation related to refining and logistics assets 
that are integral to the refinery production process, which is presented separately as Depreciation and amortization 
expense as a component of Cost of sales on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. 

Reclassification

Certain amounts previously reported in the Company’s consolidated financial statements for prior periods have 
been reclassified to conform to the 2017 presentation. These reclassifications, in addition to the changes in “Cost 
and expenses” described above, include certain details about accrued expenses and deferred charges and other 
assets in those respective footnotes.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those 
estimates.

Business Combinations 

We use the acquisition method of accounting for the recognition of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in 
business  combinations  at  their  estimated  fair  values  as  of  the  date  of  acquisition. Any  excess  consideration 
transferred over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Significant 
judgment is required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired. As a result, in the case of significant acquisitions, 
we obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible 
assets based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering 
the perspective of marketplace participants. While management believes those expectations and assumptions are 
reasonable, they are inherently uncertain. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may 
occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.

F- 14

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash 
equivalents. The carrying amount of the cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity 
of those instruments.

Marketable Securities

Debt or equity securities are classified into the following reporting categories: held-to-maturity, trading or available-
for-sale securities. The Company does not routinely sell marketable securities prior to their scheduled maturity 
dates. Some of the Company’s investments may be held and restricted for the purpose of funding future capital 
expenditures and acquisitions. Such investments are classified as available-for-sale marketable securities as they 
may occasionally be sold prior to their scheduled maturity dates due to the unexpected timing of cash needs. The 
carrying value of these marketable securities approximates fair value and is measured using Level 1 inputs (as 
defined below). The terms of the marketable securities ranged from one to three months and were classified on 
the balance sheet as current assets for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

The marketable securities were fully liquidated as of December 31, 2017 and the PBFX Term Loan (as defined in 
“Note 9 - Credit Facility and Debt”) that they collateralized was repaid in full during the year ended December 31, 
2017.

Concentrations of Credit Risk

For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 no single customer amounted to greater than or equal to 
10% of the Company’s revenues. 

No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our total trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2017 or 
December 31, 2016. 

Revenue, Deferred Revenue and Accounts Receivable

The Company sells various refined products primarily through its refinery subsidiaries and recognizes revenue 
related to the sale of products when there is persuasive evidence of an agreement, the sales prices are fixed or 
determinable, collectability is reasonably assured and when products are shipped or delivered in accordance with 
their respective agreements. Revenue for services is recorded when the services have been provided. Certain of 
the  Company’s  refineries  have  product  offtake  agreements  with  third-parties  under  which  these  third  parties 
purchase a portion of the refineries’ daily gasoline production. The refineries also sell their products through short-
term contracts or on the spot market. 

On May 4, 2017 and September 8, 2017, PBF Holding and its subsidiaries, DCR and PRC, entered into amendments 
to the inventory intermediation agreements (as amended in the second and third quarters of 2017, the “A&R 
Intermediation Agreements”) with J. Aron & Company, a subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (“J. Aron”), 
pursuant to which certain terms of the existing inventory intermediation agreements were amended, including, 
among other things, pricing and an extension of the terms. As a result of the amendments (i) the A&R Intermediation 
Agreement by and among J. Aron, PBF Holding and PRC relating to the Paulsboro refinery extends the term to 
December 31, 2019, which term may be further extended by mutual consent of the parties to December 31, 2020 
and (ii) the A&R Intermediation Agreement by and among J. Aron, PBF Holding and DCR relating to the Delaware 
City refinery extends the term to July 1, 2019, which term may be further extended by mutual consent of the parties 
to July 1, 2020.

Pursuant to each A&R Intermediation Agreement, J. Aron will continue to purchase and hold title to certain of the 
intermediate and finished products (the “Products”) produced by the Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries (the 
“Refineries”), respectively, and delivered into tanks at the Refineries. Furthermore, J. Aron agrees to sell the 
Products back to Paulsboro refinery and Delaware City refinery as the Products are discharged out of the Refineries’ 
tanks. These purchases and sales are settled monthly at the daily market prices related to those products. These 

F- 15

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

transactions are considered to be made in contemplation of each other and, accordingly, do not result in the 
recognition of a sale when title passes from the refineries to J. Aron. Additionally, J. Aron has the right to store the 
Products purchased in tanks under the A&R Intermediation Agreements and will retain these storage rights for the 
term of the agreements. PBF Holding will continue to market and sell the Products independently to third parties.

Accounts receivable are carried at invoiced amounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established, if required, 
to report such amounts at their estimated net realizable value. In estimating probable losses, management reviews 
accounts that are past due and determines if there are any known disputes. There was no allowance for doubtful 
accounts at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Excise taxes on sales of refined products that are collected from customers and remitted to various governmental 
agencies are reported on a net basis.

Inventory

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market. The cost of crude oil, feedstocks, blendstocks and refined 
products are determined under the last-in first-out (“LIFO”) method using the dollar value LIFO method with 
increments valued based on average purchase prices during the year. The cost of supplies and other inventories is 
determined principally on the weighted average cost method.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment additions are recorded at cost. The Company capitalizes costs associated with the 
preliminary, pre-acquisition and development/construction stages of a major construction project. The Company 
capitalizes the interest cost associated with major construction projects based on the effective interest rate of total 
borrowings. The Company also capitalizes costs incurred in the acquisition and development of software for internal 
use, including the costs of software, materials, consultants and payroll-related costs for employees incurred in the 
application development stage.

Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:

Process units and equipment
Pipeline and equipment
Buildings
Computers, furniture and fixtures
Leasehold improvements
Railcars

5-25 years
5-25 years
25 years
3-7 years
20 years
50 years

Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expenses as they are incurred. Improvements and betterments, 
which extend the lives of the assets, are capitalized.

Deferred Charges and Other Assets, Net

Deferred charges and other assets include refinery turnaround costs, catalyst, precious metals catalyst, linefill, 
deferred financing costs and intangible assets. Refinery turnaround costs, which are incurred in connection with 
planned major maintenance activities, are capitalized when incurred and amortized on a straight-line basis over 
the period of time estimated to lapse until the next turnaround occurs (generally 3 to 5 years).

Precious metals catalyst and linefill are considered indefinite-lived assets as they are not expected to deteriorate 
in their prescribed functions. Such assets are assessed for impairment in connection with the Company’s review 
of its long-lived assets as indicators of impairment develop.

Deferred financing costs are capitalized when incurred and amortized over the life of the loan (generally 1 to 8 
years).

F- 16

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Intangible assets with finite lives primarily consist of emission credits and permits and are amortized over their 
estimated useful lives (generally 1 to 10 years).

Long-Lived Assets and Definite-Lived Intangibles

The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate 
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment is evaluated by comparing the carrying value of the long-
lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from use of the assets and their 
ultimate disposition. If such analysis indicates that the carrying value of the long-lived assets is not considered to 
be recoverable, the carrying value is reduced to the fair value.

Impairment assessments inherently involve judgment as to assumptions about expected future cash flows and the 
impact of market conditions on those assumptions. Although management would utilize assumptions that it believes 
are reasonable, future events and changing market conditions may impact management’s assumptions, which could 
produce different results.

Asset Retirement Obligations

The Company records an asset retirement obligation at fair value for the estimated cost to retire a tangible long-
lived asset at the time the Company incurs that liability, which is generally when the asset is purchased, constructed, 
or leased. The Company records the liability when it has a legal or contractual obligation to incur costs to retire 
the asset and when a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the liability can be made. If a reasonable estimate 
cannot be made at the time the liability is incurred, the Company will record the liability when sufficient information 
is available to estimate the liability’s fair value. Certain of the Company’s asset retirement obligations are based 
on its legal obligation to perform remedial activity at its refinery sites when it permanently ceases operations of 
the long-lived assets. The Company therefore considers the settlement date of these obligations to be indeterminable. 
Accordingly, the Company cannot calculate an associated asset retirement liability for these obligations at this 
time. The Company will measure and recognize the fair value of these asset retirement obligations when the 
settlement date is determinable.

Environmental Matters

Liabilities for future remediation costs are recorded when environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts are 
probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Other than for assessments, the timing and magnitude of these 
accruals generally are based on the completion of investigations or other studies or a commitment to a formal plan 
of action. Environmental liabilities are based on best estimates of probable future costs using currently available 
technology and applying current regulations, as well as the Company’s own internal environmental policies. The 
measurement of environmental remediation liabilities may be discounted to reflect the time value of money if the 
aggregate amount and timing of cash payments of the liabilities are fixed or reliably determinable. The actual 
settlement of the Company’s liability for environmental matters could materially differ from its estimates due to 
a number of uncertainties such as the extent of contamination, changes in environmental laws and regulations, 
potential improvements in remediation technologies and the participation of other responsible parties.

Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-based compensation includes the accounting effect of options to purchase PBF Energy Class A common 
stock granted by the Company to certain employees, Series A warrants issued or granted by PBF LLC to employees 
in connection with their acquisition of PBF LLC Series A units, options to acquire Series A units of PBF LLC 
granted by PBF LLC to certain employees, Series B units of PBF LLC that were granted to certain members of 
management and restricted PBF LLC Series A Units and restricted PBF Energy Class A common stock granted to 
certain directors and officers. The estimated fair value of the options to purchase PBF Energy Class A common 
stock and the PBF LLC Series A warrants and options is based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the 
fair value of the PBF LLC Series B units is estimated based on a Monte Carlo simulation model. The estimated 
fair value is amortized as stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line method over the vesting period and 
included in general and administration expense with forfeitures recognized in the period they occur.

F- 17

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Additionally, stock-based compensation also includes unit-based compensation provided to certain officers, non-
employee directors and seconded employees of PBFX’s general partner, PBF GP, or its affiliates, consisting of 
PBFX phantom units. The fair value of PBFX’s phantom units are measured based on the fair market value of the 
underlying common units on the date of grant based on the common unit closing price on the grant date. The 
estimated fair value of PBFX’s phantom units is amortized over the vesting period using the straight-line method. 
Awards vest over a four year service period. The phantom unit awards may be settled in common units, cash or a 
combination of both. Expenses related to unit-based compensation are also included in general and administrative 
expenses with forfeitures recognized in the period they occur. 

Income Taxes

As a result of the PBF Energy’s acquisition of PBF LLC Series A Units or exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units 
for PBF Energy Class A common stock, PBF Energy expects to benefit from amortization and other tax deductions 
reflecting the step up in tax basis in the acquired assets. Those deductions will be allocated to PBF Energy and 
will be taken into account in reporting PBF Energy’s taxable income. As a result of a federal income tax election 
made by PBF LLC, applicable to a portion of PBF Energy’s acquisition of PBF LLC Series A Units, the income 
tax basis of the assets of PBF LLC, underlying a portion of the units PBF Energy acquired, has been adjusted based 
upon the amount that PBF Energy paid for that portion of its PBF LLC Series A Units. PBF Energy entered into 
the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined in “Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies”) which provides for 
the payment by PBF Energy equal to 85% of the amount of the benefits, if any, that PBF Energy is deemed to 
realize as a result of (i) increases in tax basis and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to entering into the Tax 
Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. As 
a result of these transactions, PBF Energy’s tax basis in its share of PBF LLC’s assets will be higher than the book 
basis of these same assets. This resulted in a deferred tax asset of $325,405 as of December 31, 2017, of which 
the majority is expected to be realized over 10 years as the tax basis of these assets is amortized.

Deferred taxes are provided using a liability method, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible 
temporary differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary 
differences represent the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. 
Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely 
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities 
are adjusted for the effect of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. PBF Energy recognizes tax 
benefits for uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable based on its 
technical merits. Interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions are included as a component of the provision for 
income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. As a result of the reduction of the corporate federal tax 
rate to 21% as part of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”), the liability associated with the Tax Receivable 
Agreement was reduced. Accordingly, the deferred tax assets associated with the payments made or expected to 
be made related to the Tax Receivable Agreement liability were also reduced.

The Federal tax returns for all years since 2014 and state tax returns for all years since 2013 or 2014 (see “Note 
19 - Income Taxes”) are subject to examination by the respective tax authorities. 

Net Income Per Share

Net income per share is calculated by dividing the net income available to PBF Energy Class A common stockholders 
by the weighted average number of shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock outstanding during the period. 
Diluted net income per share is calculated by dividing the net income available to PBF Energy Class A common 
stockholders, adjusted for the net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest and the assumed income tax 
expense thereon, by the weighted average number of PBF Energy Class A common shares outstanding during the 
period adjusted to include the assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A units outstanding for PBF Energy Class 
A common stock, if applicable under the if converted method, and the potentially dilutive effect of outstanding 
options to purchase shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock, and options and warrants to purchase PBF LLC 
Series A Units, subject to forfeiture utilizing the treasury stock method. 

F- 18

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits

The Company recognizes an asset for the overfunded status or a liability for the underfunded status of its pension 
and post-retirement benefit plans. The funded status is recorded within other long-term liabilities or assets. Changes 
in the plans’ funded status are recognized in other comprehensive income in the period the change occurs.

Fair Value Measurement

A fair value hierarchy (Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3) is used to categorize fair value amounts based on the quality 
of inputs used to measure fair value. Accordingly, fair values derived from Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values derived from Level 2 inputs are based on quoted prices 
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices that are either directly or 
indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, and 
include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.

The Company uses appropriate valuation techniques based on the available inputs to measure the fair values of its 
applicable assets and liabilities. When available, the Company measures fair value using Level 1 inputs because 
they generally provide the most reliable evidence of fair value. In some valuations, the inputs may fall into different 
levels in the hierarchy. In these cases, the asset or liability level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the 
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements.

Financial Instruments

The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined based on the Company’s assessment of 
available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. The Company’s non-derivative financial 
instruments that are included in current assets and current liabilities are recorded at cost in the consolidated balance 
sheets. The estimated fair value of these financial instruments approximates their carrying value due to their short-
term nature. Derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets.

The Company’s commodity contracts are measured and recorded at fair value using Level 1 inputs based on quoted 
prices in an active market, Level 2 inputs based on quoted market prices for similar instruments, or Level 3 inputs 
based on third party sources and other available market based data. The Company’s catalyst lease obligation and 
derivatives related to the Company’s crude oil and feedstocks and refined product purchase obligations are measured 
and recorded at fair value using Level 2 inputs on a recurring basis, based on observable market prices for similar 
instruments.

Derivative Instruments

The Company is exposed to market risk, primarily related to changes in commodity prices for the crude oil and 
feedstocks used in the refining process as well as the prices of the refined products sold. The accounting treatment 
for commodity contracts depends on the intended use of the particular contract and on whether or not the contract 
meets the definition of a derivative.

All derivative instruments, not designated as normal purchases or sales, are recorded in the balance sheet as either 
assets or liabilities measured at their fair values. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that either are 
not designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment or normal purchase or normal sale accounting are 
recognized currently in earnings. Contracts qualifying for the normal purchase and sales exemption are accounted 
for upon settlement. Cash flows related to derivative instruments that are not designated or do not qualify for hedge 
accounting treatment are included in operating activities.

The Company designates certain derivative instruments as fair value hedges of a particular risk associated with a 
recognized asset or liability. At the inception of the hedge designation, the Company documents the relationship 
between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for 
undertaking various hedge transactions. Derivative gains and losses related to these fair value hedges, including 
hedge ineffectiveness, are recorded in cost of sales along with the change in fair value of the hedged asset or liability 

F- 19

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

attributable to the hedged risk. Cash flows related to derivative instruments that are designated as fair value hedges 
are included in operating activities.

Economic hedges are hedges not designated as fair value or cash flow hedges for accounting purposes that are 
used to (i) manage price volatility in certain refinery feedstock and refined product inventories, and (ii) manage 
price volatility in certain forecasted refinery feedstock purchases and refined product sales. These instruments are 
recorded at fair value and changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments are recognized currently in cost 
of sales.

Derivative accounting is complex and requires management judgment in the following respects: identification of 
derivatives and embedded derivatives, determination of the fair value of derivatives, documentation of hedge 
relationships, assessment and measurement of hedge ineffectiveness and election and designation of the normal 
purchases and sales exception. All of these judgments, depending upon their timing and effect, can have a significant 
impact on the Company’s earnings.

Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance 

Effective January 1, 2017, the Company adopted Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) No. 2016-06, “Derivatives 
and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments (a consensus of the FASB Emerging 
Issues Task  Force)”  (“ASU  2016-06”). ASU  2016-6  was  issued  in  March  2016  by  the  Financial Accounting 
Standards Board (“FASB”) to increase consistency in practice in applying guidance on determining if an embedded 
derivative is clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the host contract, specifically for assessing 
whether call (put) options that can accelerate the repayment of principal on a debt instrument meet the clearly and 
closely related criterion. The Company’s adoption of this guidance did not materially impact its consolidated 
financial statements. 

Effective January 1, 2017, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-09, “Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 
718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting” (“ASU 2016-09”). ASU 2016-09 was issued 
by the FASB in March 2016 to simplify certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payments to employees. 
The guidance in ASU 2016-09 requires all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement 
when the awards vest or are settled rather than recording excess tax benefits or deficiencies in additional paid-in 
capital. The guidance in ASU 2016-09 also allows an employer to repurchase more of an employee’s shares than 
it could prior to its adoption for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a 
policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company’s adoption of this guidance did not materially 
impact its consolidated financial statements. 

Effective January 1, 2017, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-17, “Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held 
through Related Parties That Are under Common Control” (“ASU 2016-17”). ASU 2016-17 was issued by the 
FASB in October 2016 to amend the consolidation guidance on how a reporting entity that is the single decision 
maker of a variable interest entity (“VIE”) should treat indirect interests in the entity held through related parties 
that are under common control with the reporting entity when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary 
of that VIE. The amendments in this ASU do not change the characteristics of a primary beneficiary in current 
GAAP. The amendments in this ASU require that a reporting entity, in determining whether it satisfies the second 
characteristic of a primary beneficiary, include all of its direct variable interests in a VIE and, on a proportionate 
basis, its indirect variable interests in a VIE held through related parties, including related parties that are under 
common control with the reporting entity. The Company’s adoption of this guidance did not materially impact its 
consolidated financial statements. 

In  January  2017,  the  FASB  issued ASU  No.  2017-01,  “Business  Combinations  (Topic  805):  Clarifying  the 
Definition of a Business” (“ASU 2017-01”), which provides guidance to assist entities with evaluating when a set 
of transferred assets and activities is a business. Under ASU 2017-01, it is expected that the definition of a business 
will be narrowed and more consistently applied. ASU 2017-01 is effective for annual periods beginning after 
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those periods. The amendments in this ASU should be applied 
prospectively on or after the effective date. Early adoption of ASU 2017-01 is permitted and the Company early 

F- 20

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

adopted the new standard in its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures effective January 1, 2017. 
The Company’s adoption of this guidance did not materially impact its consolidated financial statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)” requiring 
revenue to be recognized when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects 
the expected consideration for these goods or services. The new guidance supersedes the revenue recognition 
requirements in FASB ASC Topic 605, “Revenue Recognition”, and most industry-specific guidance. The Company 
has adopted this new standard effective January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective application, whereby a 
cumulative effect adjustment will be recognized upon adoption, if applicable, and the guidance will be applied 
prospectively. 

The Company has completed our evaluation of the provisions of this standard and concluded that the adoption will 
not materially change the amount or timing of revenues recognized by the Company, nor will it materially affect 
the Company’s financial position. The majority of the Company’s revenues are generated from the sale of refined 
petroleum products and ethanol. These revenues are largely based on the current spot (market) prices of the products 
sold, which represent consideration specifically allocable to the products being sold on a given day, and the Company 
recognizes those revenues upon delivery and transfer of title to the products to its customers. The time at which 
delivery and transfer of title occurs is the point when the Company’s control of the products is transferred to its 
customers and when the Company’s performance obligation to its customers is fulfilled. Under the modified 
retrospective method of adoption, the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard is recognized as an 
adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings, and revenues reported in the periods prior to the date of 
adoption are not changed. The Company does not, however, expect to make such an adjustment to retained earnings 
as the Company has determined any such adjustment to not be material. The Company is currently developing its 
revenue disclosures and enhancing its accounting systems to enable the preparation of such disclosures.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842)” (“ASU 2016-02”), to increase the 
transparency and comparability about leases among entities. Additional ASUs have been issued subsequent to ASU 
2016-02  to  provide  additional  clarification  and  implementation  guidance  for  leases  related  to ASU  2016-02 
including ASU 2018-01, “Leases (Topic 842): Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842 
(“ASU 2018-01”) (collectively, the Company refers to ASU 2016-02 and these additional ASUs as the “Updated 
Lease Guidance”) The Updated Lease Guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding 
lease asset for virtually all lease contracts.  It also requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements. ASU 
2016-02 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and requires a modified 
retrospective approach to adoption. ASU 2018-01 provides a practical expedient whereby land easements (also 
known as “rights of way”) that are not accounted for as leases under existing GAAP would not need to be evaluated 
under ASU 2016-02; however the Updated Lease Guidance would apply prospectively to all new or modified land 
easements after the effective date of ASU 2016-02. In January 2018, the FASB issued a proposed ASU that would 
provide an additional transition method for the Updated Lease Guidance for lessees and a practical expedient for 
lessors. As proposed, this additional transition method would allow lessees to initially apply the requirements of 
ASU 2016-02 by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the 
period of adoption. The proposed practical expedient would allow lessors to not separate non-lease components 
from the related lease components in certain situations. Assuming the proposed ASU is approved after the comment 
period, the proposed ASU would have the same effective date as ASU 2016-02. While early adoption is permitted, 
the Company will not early adopt this Updated Lease Guidance. The Company has established a working group 
to study and lead implementation of the Updated Lease Guidance. This working group has been meeting on a 
regular basis and has instituted a preliminary task plan designed to meet the implementation deadline for ASU 
2016-02. The Company has also evaluated and purchased a lease software system and has begun implementation 
of the selected system. The working group continues to evaluate the impact of the Updated Lease Guidance on its 
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. At this time, the Company has identified that the most 
significant impacts of the Updated Lease Guidance will be to bring nearly all leases on its balance sheet with “right 
of use assets” and “lease obligation liabilities” as well as accelerating the interest expense component of financing 

F- 21

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

leases. While the assessment of the impacts arising from this standard is progressing, the Company has not fully 
determined the impacts on its business processes, controls or financial statement disclosures at this time.

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07, “Compensation—Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving 
the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost” (“ASU 2017-07”), 
which provides guidance to improve the reporting of net benefit cost in the income statement and on the components 
eligible for capitalization in assets. Under the new guidance, employers will present the service cost component 
of net periodic benefit cost in the same income statement line item(s) as other employee compensation costs arising 
from services rendered during the period. Only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization in 
assets. Additionally, under this guidance, employers will present the other components of the net periodic benefit 
cost separately from the line item(s) that includes the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income, 
if one is presented. These components will not be eligible for capitalization in assets. Employers will apply the 
guidance on the presentation of the components of net periodic benefit cost in the income statement retrospectively. 
The guidance limiting the capitalization of net periodic benefit cost in assets to the service cost component will 
be applied prospectively. The guidance includes a practical expedient allowing entities to estimate amounts for 
comparative periods using the information previously disclosed in their pension and other postretirement benefit 
plan note to the financial statements. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after 
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company does not expect the 
adoption  of  this  new  standard  to  have  a  material  impact  on  its  consolidated  financial  statements  and  related 
disclosures.

In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09, “Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of 
Modification Accounting” (“ASU 2017-09”), which provides guidance to increase clarity and reduce both diversity 
in practice and cost and complexity when applying the existing accounting guidance on changes to the terms or 
conditions of a share-based payment award. The amendments in ASU 2017-09 require an entity to account for the 
effects of a modification unless all the following are met: (i) the fair value of the modified award is the same as 
the fair value of the original award immediately before the original award is modified; (ii) the vesting conditions 
of the modified award are the same as the vesting conditions of the original award immediately before the original 
award is modified; and (iii) the classification of the modified award as an equity instrument or a liability instrument 
is the same as the classification of the original award immediately before the original award is modified. The 
guidance in ASU 2017-09 should be applied prospectively. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual 
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company 
will apply the guidance prospectively for any modifications to its stock compensation plans occurring after the 
effective date of the new standard.

In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12, “Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements 
to Accounting for Hedging Activities” (“ASU 2017-12”). The amendments in ASU 2017-12 more closely align 
the results of cash flow and fair value hedge accounting with risk management activities through changes to both 
the designation and measurement guidance for qualifying hedging relationships and the presentation of hedge 
results in the financial statements. The amendments in ASU 2017-12 address specific limitations in current GAAP 
by  expanding  hedge  accounting  for  both  nonfinancial  and  financial  risk  components  and  by  refining  the 
measurement of hedge results to better reflect an entity’s hedging strategies. Thus, the amendments in ASU 2017-12 
will enable an entity to better portray the economic results of hedging activities for certain fair value and cash flow 
hedges and will avoid mismatches in earnings by allowing for greater precision when measuring changes in fair 
value of the hedged item for certain fair value hedges. Additionally, by aligning the timing of recognition of hedge 
results with the earnings effect of the hedged item for cash flow and net investment hedges, and by including the 
earnings effect of the hedging instrument in the same income statement line item in which the earnings effect of 
the hedged item is presented, the results of an entity’s hedging program and the cost of executing that program 
will be more visible to users of financial statements. The guidance in ASU 2017-12 concerning amendments to 
cash flow and net investment hedge relationships that exist on the date of adoption should be applied using a 
modified retrospective approach (i.e., with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded to the opening balance of 
retained earnings as of the initial application date). The guidance in ASU 2017-12 also provides transition relief 
to make it easier for entities to apply certain amendments to existing hedges (including fair value hedges) where 

F- 22

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

the hedge documentation needs to be modified. The presentation and disclosure requirements of ASU 2017-12 
should be applied prospectively. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after 
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating 
the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In January 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-01, “Leases (Topic 842): Land Easement Practical Expedient for 
Transition to Topic 842 (“ASU 2018-01”). This ASU is discussed above in connection with ASU 2016-02 on leases.

3. PBF LOGISTICS LP

PBFX is a fee-based, growth-oriented, Delaware master limited partnership formed by PBF Energy to own or 
lease, operate, develop and acquire crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, storage facilities 
and similar logistics assets. PBFX engages in the receiving, handling, storage and transferring of crude oil, refined 
products, natural gas and intermediates from sources located throughout the United States and Canada for PBF 
Energy in support of its refineries, as well as for third party customers. As of December 31, 2017, a substantial 
majority of PBFX’s revenue is derived from long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with PBF Holding, 
which include minimum volume commitments, for receiving, handling, storing and transferring crude oil, refined 
products and natural gas. PBF Energy also has agreements with PBFX that establish fees for certain general and 
administrative services and operational and maintenance services provided by PBF Holding to PBFX. These 
transactions, other than those with third parties, are eliminated by PBF Energy in consolidation. 

PBFX, a variable interest entity, is consolidated by PBF Energy through its ownership of PBF LLC. PBF LLC, 
through its ownership of PBF GP, has the sole ability to direct the activities of PBFX that most significantly impact 
its economic performance. PBF LLC is considered to be the primary beneficiary of PBFX for accounting purposes. 

Public Offerings

On May 14, 2014, PBFX completed its initial public offering of 15,812,500 common units. On April 5, 2016, 
PBFX completed a public offering of an aggregate of 2,875,000 common units, including 375,000 common units 
that were sold pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase additional common units, 
for net proceeds of $51,625, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses 
(the “April 2016 PBFX Equity Offering”). In addition, on August 17, 2016, PBFX completed a public offering of 
an aggregate of 4,000,000 common units and granted the underwriter an option to purchase an additional 600,000
common units, of which 375,000 units were subsequently purchased on September 14, 2016, for total net proceeds 
of $86,753, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses (the “August 
2016 PBFX Equity Offering” and, together with the April 2016 PBFX Offering, the “2016 PBFX Offerings”).

PBFX’s initial assets consisted of a light crude oil rail unloading terminal at the Delaware City refinery that also 
services the Paulsboro refinery (which is referred to as the “Delaware City Rail Terminal”), and a crude oil truck 
unloading terminal at the Toledo refinery (which is referred to as the “Toledo Truck Terminal”) that are integral 
components of the crude oil delivery operations at three of PBF Energy’s refineries. 

September 2014 Drop-down Transaction

Effective September 30, 2014, PBF Holding distributed to PBF LLC all of the equity interests of Delaware City 
Terminaling Company II LLC (“DCT II”), which assets consist solely of the Delaware City heavy crude unloading 
rack (the “DCR West Rack”). PBF LLC then contributed to PBFX all of the equity interests of DCT II for total 
consideration of $150,000 (the “DCR West Rack Acquisition”). 

December 2014 Drop-down Transaction

Effective December 11, 2014, PBF LLC contributed to PBFX all of the issued and outstanding limited liability 
company interests of Toledo Terminaling Company LLC (“Toledo Terminaling”), whose assets consist of a tank 
farm and related facilities located at PBF Energy’s Toledo refinery, including a propane storage and loading facility 
(the “Toledo Storage Facility”), for total consideration of $150,000 (the “Toledo Storage Facility Acquisition”). 

F- 23

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

May 2015 Drop-down Transaction

On May 14, 2015 PBF LLC contributed to PBFX all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company 
interests of Delaware Pipeline Company LLC (“DPC”) and Delaware City Logistics Company LLC (“DCLC”), 
whose assets consist of a products pipeline, truck rack and related facilities located at our Delaware City refinery 
(collectively the “DCR Products Pipeline and Truck Rack Acquisition”), for total consideration of $143,000.

August 2016 Drop-down Transaction

On August 31, 2016, PBFX entered into a contribution agreement (the “TVPC Contribution Agreement”) between 
PBFX and PBF LLC. Pursuant to the TVPC Contribution Agreement, PBFX acquired from PBF LLC 50% of the 
issued and outstanding limited liability company interests of Torrance Valley Pipeline Company LLC (“TVPC”), 
whose assets consist of the San Joaquin Valley Pipeline system (which was acquired as a part of the Torrance 
Acquisition, as defined in “Note 4 - Acquisitions”), including the M55, M1 and M70 pipeline systems including 
pipeline stations with storage capacity and truck unloading capability (collectively, the “Torrance Valley Pipeline”). 
The total consideration paid to PBF LLC was $175,000, which was funded by PBFX with $20,000 of cash on 
hand, $76,200 in proceeds from the sale of marketable securities, and $78,800 in net proceeds from the PBFX 
August 2016 Equity Offering. PBFX borrowed an additional $76,200 under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility, 
which was used to repay $76,200 of the PBFX Term Loan (as defined in “Note 9 - Credit Facility and Debt”) in 
order to release $76,200 in marketable securities that had collateralized the PBFX Term Loan.

February 2017 Drop-down Transaction

On February 15, 2017, PBFX entered into a contribution agreement (the “PNGPC Contribution Agreement”) 
between PBFX and PBF LLC. Pursuant to the PNGPC Contribution Agreement, PBF LLC contributed to PBFX’s 
wholly owned subsidiary PBFX Operating Company LLC (“PBFX Op Co”) all of the issued and outstanding 
limited liability company interests of Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline Company LLC (“PNGPC”). PNGPC owns 
and operates an existing interstate natural gas pipeline that originates in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, at an 
interconnection with Texas Eastern pipeline that runs under the Delaware River and terminates at the delivery point 
to PBF Holding’s Paulsboro refinery, and is subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
(“FERC”). In connection with the PNGPC Contribution Agreement, PBFX constructed a new pipeline to replace 
the  existing  pipeline,  which  commenced  services  in August  2017  (the  “Paulsboro  Natural  Gas  Pipeline”).  In 
consideration for the PNGPC limited liability company interests, PBFX delivered to PBF LLC (i) an $11,600
intercompany promissory note in favor of Paulsboro Refining Company LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PBF 
Holding (the “Promissory Note”), (ii) an expansion rights and right of first refusal agreement in favor of PBF LLC 
with respect to the Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline and (iii) an assignment and assumption agreement with respect 
to certain outstanding litigation involving PNGPC and the existing pipeline.

Chalmette Storage Tank Lease 

Effective February 2017, PBF Holding and PBFX Op Co entered into a ten-year storage services agreement (the 
“Chalmette Storage Services Agreement”), under which PBFX, through PBFX Op Co, assumed construction of a 
crude oil storage tank at PBF Holding's Chalmette Refinery (the “Chalmette Storage Tank”), commencing on 
November 1, 2017 upon the completion of construction of the Chalmette Storage Tank. PBFX Op Co and Chalmette 
Refining have entered into a twenty-year lease for the premises upon which the tank is located and a project 
management agreement pursuant to which Chalmette Refining managed the construction of the tank, which expired 
upon the completion of the Chalmette Storage Tank in November 2017.  

As of December 31, 2017, PBF LLC holds a 44.1% limited partner interest in PBFX (consisting of 18,459,497
common units), with the remaining 55.9% limited partner interest held by the public unit holders. PBF LLC also 
owns all of the incentive distribution rights (“IDRs”) and indirectly owns a non-economic general partner interest 
in PBFX through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PBF GP, the general partner of PBFX. The IDRs entitle PBF LLC 
to receive increasing percentages, up to a maximum of 50.0%, of the cash PBFX distributes from operating surplus 
in excess of $0.345 per unit per quarter. As a result of the payment on May 31, 2017 by PBFX of its distribution 

F- 24

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

for the first quarter of 2017, the financial tests required for conversion of all of PBFX’s outstanding subordinated 
units into common units had been satisfied. As a result, all of PBFX’s subordinated units, which were owned by 
PBF LLC, converted on a one-for-one basis into common units effective June 1, 2017. The conversion of the 
subordinated  units  did  not  impact  the  amount  of  cash  distributions  paid  by  PBFX  or  the  total  number  of  its 
outstanding units. The subordinated units were issued by PBFX in connection with its initial public offering in 
May 2014.

 4. ACQUISITIONS

Torrance Acquisition 

On July 1, 2016, the Company acquired from ExxonMobil Oil Corporation and its subsidiary, Mobil Pacific Pipe 
Line Company, the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets (collectively, the “Torrance Acquisition”). The 
Torrance refinery, located in Torrance, California, is a high-conversion, delayed-coking refinery. The facility is 
strategically positioned in Southern California with advantaged logistics connectivity that offers flexible raw 
material sourcing and product distribution opportunities primarily in the California, Las Vegas and Phoenix area 
markets. The Torrance Acquisition provided the Company with a broader more diversified asset base and increased 
the number of operating refineries from four to five and expanded the Company’s combined crude oil throughput 
capacity. The acquisition also provided the Company with a presence in the PADD 5 market.

In  addition  to  refining  assets,  the  transaction  included  a  number  of  high-quality  logistics  assets  including  a 
sophisticated network of crude and products pipelines, product distribution terminals and refinery crude and product 
storage facilities. The most significant of the logistics assets is a crude gathering and transportation system which 
delivers San Joaquin Valley crude oil directly from the field to the refinery. Additionally, included in the transaction 
were several pipelines which provide access to sources of crude oil including the Ports of Long Beach and Los 
Angeles, as well as clean product outlets with a direct pipeline supplying jet fuel to the Los Angeles airport. 

The aggregate purchase price for the Torrance Acquisition was $521,350 in cash after post-closing purchase price 
adjustments,  plus  final  working  capital  of  $450,582.  In  addition,  the  Company  assumed  certain  pre-existing 
environmental  and  regulatory  emission  credit  obligations  in  connection  with  the  Torrance Acquisition.  The 
transaction was financed through a combination of cash on hand, including proceeds from certain equity offerings, 
and borrowings under PBF Holding’s asset based revolving credit agreement (the “Revolving Loan”).

The  Company  accounted  for  the Torrance Acquisition  as  a  business  combination  under  GAAP  whereby  the 
Company recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquisition at their estimated fair values as of 
the date of acquisition. The final purchase price and fair value allocation were completed as of June 30, 2017. 
During the measurement period, which ended in June 2017, adjustments were made to the Company’s preliminary 
fair value estimates related primarily to Property, plant and equipment and Other long-term liabilities reflecting 
the  finalization  of  the  Company’s  assessment  of  the  costs  and  duration  of  certain  assumed  pre-existing 
environmental obligations.

The total purchase consideration and the fair values of the assets and liabilities at the acquisition date were as 
follows:

Gross purchase price
Working capital
Post close purchase price adjustments
Total consideration

Purchase Price

537,500
450,582
(16,150)
971,932

$

$

F- 25

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The following table summarizes the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the 
acquisition date: 

Inventories
Prepaid and other current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Deferred charges and other assets, net
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Other long-term liabilities
Fair value of net assets acquired

Fair Value Allocation

404,542
982
704,633
68,053
(2,688)
(64,137)
(139,453)
971,932

$

$

The results of operations of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets are included in the Company’s 
consolidated financial statements for the full year ended December 31, 2017. The Company’s consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 include the results of operations of such assets from the date of 
the Torrance Acquisition on July 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016 during which period the Torrance refinery and 
related logistics assets contributed revenues of $1,977,204 and net income of $86,394. On an unaudited pro forma 
basis, the revenues and net income of the Company assuming the Torrance Acquisition had occurred on January 
1, 2015, are shown below. The unaudited pro forma information does not purport to present what the Company’s 
actual results would have been had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2015, nor is the financial information 
indicative  of  the  results  of  future  operations.  The  unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  includes  the 
depreciation and amortization expense attributable to the Torrance Acquisition and interest expense associated 
with the related financing.

(Unaudited)
Pro forma revenues
Pro forma net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders
Pro forma net income (loss) available to Class A common stock per share:

Basic
Diluted

PBFX Plains Asset Purchase

Year ended December 31,

2016
16,999,435
50,779

0.52
0.51

2015
16,252,729
(62,420)

(0.63)
(0.63)

$

$
$

$

$
$

On April 29, 2016, PBFX’s wholly-owned subsidiary, PBF Logistics Products Terminals LLC, purchased four
refined products terminals in the greater Philadelphia region (the “East Coast Terminals”) from an affiliate of Plains 
All American  Pipeline,  L.P.  ,  including  product  storage  tanks,  pipeline  connections  to  the  Colonial  Pipeline 
Company, Buckeye Partners, Sunoco Logistics Partners and other proprietary pipeline systems, truck loading lanes 
and marine facilities capable of handling barges and ships (the “PBFX Plains Asset Purchase”). This acquisition 
expands PBFX’s storage and terminaling footprint and introduces third-party customers to its revenue base.

The aggregate purchase price for the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase was $100,000, less working capital adjustments. 
The consideration for the transaction was funded by PBFX with $98,336 in proceeds from the sale of marketable 
securities. PBFX borrowed an additional $98,500 under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility, which was used to 
repay $98,336 of the PBFX Term Loan (as defined below) in order to release $98,336 in marketable securities that 
had collateralized the PBFX Term Loan. Subsequent to the closing of the Plains Asset Purchase, PBFX recorded 
an adjustment to the preliminary estimate for working capital of $37 as an increase to Prepaid and other current 
assets. 

F- 26

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

PBFX accounted for the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase as a business combination under GAAP whereby PBFX 
recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquisition at their estimated fair values as of the date of 
acquisition. Any excess consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired 
is recorded as goodwill. The final purchase price and fair value allocation were completed as of December 31, 
2016.

The total purchase consideration and the fair values of the assets and liabilities at the acquisition date were as 
follows:

Gross purchase price
Working capital adjustments
Total consideration

Purchase Price

100,000
(1,627)
98,373

$

$

The following table summarizes the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the 
acquisition date:

Prepaid and other current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
Other long-term liabilities
Fair value of net assets acquired

Fair Value Allocation

4,221
99,342
(3,174)
(2,016)
98,373

$

The  results  of  operations  of  the  East  Coast Terminals  are  included  in  the  Company’s  consolidated  financial 
statements for the full year ended December 31, 2017. The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended December 31, 2016 include the results of operations of the East Coast Terminals since the PBFX Plains 
Asset Purchase on April 29, 2016 during which period the East Coast Terminals contributed third party revenues 
of $11,871 and net income of $1,830. On an unaudited pro forma basis, the revenues and net income of the Company 
assuming the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2015, are shown below. The unaudited pro forma information 
does not purport to present what the Company’s actual results would have been had the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase 
occurred on January 1, 2015, nor is the financial information indicative of the results of future operations. The 
unaudited pro forma financial information includes the depreciation and amortization expense attributable to the 
PBFX Plains Asset Purchase and interest expense associated with related financing.

(Unaudited)
Pro forma revenues
Pro forma net income attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders
Pro forma net income available to Class A common stock per share:

Basic
Diluted

Chalmette Acquisition

Year ended December 31,
2015
2016
13,141,301
15,927,218
174,393
143,967

$

1.77
1.77

$
$

1.45
1.43

$

$
$

On November 1, 2015, the Company acquired from ExxonMobil, Mobil Pipe Line Company and PDV Chalmette, 
L.L.C., 100% of the ownership interests of Chalmette Refining, which owns the Chalmette refinery and related 
logistics assets (collectively, the “Chalmette Acquisition”). While the Company’s consolidated financial statements 
for both the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 include the results of operations of Chalmette Refining, the 

F- 27

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

final working capital settlement for the Chalmette Acquisition was finalized in the first quarter of 2016. Additionally, 
certain acquisition related costs for the Chalmette Acquisition were recorded in the first quarter of 2016. 

The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 include the 
results of operations of the Chalmette refinery for the full year. The Company’s consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended December 31, 2015 include the results of operations of the Chalmette refinery since November 
1, 2015 during which period the Chalmette refinery contributed revenues of $643,267 and net income of $53,539. 
On an unaudited pro forma basis, the revenues and net income of the Company assuming the acquisition had 
occurred on January 1, 2014, are shown below. The unaudited pro forma information does not purport to present 
what the Company’s actual results would have been had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2014, nor is the 
financial information indicative of the results of future operations. The unaudited pro forma financial information 
includes the depreciation and amortization expense related to the acquisition and interest expense associated with 
the Chalmette acquisition financing.

(Unaudited)
Pro forma revenues
Pro forma net income attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders
Pro forma net income available to Class A common stock per share:

Basic
Diluted

Acquisition Expenses

Year ended
December 31,

2015
16,811,922
263,606

2.72
2.70

$

$
$

The Company incurred acquisition related costs consisting primarily of consulting and legal expenses related to 
completed,  pending  and  non-consummated  acquisitions  of  $1,021,  $17,510  and  $5,833  in  the  years  ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These costs are included in the consolidated income statement 
in General and administrative expenses. 

5. INVENTORIES
Inventories consisted of the following:

Crude oil and feedstocks
Refined products and blendstocks
Warehouse stock and other

Lower of cost or market adjustment
Total inventories

 

December 31, 2017

Titled

Inventory

1,073,093
1,030,817
98,866
2,202,776
(232,652)
1,970,124

$

$

$

F- 28

Inventory

Intermediation
Arrangements
$

— $

311,477
—
311,477
(67,804)
243,673

$

$

$

$

Total
1,073,093
1,342,294
98,866
2,514,253
(300,456)
2,213,797

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Crude oil and feedstocks
Refined products and blendstocks
Warehouse stock and other

Lower of cost or market adjustment
Total inventories

December 31, 2016

Titled

Inventory

$

$

$

1,102,007
915,397
89,680
2,107,084
(492,415)
1,614,669

Inventory

Intermediation
Arrangements
$

— $

352,464
—
352,464
(103,573)
248,891

$

$

$

$

Total
1,102,007
1,267,861
89,680
2,459,548
(595,988)
1,863,560

Inventory  under  inventory  intermediation  arrangements  included  certain  light  finished  products  sold  to 
counterparties and stored in the Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries’ storage facilities in connection with the 
A&R Intermediation Agreements with J. Aron.

During the year ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded an adjustment to value its inventories to the 
lower of cost or market which increased operating income and net income by $295,532 and $178,475, respectively, 
reflecting the net change in the lower of cost or market inventory reserve from $595,988 at December 31, 2016 to 
$300,456 at December 31, 2017. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment 
to value its inventories to the lower of cost or market which increased operating income and net income by $521,348
and  $317,704,  respectively,  reflecting  the  net  change  in  the  lower  of  cost  or  market  inventory  reserve  from 
$1,117,336 at December 31, 2015 to $595,988 at December 31, 2016.

An actual valuation of inventories valued under the LIFO method is made at the end of each year based on inventory 
levels and costs at that time. We recorded a pre-tax charge related to a LIFO layer decrement of $4,940 and $11,746
in the Refining segment during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

F- 29

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
Property, plant and equipment, net consisted of the following:

Land
Process units, pipelines and equipment
Buildings and leasehold improvements
Computers, furniture and fixtures
Construction in progress

Less—Accumulated depreciation
Total property, plant and equipment, net

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

352,812
3,414,372
51,915
110,968
172,270
4,102,337
(623,124)
3,479,213

$

$

352,607
3,013,801
50,711
82,120
307,659
3,806,898
(478,128)
3,328,770

$

$

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $146,978, $116,629 and $94,781, 
respectively. The  Company  capitalized  $7,156  and  $8,452  in  interest  during  2017  and  2016,  respectively,  in 
connection with construction in progress.

7. DEFERRED CHARGES AND OTHER ASSETS, NET
Deferred charges and other assets, net consisted of the following: 

Deferred turnaround costs, net
Catalyst, net
Environmental credits
Linefill
Pension plan assets
Intangible assets, net
Other
Total deferred charges and other assets, net

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

$

$

560,403
131,019
42,452
19,485
9,593
537
18,694
782,183

$

$

302,919
114,788
51,636
19,485
9,440
577
7,751
506,596

The Company recorded amortization expense related to deferred turnaround costs, catalyst and intangible assets 
of $143,978, $105,547 and $102,636 for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively. 

Intangible assets, net was comprised of permits and emission credits as follows:

Gross amount
Accumulated amortization

Net amount

 

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

$

$

3,996
(3,459)
537

$

$

3,996
(3,419)
577

F- 30

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

8. ACCRUED EXPENSES 
Accrued expenses consisted of the following:

Inventory-related accruals
Inventory intermediation arrangements
Excise and sales tax payable
Accrued transportation costs
Accrued salaries and benefits
Accrued utilities
Accrued refinery maintenance and support costs
Renewable energy credit and emissions obligations
Accrued capital expenditures
Customer deposits
Accrued interest
Environmental liabilities 
Other
Total accrued expenses

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

1,151,810
244,287
118,515
64,400
58,589
42,189
35,674
26,231
18,765
16,133
14,080
8,289
15,892
1,814,854

$

$

810,027
225,524
86,046
89,830
17,466
44,190
28,670
70,158
35,149
9,215
28,570
9,434
13,405
1,467,684

$

$

 
The Company has the obligation to repurchase certain intermediates and finished products that are held in the 
Company’s refinery storage tanks at the Delaware City and Paulsboro refineries in accordance with the A&R 
Intermediation Agreements with J. Aron. As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2106, a liability is recognized 
for the inventory intermediation arrangements and is recorded at market price for the J. Aron owned inventory 
held in the Company’s storage tanks under the A&R Intermediation Agreements, with any change in the market 
price being recorded in Cost of products and other. 

The Company is subject to obligations to purchase Renewable Identification Numbers (“RINs”) required to comply 
with the Renewable Fuels Standard. The Company’s overall RINs obligation is based on a percentage of domestic 
shipments of on-road fuels as established by the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”). To the degree the 
Company is unable to blend the required amount of biofuels to satisfy our RINs obligation, RINs must be purchased 
on the open market to avoid penalties and fines. The Company records its RINs obligation on a net basis in Accrued 
expenses when its RINs liability is greater than the amount of RINs earned and purchased in a given period and 
in Prepaid and other current assets when the amount of RINs earned and purchased is greater than the RINs liability. 
In addition, the Company is subject to obligations to comply with federal and state legislative and regulatory 
measures, including regulations in the state of California pursuant to Assembly Bill 32 (“AB32”), to address 
environmental compliance and greenhouse gas and other emissions. These requirements include incremental costs 
to operate and maintain our facilities as well as to implement and manage new emission controls and programs. 
Renewable energy credit and emissions obligations fluctuate with the volume of applicable product sales and 
timing of credit purchases.

9. CREDIT FACILITY AND DEBT

PBF Holding Revolving Loan

On August 15, 2014, PBF Holding amended and restated the terms of the Revolving Loan to, among other things, 
increase the commitment from $1,610,000 to $2,500,000, and extend the maturity to August 2019. In addition, the 
amended and restated agreement reduced the interest rate on advances and the commitment fee paid on the unused 
portion of the facility. The amended and restated agreement also increased the sublimit for letters of credit from 
$1,000,000 to $1,500,000 and reduced the combined LC Participation Fee and Fronting Fee paid on issued and 

F- 31

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

outstanding letters of credit. The LC Participation Fee ranges from 1.25% to 2.0% depending on the Company’s 
senior secured debt rating and the Fronting Fee is equal to 0.25%.

An accordion feature allows for increases in the aggregate commitment of up to $2,750,000. In November and 
December 2015, PBF Holding increased the maximum availability under the Revolving Loan to $2,600,000 and 
$2,635,000, respectively. At the option of PBF Holding, advances under the Revolving Loan bear interest either 
at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin, or the Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Margin, 
all as defined in the agreement. The Applicable Margin ranges from 1.50% to 2.25% for Adjusted LIBOR Rate 
Loans and from 0.50% to 1.25% for Alternative Base Rate Loans, depending on the Company’s senior secured 
debt rating. Interest is paid in arrears, either at the maturity of each Adjusted LIBOR Rate Loan or quarterly in the 
case of Alternate Base Rate Loans.

Advances under the Revolving Loan, plus all issued and outstanding letters of credit may not exceed the lesser of 
$2,635,000 or the Borrowing Base, as defined in the agreement. The Revolving Loan can be prepaid, without 
penalty, at any time.

The  Revolving  Loan  contains  customary  covenants  and  restrictions  on  the  activities  of  PBF  Holding  and  its 
subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, liens, negative 
pledges,  guarantees,  investments,  loans,  asset  sales,  mergers,  acquisitions  and  prepayment  of  other  debt, 
distributions, dividends and the repurchase of capital stock, transactions with affiliates, the ability of PBF Holding 
to change the nature of its business or its fiscal year; the ability of PBF Holding to amend the terms of the Senior 
Secured Notes documents, and sale and leaseback transactions, all as defined in the credit agreement. 

In addition, the Revolving Loan has a financial covenant which requires that if at any time Excess Availability, as 
defined in the credit agreement, is less than the greater of (i) 10% of the lesser of the then existing Borrowing Base 
and the then aggregate Revolving Commitments of the Lenders (the “Financial Covenant Testing Amount”), and 
(ii) $100,000, and until such time as Excess Availability is greater than the Financial Covenant Testing Amount 
and $100,000 for a period of 12 or more consecutive days, PBF Holding will not permit the Consolidated Fixed 
Charge Coverage Ratio, as defined in the credit agreement and determined as of the last day of the most recently 
completed quarter, to be less than 1.1 to 1.0. 

PBF  Holding’s  obligations  under  the  Revolving  Loan  are  (a)  guaranteed  by  each  of  its  domestic  operating 
subsidiaries that are not Excluded Subsidiaries (as defined in the credit agreement) and (b) secured by a lien on 
(i) PBF LLC’s equity interest in PBF Holding and (ii) certain assets of PBF Holding and the subsidiary guarantors, 
including all deposit accounts (other than zero balance accounts, cash collateral accounts, trust accounts and/or 
payroll accounts, all of which are excluded from the collateral), all accounts receivable, all hydrocarbon inventory 
(other  than  the  intermediate  and  finished  products  owned  by  J. Aron  pursuant  to  the A&R  Intermediation 
Agreements) and to the extent evidencing, governing, securing or otherwise related to the foregoing, all general 
intangibles, chattel paper, instruments, documents, letter of credit rights and supporting obligations; and all products 
and proceeds of the foregoing.

Outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Loan as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 were $350,000
and $350,000, respectively. Issued letters of credit were $586,274 and $411,997 as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively.

PBFX Credit Facilities

On May 14, 2014, in connection with the closing of the PBFX Offering, PBFX entered into a five-year, $275,000 
senior secured revolving credit facility (the “PBFX Revolving Credit Facility”) and a three-year, $300,000 term 
loan facility (the “PBFX Term Loan”), each with the administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders. The PBFX 
Revolving Credit Facility was increased from $275,000 to $325,000 in December 2014 and from $325,000 to 
$360,000 in May 2016.

The  PBFX  Revolving  Credit  Facility  is  available  to  fund  working  capital,  acquisitions,  distributions,  capital 
expenditures, and other general partnership purposes and is guaranteed by a guaranty of collection from PBF LLC. 

F- 32

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

PBFX can increase the maximum amount of the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility by an aggregate amount of up 
to $240,000, to a total facility size of $600,000, subject to receiving increased commitments from lenders or other 
financial institutions and satisfaction of certain conditions. The PBFX Revolving Credit Facility includes a $25,000 
sublimit for standby letters of credit and a $25,000 sublimit for swingline loans. Obligations under the PBFX 
Revolving  Credit  Facility  and  certain  cash  management  and  hedging  obligations  designated  by  PBFX  are 
guaranteed by its restricted subsidiaries, and are secured by a first priority lien on PBFX’s assets (including PBFX’s 
equity interests in Delaware City Terminaling Company LLC) and those of PBFX’s restricted subsidiaries (other 
than excluded assets and a guaranty of collection from PBF LLC). The maturity date of the PBFX Revolving Credit 
Facility may be extended for one year on up to two occasions, subject to certain customary terms and conditions. 
Borrowings under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at either a base rate plus an applicable margin 
ranging from 0.75% to 1.75%, or LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.75%. The applicable 
margin will vary based upon PBFX’s Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio, as defined in the PBFX Revolving Credit 
Facility.

The PBFX Revolving Credit Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants customary for revolving credit 
facilities of this nature which, among other things, limit or restrict PBFX’s ability and the ability of its restricted 
subsidiaries to incur or guarantee debt, incur liens, make investments, make restricted payments, amend material 
contracts, engage in certain business activities, engage in mergers, consolidations and other organizational changes, 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of assets or enter into burdensome agreements or enter into transactions with 
affiliates on terms which are not arm’s length.

Additionally, under the terms of the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility, PBFX is required to maintain the following 
financial ratios, each tested on a quarterly basis for the immediately preceding four quarter period then ended (or 
such shorter period as shall apply, the “Measurement Period”): (a) until such time as PBFX obtains an investment 
grade credit rating, a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility) of 
at least 2.50 to 1.00; (b) a Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility) 
of not greater than 4.00 to 1.00 (or 4.50 to 1.00 at any time after (i) PBFX has issued at least $100,000 of unsecured 
notes, and (ii) in addition to clause (i), upon the consummation of a material permitted acquisition (as defined in 
the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility) and for two-hundred seventy days immediately thereafter (an “Increase 
Period”), if elected by PBFX by written notice to the administrative agent given on or prior to the date of such 
acquisition, the maximum permitted Consolidated Total Coverage Ratio shall be increased by 0.50 to 1.00 above 
the otherwise relevant level (the “Step-Up”), provided that Increase Periods may not be successive unless the ratio 
has been complied with for at least one Measurement Period ending after such Increase Period (i.e., without giving 
effect to the Step-Up)); and (c) after PBFX has issued at least $100,000 of unsecured notes, a Consolidated Senior 
Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility) of not greater than 3.50 to 1.00. The 
PBFX Revolving Credit Facility generally prohibits PBFX from making cash distributions (subject to certain 
exceptions) except for so long as no default or event of default exists or would be caused thereby, and only to the 
extent permitted by PBFX’s partnership agreement, PBFX may make cash distributions to its unit holders up to 
the amount of PBFX’s Available Cash (as defined in the PBFX partnership agreement).

The PBFX Term Loan was used to fund a distribution to PBF LLC and was guaranteed by a guaranty of collection 
from PBF LLC and secured at all times by cash, U.S. Treasury or other investment grade securities in an amount 
equal to or greater than the outstanding principal amount (refer to “Note 10 - Marketable Securities”). Borrowings 
under the PBFX Term Loan bore interest either at the Base Rate (as defined in the PBFX Term Loan), or at LIBOR 
plus an applicable margin equal to 0.25%. 

The PBFX Term Loan contained affirmative and negative covenants customary for term loans of this nature which, 
among other things, limited PBFX’s use of the proceeds and restricted PBFX’s ability to incur liens and enter into 
burdensome agreements.

The PBFX Revolving Credit Facility contains (and the PBFX Term Loan previously contained) events of default 
customary for transactions of their nature, including, but not limited to (and subject to any applicable grace periods 
in certain circumstances), the failure to pay any principal, interest or fees when due, failure to perform or observe 
any covenant contained in the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility or related documentation, any representation or 

F- 33

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

warranty made in the agreements or related documentation being untrue in any material respect when made, default 
under certain material debt agreements, commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings, certain 
changes in PBFX’s ownership or the ownership or board composition of PBF GP and material judgments or orders. 
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default under the agreements, the lenders may, 
among other things, terminate their commitments, declare any outstanding loans to be immediately due and payable 
and/or exercise remedies against PBFX and the collateral as may be available to the lenders under the agreements 
and related documentation or applicable law.

During 2016 and 2017 PBFX used borrowings under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility to repay the amount 
outstanding under the PBFX Term Loan. The PBFX Term Loan was fully repaid as of December 31, 2017. As of 
December 31, 2016, there was $39,664 outstanding under the PBFX Term Loan. 

The PBFX Revolving Credit Facility may be repaid, from time-to-time, without penalty. As of December 31, 2017, 
there were $29,700 of borrowings and $3,610 of letters of credit outstanding under the PBFX Revolving Credit 
Facility. At December 31, 2016, there were $189,200 of borrowings and $3,610 of letters of credit outstanding 
under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility.

PBFX Senior Notes

On May 12, 2015, PBFX entered into an indenture among the Partnership, PBF Logistics Finance Corporation, a 
Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Partnership (“PBF Finance”, and together with the 
Partnership, the “Issuers”), the Guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, 
under which the Issuers issued $350,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2023 (the 
“PBFX Senior Notes”). The initial purchasers in the offering purchased $330,090 aggregate principal amount of 
PBFX Senior Notes pursuant to a private placement transaction conducted under Rule 144A and Regulation S of 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and certain of PBF Energy’s officers and directors and their affiliates and 
family members purchased the remaining $19,910 aggregate principal amount of PBFX Senior Notes in a separate 
private placement transaction. The Issuers received net proceeds of approximately $343,000 from the offering after 
deducting the initial purchasers’ discount and offering expenses, and used such proceeds to pay $88,000 of the 
cash  consideration  due  in  connection  with  the  DCR  Products  Pipeline  and  Truck  Rack Acquisition  and  to 
repay $255,000 of outstanding indebtedness under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility.

On October 6, 2017, PBFX issued $175,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2023 (the 
“new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes”). The new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued at 102% of face value, or an 
effective interest rate of 6.442%. Furthermore, the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued under the indenture 
governing the 6.875% Senior Notes issued on May 12, 2015 (the “initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes” and, together 
with the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes, the “PBFX 2023 Senior Notes”). The new PBFX 2023 Senior notes are 
expected to be treated as a single series with the initial PBFX 2023 Senior Notes and have the same terms except 
that (i) the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes are subject to a separate registration rights agreement, and (ii) the new 
PBFX 2023 Senior Notes were issued initially under CUSIP numbers different from the initial PBFX 2023 Senior 
Notes. PBFX used the net proceeds from the offering of the new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes to repay a portion of 
the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility and for general capital purposes.

PBF LLC agreed to a limited guarantee of collection of the principal amount of the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes, but 
is not otherwise subject to the covenants of the indenture. The PBFX 2023 Senior Notes are general senior unsecured 
obligations of the Issuers and are equal in right of payment with all of the Issuers’ existing and future senior 
indebtedness, including amounts outstanding under the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility and the PBFX Term Loan.  
The PBFX 2023 Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to all of the Issuers’ and the Guarantors’ existing and 
future secured debt, including the PBFX Revolving Credit Facility and PBFX Term Loan, to the extent of the value 
of  the  assets  securing  that  secured  debt  and  will  be  structurally  subordinated  to  all  indebtedness  of  PBFX’s 
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes. The PBFX 2023 Senior Notes will be senior to 
any future subordinated indebtedness the Issuers may incur.

F- 34

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The PBFX indenture contains customary terms, events of default and covenants for transactions of this nature. 
These covenants include limitations on PBFX’s and its restricted subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: (i) 
make  investments;  (ii) incur  additional  indebtedness  or  issue  preferred  units;  (iii)  pay  dividends  or  make 
distributions on units or redeem or repurchase its subordinated debt; (iv) create liens; (v) incur dividend or other 
payment restrictions affecting subsidiaries; (vi) sell assets; (vii) merge or consolidate with other entities and (viii) 
enter  into  transactions  with  affiliates. These  covenants  are  subject  to  a  number  of  important  limitations  and 
exceptions.

PBFX has optional redemption rights to repurchase all or a portion of the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes at varying 
prices which are no less than 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The holders of the 
PBFX  2023  Senior  Notes  have  repurchase  options  exercisable  only  upon  a  change  in  control,  certain  asset 
dispositions, or in event of default as defined in the indenture.

As of December 31, 2017, there were $525,000 outstanding principal amount under the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes. 
At December 31, 2016, there were $350,000 outstanding under the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes.

PBF Rail Term Loan

On December 22, 2016, PBF Rail entered into a $35,000 term loan (the “PBF Rail Term Loan”) with a commercial 
bank lender to the transportation industry. The PBF Rail Term Loan amortizes monthly over its five year term and 
bears interest at a rate equal to one month LIBOR plus 2.0%. As security for the PBF Rail Term Loan, PBF Rail 
pledged, among other things: (i) certain eligible railcars; (ii) the Debt Service Reserve Account; and (iii) PBF 
Holding’s membership interest in PBF Rail. Additionally, the PBF Rail Term Loan contains customary terms, 
events of default and covenants for transactions of this nature. PBF Rail may at any time repay the PBF Rail Term 
Loan without penalty in the event that railcars securing the loan are sold, scrapped or otherwise removed from the 
collateral pool.

There was $28,366 and $35,000 outstanding under the PBF Rail Term Loan as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.

Senior Notes

On  February 9,  2012,  PBF  Holding  and  PBF  Holding’s  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  PBF  Finance  Corporation, 
completed the offering of $675,500 aggregate principal amount of 8.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the 
“2020 Senior Secured Notes”). The net proceeds, after deducting the original issue discount, the initial purchasers’ 
discounts and commissions, and the fees and expenses of the offering, were used to repay certain outstanding 
indebtedness plus accrued interest, as well as to reduce the outstanding balance of the Revolving Loan.

On November 24, 2015, PBF Holding and PBF Holding’s wholly-owned subsidiary, PBF Finance Corporation, 
completed an offering of $500,000 in aggregate principal amount of 7.00% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the 
“2023 Senior Notes”, and together with the 2020 Senior Secured Notes, the “Senior Secured Notes”). The net 
proceeds from this offering were approximately $490,000 after deducting the initial purchasers’ discount and 
offering expenses. The Issuers used the proceeds for general corporate purposes, including funding a portion of 
the purchase price for the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets.

The Senior Secured Notes are secured on a first-priority basis by substantially all of the present and future assets 
of PBF Holding and its subsidiaries (other than assets securing the Revolving Loan). Payment of the Senior Secured 
Notes is jointly and severally guaranteed by substantially all of PBF Holding’s subsidiaries. PBF Holding has 
optional redemption rights to repurchase all or a portion of the Senior Secured Notes at varying prices no less than 
100% of the principal amounts of the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. The holders of the Senior Secured 
Notes have repurchase options exercisable only upon a change in control, certain asset sale transactions, or in event 
of a default as defined in the indenture agreement.

In addition, the Senior Secured Notes contain customary terms, events of default and covenants for an issuer of 
non-investment grade debt securities including limitations on PBF Holding’s and its restricted subsidiaries’ ability 

F- 35

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

to,  among  other  things,  (1)  incur  additional  indebtedness  or  issue  certain  preferred  stock;  (2)  make  equity 
distributions; (3) pay dividends on or repurchase capital stock or make other restricted payments; (4) enter into 
transactions with affiliates; (5) create liens; (6) engage in mergers and consolidations or otherwise sell all or 
substantially all of its assets; (7) designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; (8) make certain investments; 
and (9) limit the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make payments to PBF Holding.

At all times after (a) a covenant suspension event (which requires that the Senior Secured Notes have investment 
grade ratings from both Moody’s Investment Services, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s), or (b) a Collateral Fall-Away 
Event, as defined in the indenture, the Senior Secured Notes will become unsecured.

On May 30, 2017, PBF Holding entered into an Indenture (the “Indenture”) among PBF Holding and PBF Holding’s 
wholly-owned  subsidiary,  PBF  Finance  Corporation  (“PBF  Finance”  and,  together  with  PBF  Holding,  the 
“Issuers”),  the  guarantors  named  therein  (collectively  the  “Guarantors”)  and  Wilmington  Trust,  National 
Association, as Trustee, under which the Issuers issued $725,000 in aggregate principal amount of 7.25% senior 
notes due 2025 (the “2025 Senior Notes”). The Issuers received net proceeds of approximately $711,576 from the 
offering after deducting the initial purchasers’ discount and offering expenses, all of which was used to fund the 
cash tender offer (the “Tender Offer”) for any and all of its outstanding 2020 Senior Secured Notes, to pay the 
related redemption price and accrued and unpaid interest for any 2020 Senior Secured Notes which remained 
outstanding after the completion of the Tender Offer, and for general corporate purposes. The difference between 
the carrying value of the 2020 Senior Secured Notes on the date they were reacquired and the amount for which 
they were reacquired has been classified as debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statements of operations.

The 2025 Senior Notes included a registration rights arrangement whereby the Issuers agreed to file with the SEC 
and use commercially reasonable efforts to consummate an offer to exchange the 2025 Senior Notes for an issue 
of registered notes with terms substantially identical to the notes not later than 365 days after the date of the original 
issuance of the notes. This registration statement was declared effective and the exchange was consummated during 
the fourth quarter of 2017. 

The 2025 Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by substantially all of PBF Holding’s subsidiaries. 
The 2025 Senior Notes and guarantees are senior unsecured obligations which rank equal in right of payment with 
all of the Issuers’ and the Guarantors’ existing and future senior indebtedness, including PBF Holding’s Revolving 
Loan and 2023 Senior Notes. The 2025 Senior Notes and the guarantees rank senior in right of payment to the 
Issuers’ and the Guarantors’ existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment 
thereto. The 2025 Senior Notes and the guarantees are effectively subordinated to any of the Issuers’ and the 
Guarantors’ existing or future secured indebtedness (including the Revolving Loan) to the extent of the value of 
the collateral securing such indebtedness. The 2025 Senior Notes and the guarantees are structurally subordinated 
to any existing or future indebtedness and other obligations of the Issuers’ non-guarantor subsidiaries.

PBF Holding has optional redemption rights to repurchase all or a portion of the 2025 Senior Notes at varying 
prices which are no less than 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. The holders of the 
2025 Senior Notes have repurchase options exercisable only upon a change in control, certain asset sale transactions, 
or in event of a default as defined in the Indenture. In addition, the 2025 Senior Notes contain customary terms, 
events of default and covenants for an issuer of non-investment grade debt securities that limit certain types of 
additional debt, equity issuances, and payments. Many of these covenants will cease to apply or will be modified 
if the 2025 Senior Notes are rated investment grade.

Upon the satisfaction and discharge of the 2020 Senior Secured Notes in connection with the closing of the Tender 
Offer and the redemption described above, a Collateral Fall-Away Event under the indenture governing the 2023 
Senior Notes occurred on May 30, 2017, and the 2023 Senior Notes became unsecured and certain covenants were 
modified, as provided for in the indenture governing the 2023 Senior Notes and related documents.

F- 36

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Note Payable

In connection with the purchase of a waste water treatment facility servicing the Toledo refinery completed on 
September 28, 2017, the Company issued a short-term promissory note payable in the amount of $6,831 due June 
30, 2018. Payments of $403 on the note are made monthly with a balloon payment of $3,200 due at maturity. As 
of December 31, 2017, there was $5,621 outstanding under the note payable. 

Precious Metals Catalyst Leases

Certain subsidiaries of the Company have entered into agreements whereby such subsidiary sold a portion of its 
precious metals catalyst to a major commercial bank and then leased back the precious metals catalyst. The volume 
of the precious metals catalyst and the lease rate are fixed over the term of each lease. At the maturity, the Company 
must repurchase the precious metals catalyst in question at its then fair market value. The Company believes that 
there is a substantial market for precious metals catalyst and that it will be able to release such catalyst at maturity. 
The Company treated these transactions as financing arrangements, and the lease payments are recorded as interest 
expense over the agreements’ terms. The Company has elected the fair value option for accounting for its catalyst 
lease repurchase obligations as the Company’s liability is directly impacted by the change in value of the underlying 
catalyst. The fair value of these repurchase obligations as reflected in the fair value of long-term debt outstanding 
table below is measured using Level 2 inputs.

Details on the catalyst leases at each of the Company’s refineries as of December 31, 2017 are included in the 
following table:

Annual

Expiration date

Annual lease fee
140
210
30
3
117
178
185
171
143

Paulsboro catalyst lease
Delaware City catalyst lease
Delaware City catalyst lease - Palladium
Delaware City bridge lease (short lease)
Delaware City bridge lease (long lease)
Toledo catalyst lease
Chalmette catalyst lease
Chalmette catalyst lease
Torrance catalyst lease
__________________
(1) On October 5, 2017 Delaware City Refining entered into two platinum bridge leases which will expire in 2018. 
The leases are payable at maturity and the Company expects that the matured leases will not be renewed. The total 
outstanding balance related to these bridge leases as of December 31, 2017 was $10,987 and is included in Current 
debt on our Consolidated balance sheet. 

December 2019
October 2019
October 2019
February 2018(1)
June 2018(1)
June 2020
November 2018(2) 
November 2019
July 2019

interest rate
2.20%
1.95%
2.05%
1.69%
1.69%
1.75%
3.85%
2.20%
1.78%

$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$

(2) The Chalmette catalyst lease is included in long-term debt as of December 31, 2017 as the Company has the 
ability and intent to finance this debt through availability under other credit facilities if the catalyst lease is not 
renewed at maturity. 

F- 37

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Long-term debt outstanding consisted of the following:

2025 Senior Notes
2023 Senior Notes
2020 Senior Secured Notes
Revolving Loan
PBF Rail Term Loan
PBFX Revolving Credit Facility
PBFX Term Loan
PBFX 2023 Senior Notes
Catalyst leases
Unamortized deferred financing costs
Unamortized premium on new PBFX 2023 Senior Notes

Less—Current debt
Long-term debt

Debt Maturities

Debt maturing in the next five years and thereafter is as follows:

Year Ending December 31,
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

$

$

725,000
500,000
—
350,000
28,366
29,700
—
525,000
59,048
(34,459)
3,374
2,186,029
(10,987)
2,175,042

$

$

 
$

$

—
500,000
670,867
350,000
35,000
189,200
39,664
350,000
45,969
(32,466)
—
2,148,234
(39,664)
2,108,570

16,066
412,610
10,072
28,366
—
1,750,000
2,217,114

10. MARKETABLE SECURITIES

The U.S. Treasury securities purchased by the Company with the proceeds from the PBFX initial public offering 
are used as collateral to secure the PBFX Term Loan. As necessary and at the discretion of PBFX, these securities 
are expected to be liquidated and the proceeds used to fund future capital expenditures. While PBFX does not 
routinely sell marketable securities prior to their scheduled maturity dates, some of PBFX’s investments may be 
held and restricted for the purpose of funding future capital expenditures and acquisitions, so these investments 
are classified as available-for-sale marketable securities as they may occasionally be sold prior to their scheduled 
maturity dates due to the unexpected timing of cash needs. The carrying value of these marketable securities 
approximates fair value and are measured using Level 1 inputs. The marketable securities were fully liquidated as 
of December 31, 2017 and the PBFX Term Loan that they collateralized was repaid in full.

As of December 31, 2016, the Company held $40,024 in marketable securities. The gross unrecognized holding 
gains and losses as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 were not material. The net realized gains or 
losses  from  the  sale  of  marketable  securities  were  not  material  for  the  years  ended  December 31,  2017  and 
December 31, 2016. 

F- 38

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

11. OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

Other long-term liabilities consisted of the following:

Defined benefit pension plan liabilities
Post-retirement medical plan liabilities
Environmental liabilities
Other
Total other long-term liabilities

12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

$

$

63,579
21,527
140,403
250
225,759

$

$

60,141
22,740
145,928
226
229,035

The Company has an agreement with the former Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, for the use of an 
airplane that is owned by a company owned by the former Executive Chairman. The Company pays a charter rate 
that is the lowest rate at which this aircraft is chartered to third-parties. For the year ended December 31, 2017, 
the Company did not incur any charges related to the use of this airplane. For the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015, the Company incurred charges of $824 and $957, respectively, related to the use of this airplane. 

Effective July 1, 2016, PBF Investments LLC entered into a Consulting Services Agreement with the former 
Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors for executive consultation with respect to strategic, operational, 
business and financial matters. Consulting payments made under this agreement were $900 and $500 for the years 
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and payments are expected to be $900 annually through the 
agreement expiration date of December 31, 2018.

As of December 31, 2017, the former Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors is no longer considered a 
related party.  

Pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of PBF LLC, the holders of PBF LLC 
Series B Units are entitled to an interest in the amounts received by Blackstone and First Reserve in excess of their 
original investment in the form of PBF LLC distributions and from the shares of PBF Energy Class A Common 
Stock issuable to Blackstone and First Reserve (for their own account and on behalf of the holders of PBF LLC 
Series B Units) upon an exchange, and the proceeds from the sale of such shares. Such proceeds received by 
Blackstone and First Reserve are distributed to the holders of the PBF LLC Series B Units in accordance with the 
distribution percentages specified in the PBF LLC amended and restated limited liability company agreement. 
There were no distributions to PBF LLC Series B Unit holders for the year ended December 31, 2017. The total 
amount distributed to the PBF LLC Series B Unit holders for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was 
$6,152 and $19,592, respectively.

13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Lease and Other Commitments

The Company leases office space, office equipment, refinery facilities and equipment, and railcars under non-
cancelable operating leases, with terms ranging from one to twenty years, subject to certain renewal options as 
applicable. Total rent expense was $125,433, $129,768 and $126,060 for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 
and 2015, respectively. The Company is party to agreements which provide for the treatment of wastewater and 
the supply of hydrogen and steam for certain of its refineries. The Company made purchases of $64,050, $53,364
and $36,139 under these supply agreements for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

F- 39

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The fixed and determinable amounts of the obligations under these agreements and total minimum future annual 
rentals, exclusive of related costs, are approximately:
Year Ending December 31,
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total obligations

141,421
122,775
109,272
89,163
48,530
169,704
680,865

$

$

Employment Agreements

PBF Investments (“PBFI”) has entered into amended and restated employment agreements with members of 
executive management and certain other key personnel that include automatic annual renewals, unless canceled. 
Under some of the agreements, certain of the executives would receive a lump sum payment of between one and 
a half to 2.99 times their base salary and continuation of certain employee benefits for the same period upon 
termination by the Company “Without Cause”, or by the employee “For Good Reason”, or upon a “Change in 
Control”, as defined in the agreements. Upon death or disability, certain of the Company’s executives, or their 
estates, would receive a lump sum payment of at least one half of their base salary.

Environmental Matters

The Company’s refineries, pipelines and related operations are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, 
state and local laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those relating to the discharge of materials into 
the  environment  or  that  otherwise  relate  to  the  protection  of  the  environment,  waste  management  and  the 
characteristics and the compositions of fuels. Compliance with existing and anticipated laws and regulations can 
increase the overall cost of operating the refineries, including remediation, operating costs and capital costs to 
construct, maintain and upgrade equipment and facilities.

In connection with the Paulsboro refinery acquisition, the Company assumed certain environmental remediation 
obligations. The Paulsboro environmental liability of $10,282 recorded as of December 31, 2017 ($10,792 as of 
December 31,  2016)  represents  the  present  value  of  expected  future  costs  discounted  at  a  rate  of  8.0%. At 
December 31, 2017 the undiscounted liability is $15,804 and the Company expects to make aggregate payments 
for this liability of $6,095 over the next five years. The current portion of the environmental liability is recorded 
in Accrued expenses and the non-current portion is recorded in Other long-term liabilities. As of December 31, 
2017 and December 31, 2016, this liability is self-guaranteed by the Company.

In connection with the acquisition of the Delaware City assets, Valero Energy Corporation (“Valero”) remains 
responsible for certain pre-acquisition environmental obligations up to $20,000 and the predecessor to Valero in 
ownership of the refinery retains other historical obligations.

In connection with the acquisition of the Delaware City assets and the Paulsboro refinery, the Company and Valero 
purchased ten year, $75,000 environmental insurance policies to insure against unknown environmental liabilities 
at each site. In connection with the Toledo refinery acquisition, Sunoco, Inc. (R&M) (“Sunoco”) remains responsible 
for environmental remediation for conditions that existed on the closing date for twenty years from March 1, 2011, 
subject to certain limitations. 

In connection with the acquisition of the Chalmette refinery, the Company obtained $3,936 in financial assurance 
(in the form of a surety bond) to cover estimated potential site remediation costs associated with an agreed to 
Administrative Order of Consent with the EPA. The estimated cost assumes remedial activities will continue for 
a  minimum  of  30  years.  Further,  in  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  the  Chalmette  refinery,  the  Company 

F- 40

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

purchased a ten year, $100,000 environmental insurance policy to insure against unknown environmental liabilities 
at the refinery. At the time the Company acquired Chalmette refinery it was subject to a Consolidated Compliance 
Order and Notice of Potential Penalty (the “Order”) issued by the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality 
(“LDEQ”) covering deviations from 2009 and 2010. Chalmette Refining and LDEQ subsequently entered into a 
dispute resolution agreement to negotiate the resolution of deviations inside and outside the periods covered by 
the Order. Although a settlement agreement has not been finalized, the administrative penalty is anticipated to be 
approximately $41, including beneficial environmental projects. To the extent the administrative penalty exceeds 
such amount, it is not expected to be material to the Company.

The Delaware City refinery is appealing a Notice of Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order issued in March 
2017, including a $150 fine, alleging violations of a 2013 Secretary’s Order authorizing crude oil shipment by 
barge. DNREC determined that the Delaware City refinery had violated the 2013 order by failing to make timely 
and full disclosure to DNREC about the nature and extent of those shipments, and had misrepresented the number 
of shipments that went to other facilities. The Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order conclude that the 2013 
Secretary’s Order was violated by the Delaware City refinery by shipping crude oil from the Delaware City terminal 
to three locations other than the Paulsboro refinery, on 15 days in 2014, making a total of 17 separate barge shipments 
containing approximately 35.7 million gallons of crude oil in total. On April 28, 2017, the Delaware City refinery 
appealed the Notice of Penalty Assessment and Secretary’s Order. The hearing of the appeal is scheduled for 
February 27, 2018. To the extent that the penalty and Secretary’s Order are upheld, there will not be a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

On December 28, 2016, DNREC issued a Coastal Zone Act permit (the “Ethanol Permit”) to DCR allowing the 
utilization of existing tanks and existing marine loading equipment at their existing facilities to enable denatured 
ethanol to be loaded from storage tanks to marine vessels and shipped to offsite facilities. On January 13, 2017, 
the issuance of the Ethanol Permit was appealed by two environmental groups. On February 27, 2017, the Coastal 
Zone Industrial Board (the “Coastal Zone Board”) held a public hearing and dismissed the appeal, determining 
that the appellants did not have standing. The appellants filed an appeal of the Coastal Zone Board’s decision with 
the Delaware Superior Court (the “Superior Court”) on March 30, 2017. On January 19, 2018, the Superior Court 
rendered an Opinion regarding the decision of the Coastal Zone Board to dismiss the appeal of the Ethanol Permit 
for the ethanol project. The Judge determined that the record created by the Coastal Zone Board was insufficient 
for the Superior Court to make a decision, and therefore remanded the case back to the Coastal Zone Board to 
address the deficiency in the record. Specifically, the Superior Court directed the Coastal Zone Board to address 
any evidence concerning whether the appellants’ claimed injuries would be affected by the increased quantity of 
ethanol shipments. During the hearing before the Coastal Zone Board on standing, one of the appellants’ witnesses 
made  a  reference  to  the  flammability  of  ethanol,  without  any  indication  of  the  significance  of  flammability/
explosivity to specific concerns. Moreover, the appellants did not introduce at hearing any evidence of the relative 
flammability of ethanol as compared to other materials shipped to and from the refinery. However, the sole dissenting 
opinion from the Coastal Zone Board focused on the flammability/explosivity issue, alleging that the appellants’ 
testimony raised the issue as a distinct basis for potential harms. Once the Board responds to the remand, it will 
go back to the Superior Court to complete its analysis and issue a decision.

In connection with the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets, the Company assumed 
certain  pre-existing  environmental  liabilities  totaling  $136,487  as  of  December 31,  2017  ($142,456  as 
of December 31,  2016),  related  to  certain  environmental  remediation  obligations  to  address  existing  soil  and 
groundwater contamination and monitoring activities and other clean-up activities, which reflects the current 
estimated cost of the remediation obligations. The Company expects to make aggregate payments for this liability 
of $32,426 over the next five years. The current portion of the environmental liability is recorded in Accrued 
expenses and the non-current portion is recorded in Other long-term liabilities. In addition, in connection with the 
acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets, the Company purchased a ten year, $100,000
environmental insurance policy to insure against unknown environmental liabilities. Furthermore, in connection 
with the acquisition, the Company assumed responsibility for certain specified environmental matters that occurred 
prior to the Company’s ownership of the refinery and the logistics assets, including specified incidents and/or 
NOVs issued by regulatory agencies in various years before the Company’s ownership, including the Southern 

F- 41

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

California Air Quality Management District (“SCAQMD”) and the Division of Occupational Safety and Health 
of the State of California (“Cal/OSHA”).

Additionally, subsequent to the acquisition, further NOVs were issued by the SCAQMD, Cal/OSHA, the City of 
Torrance and the City of Torrance Fire Department related to alleged operational violations, emission discharges 
and/or flaring incidents at the refinery and the logistics assets before and after the Company’s acquisition. In 
addition, subsequent to the acquisition, EPA and the California Department of Toxic Substance Control (“DTSC”) 
conducted inspections related to Torrance operations and issued preliminary findings related to potential operational 
violations. No settlement or penalty demands have been received to date with respect to any of the NOVs that is 
in excess of $100. As the ultimate outcomes are uncertain, the Company cannot currently estimate the final amount 
or timing of their resolution. It is reasonably possible that SCAQMD, Cal/OSHA and/or the City of Torrance will 
assess penalties in the other matters in excess of $100 but any such amount is not expected to have a material 
impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows, individually or in the aggregate.

In connection with the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase, PBFX is responsible for the environmental remediation costs 
for conditions that existed on the closing date up to a maximum of $250 per year for ten years, with Plains All 
American Pipeline, L.P. remaining responsible for any and all additional costs above such amounts during such 
period. The environmental liability of $1,923 recorded as of December 31, 2017 ($2,173 as of December 31, 2016) 
represents the present value of expected future costs discounted at a rate of 1.83%. At December 31, 2017 the 
undiscounted liability is $2,087 and PBFX expects to make aggregate payments for this liability of $1,250 over 
the next five years. The current portion of the environmental liability is recorded in Accrued expenses and the non-
current portion is recorded in Other long-term liabilities. 

Applicable Federal and State Regulatory Requirements

The Company’s operations and many of the products it manufactures are subject to certain specific requirements 
of the Clean Air Act (the “CAA”) and related state and local regulations. The CAA contains provisions that require 
capital  expenditures  for  the  installation  of  certain  air  pollution  control  devices  at  the  Company’s  refineries. 
Subsequent rule making authorized by the CAA or similar laws or new agency interpretations of existing rules, 
may necessitate additional expenditures in future years.

In 2010, New York State adopted a Low-Sulfur Heating Oil mandate that, beginning July 1, 2012, requires all 
heating oil sold in New York State to contain no more than 15 parts per million (“PPM”) sulfur. Since July 1, 2012, 
other states in the Northeast market began requiring heating oil sold in their state to contain no more than 15 PPM 
sulfur. Currently, all of the Northeastern states and Washington DC have adopted sulfur controls on heating oil. 
Most of the Northeastern states will now require heating oil with 15 PPM or less sulfur by July 1, 2018 (except 
for Pennsylvania and Maryland - where less than 500 PPM sulfur is required). All of the heating oil the Company 
currently produces meets these specifications. The mandate and other requirements do not currently have a material 
impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

The EPA issued the final Tier 3 Gasoline standards on March 3, 2014 under the CAA. This final rule establishes 
more stringent vehicle emission standards and further reduces the sulfur content of gasoline starting in January 
2017.  The new standard is set at 10 PPM sulfur in gasoline on an annual average basis starting January 1, 2017, 
with a credit trading program to provide compliance flexibility. The EPA responded to industry comments on the 
proposed rule and maintained the per gallon sulfur cap on gasoline at the existing 80 PPM cap. The refineries are 
complying with these new requirements as planned, either directly or using flexibility provided by sulfur credits 
generated or purchased in advance as an economic optimization. The standards set by the new rule are not expected 
to have a material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

In November 2017, the EPA issued final 2018 RFS standards that will slightly increase renewable volume standards 
from final 2017 levels. It is not clear that renewable fuel producers will be able to produce the volumes of these 
fuels required for blending in accordance with the 2018 standards. Despite decreasing 7% in comparison to 2017, 
the final 2018 cellulosic standard is still set at approximately 125% of the 2016 standard. It is likely that cellulosic 
RIN production will be lower than needed forcing obligated parties, such as us, to purchase cellulosic “waiver 

F- 42

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

credits” to comply in 2018 (the waiver credit option by regulation is only available for the cellulosic standard). 
The advanced and total RIN requirements were kept relatively flat in comparison to 2017, but remain 19% and 
7% higher than final 2016 levels. Production of advanced RINs has been below what is needed for compliance in 
2017 and obligated parties, such as us, will likely continue to rely on the nesting feature of the biodiesel RIN to 
comply with the advanced standard in 2018. Consistent with 2017, compliance in 2018 will likely rely on obligated 
parties drawing down the supply of excess RINs collectively known as the “RIN bank” and could tighten the RIN 
market potentially raising RIN prices further. While a proposal to change the point of obligation under the RFS 
program to the “blender” of renewable fuels was denied by the EPA in November of 2017, we remain hopeful that 
the current presidential administration will initiate necessary changes to the RFS program in the future and provide 
relief to us and other downstream refiners that continue to feel the burden of increased costs to comply with RFS.

In addition, on December 1, 2015 the EPA finalized revisions to an existing air regulation concerning Maximum 
Achievable  Control  Technologies  (“MACT”)  for  Petroleum  Refineries.  The  regulation  requires  additional 
continuous monitoring systems for eligible process safety valves relieving to atmosphere, minimum flare gas heat 
(Btu) content, and delayed coke drum vent controls to be installed by January 30, 2019. In addition, a program for 
ambient fence line monitoring for benzene was implemented prior to the deadline of January 30, 2018. The Company 
is in the process of implementing the requirements of this regulation. The regulation does not have a material 
impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

The EPA published a Final Rule to the Clean Water Act (“CWA”) Section 316(b) in August 2014 regarding cooling 
water intake structures, which includes requirements for petroleum refineries. The purpose of this rule is to prevent 
fish from being trapped against cooling water intake screens (impingement) and to prevent fish from being drawn 
through cooling water systems (entrainment). Facilities will be required to implement Best Technology Available 
(“BTA”) as soon as possible, but state agencies have the discretion to establish implementation time lines. The 
Company continues to evaluate the impact of this regulation, and at this time does not anticipate it having a material 
impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

As a result of the Torrance Acquisition, the Company is subject to greenhouse gas emission control regulations in 
the state of California pursuant to AB32. AB32 imposes a statewide cap on greenhouse gas emissions, including 
emissions from transportation fuels, with the aim of returning the state to 1990 emission levels by 2020. AB32 is 
implemented through two market mechanisms including the Low Carbon Fuel Standard (“LCFS”) and Cap and 
Trade, which was extended for an additional 10 years to 2030 in July 2017. The Company is responsible for the 
AB32 obligations related to the Torrance refinery beginning on July 1, 2016 and must purchase emission credits 
to comply with these obligations. Additionally, in September 2016, the state of California enacted Senate Bill 32 
(“SB32”) which further reduces greenhouse gas emissions targets to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030. 

However, subsequent to the acquisition, the Company is recovering the majority of these costs from its customers, 
and as such does not expect this obligation to materially impact the Company’s financial position, results of 
operations, or cash flows. To the degree there are unfavorable changes to AB32 or SB32 regulations or the Company 
is unable to recover such compliance costs from customers, these regulations could have a material adverse effect 
on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

The Company is subject to obligations to purchase RINs. On February 15, 2017, the Company received a notification 
that EPA records indicated that PBF Holding used potentially invalid RINs that were in fact verified under the 
EPA’s RIN Quality Assurance Program (“QAP”) by an independent auditor as QAP A RINs. Under the regulations, 
use of potentially invalid QAP A RINs provided the user with an affirmative defense from civil penalties provided 
certain conditions are met. The Company has asserted the affirmative defense and if accepted by the EPA will not 
be required to replace these RINs and will not be subject to civil penalties under the program. It is reasonably 
possible that the EPA will not accept the Company’s defense and may assess penalties in these matters but any 
such amount is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations 
or cash flows.

As of January 1, 2011, the Company is required to comply with the EPA’s Control of Hazardous Air Pollutants 
From Mobile Sources, or MSAT2, regulations on gasoline that impose reductions in the benzene content of its 

F- 43

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

produced gasoline. The Company purchases benzene credits to meet these requirements. The Company’s planned 
capital projects will reduce the amount of benzene credits that it needs to purchase. In addition, the renewable fuel 
standards mandate the blending of prescribed percentages of renewable fuels (e.g., ethanol and biofuels) into the 
Company’s produced gasoline and diesel. These new requirements, other requirements of the CAA and other 
presently existing or future environmental 25 regulations may cause the Company to make substantial capital 
expenditures as well as the purchase of credits at significant cost, to enable its refineries to produce products that 
meet applicable requirements. 

The federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (“CERCLA”), also 
known as “Superfund,” imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain 
classes  of  persons  who  are  considered  to  be  responsible  for  the  release  of  a  “hazardous  substance”  into  the 
environment. These persons include the current or former owner or operator of the disposal site or sites where the 
release occurred and companies that disposed of or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances. Under 
CERCLA, such persons may be subject to joint and several liability for investigation and the costs of cleaning up 
the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and for 
the costs of certain health studies. As discussed more fully above, certain of the Company’s sites are subject to 
these laws and the Company may be held liable for investigation and remediation costs or claims for natural 
resource damages. It is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal 
injury  and  property  damage  allegedly  caused  by  hazardous  substances  or  other  pollutants  released  into  the 
environment. Analogous state laws impose similar responsibilities and liabilities on responsible parties. In the 
Company’s current normal operations, it has generated waste, some of which falls within the statutory definition 
of a “hazardous substance” and some of which may have been disposed of at sites that may require cleanup under 
Superfund.

The  Company  is  also  currently  subject  to  certain  other  existing  environmental  claims  and  proceedings. The 
Company believes that there is only a remote possibility that future costs related to any of these other known 
contingent liability exposures would have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash 
flows.

PBF LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement 

The holders of limited liability company interests in PBF LLC, including PBF Energy, generally have to include 
for purposes of calculating their U.S. federal, state and local income taxes their share of any taxable income of 
PBF LLC, regardless of whether such holders receive cash distributions from PBF LLC. PBF Energy ultimately 
may not receive cash distributions from PBF LLC equal to its share of such taxable income or even equal to the 
actual tax due with respect to that income. For example, PBF LLC is required to include in taxable income PBF 
LLC’s allocable share of PBFX’s taxable income and gains (such share to be determined pursuant to the partnership 
agreement of PBFX), regardless of the amount of cash distributions received by PBF LLC from PBFX, and such 
taxable income and gains will flow-through to PBF Energy to the extent of its allocable share of the taxable income 
of PBF LLC. As a result, at certain times, the amount of cash otherwise ultimately available to PBF Energy on 
account of its indirect interest in PBFX may not be sufficient for PBF Energy to pay the amount of taxes it will 
owe on account of its indirect interests in PBFX. 

Taxable income of PBF LLC generally is allocated to the holders of PBF LLC units (including PBF Energy) pro-
rata in accordance with their respective share of the net profits and net losses of PBF LLC. In general, PBF LLC 
is required to make periodic tax distributions to the members of PBF LLC, including PBF Energy, pro-rata in 
accordance with their respective percentage interests for such period (as determined under the amended and restated 
limited liability company agreement of PBF LLC), subject to available cash and applicable law and contractual 
restrictions (including pursuant to our debt instruments) and based on certain assumptions. Generally, these tax 
distributions are required to be in an amount equal to our estimate of the taxable income of PBF LLC for the year 
multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local 
income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into account the 
nondeductibility  of  certain  expenses).  If,  with  respect  to  any  given  calendar  year,  the  aggregate  periodic  tax 
distributions were less than the actual taxable income of PBF LLC multiplied by the assumed tax rate, PBF LLC 

F- 44

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

is required to make a “true up” tax distribution, no later than March 15 of the following year, equal to such difference, 
subject to the available cash and borrowings of PBF LLC. PBF LLC generally obtains funding to pay its tax 
distributions by causing PBF Holding to distribute cash to PBF LLC and from distributions it receives from PBFX.

Tax Receivable Agreement 

PBF Energy entered into a tax receivable agreement with the PBF LLC Series A and PBF LLC Series B Unit 
holders (the “Tax Receivable Agreement”) that provides for the payment by PBF Energy to such persons of an 
amount equal to 85% of the amount of the benefits, if any, that PBF Energy is deemed to realize as a result of (i) 
increases  in  tax  basis,  as  described  below,  and  (ii) certain  other  tax  benefits  related  to  entering  into  the Tax 
Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For 
purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement, the benefits deemed realized by PBF Energy will be computed by 
comparing the actual income tax liability of PBF Energy (calculated with certain assumptions) to the amount of 
such taxes that PBF Energy would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the 
assets of PBF LLC as a result of purchases or exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy’s 
Class A common stock and had PBF Energy not entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement. The term of the Tax 
Receivable Agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless: (i) PBF Energy 
exercises  its  right  to  terminate  the Tax  Receivable Agreement,  (ii)  PBF  Energy  breaches  any  of  its  material 
obligations  under  the Tax  Receivable Agreement  or  (iii)  certain  changes  of  control  occur,  in  which  case  all 
obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally be accelerated and due as calculated under certain 
assumptions. 

The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are obligations of PBF Energy and not of PBF LLC, 
PBF Holding or PBFX. In general, PBF Energy expects to obtain funding for these annual payments from PBF 
LLC, primarily through tax distributions, which PBF LLC makes on a pro-rata basis to its owners. Such owners 
include  PBF  Energy,  which  holds  a  96.7%  and  96.5%  interest  in  PBF  LLC  as  of  December 31,  2017  and 
December 31, 2016, respectively. As a result of the reduction of the corporate federal tax rate to 21% as part of 
the TCJA, the liability associated with the Tax Receivable Agreement was reduced.  Accordingly, the deferred tax 
assets associated with the payments made or expected to be made related to the Tax Receivable Agreement liability 
were also reduced.

As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the Company has recognized a liability for the Tax Receivable 
Agreement of $362,142 and $611,392, respectively, reflecting the estimate of the undiscounted amounts that the 
Company expects to pay under the agreement. 

14. STOCKHOLDERS’ AND MEMBERS’ EQUITY STRUCTURE

Class A Common Stock

Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors 
out of funds legally available therefore, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of 
dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred 
stock. Upon the Company’s dissolution or liquidation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets, after 
payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation 
preferences, if any, the holders of shares of Class A common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata remaining 
assets available for distribution. Holders of shares of Class A common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, 
redemption or conversion rights.

Class B Common Stock

Holders of shares of Class B common stock are entitled, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common 
stock held by such holder, to one vote for each PBF LLC Series A Unit beneficially owned by such holder. 
Accordingly, the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy collectively have a number of votes in PBF Energy 
that is equal to the aggregate number of PBF LLC Series A Units that they hold.

F- 45

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters 
presented to stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable law.

Holders of Class B common stock do not have any right to receive dividends or to receive a distribution upon a 
liquidation or winding up of PBF Energy.

Preferred Stock

Authorized preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, with designations, powers and preferences as shall 
be designated by the Board of Directors.

PBF LLC Capital Structure

PBF LLC Series A Units

The allocation of profits and losses and distributions to PBF LLC Series A unit holders is governed by the Limited 
Liability Company Agreement of PBF LLC. These allocations are made on a pro rata basis with PBF LLC Series 
C Units. PBF LLC Series A unit holders do not have voting rights.

PBF LLC Series B Units

The PBF LLC Series B Units are intended to be “profit interests” within the meaning of Revenue Procedures 93-27 
and 2001-43 of the Internal Revenue Service and have a stated value of zero at issuance. The PBF LLC Series 
B Units are held by certain of the Company’s current and former officers, have no voting rights and are designed 
to increase in value only after the Company’s financial sponsors achieve certain levels of return on their investment 
in PBF LLC Series A Units. Accordingly, the amounts paid to the holders of PBF LLC Series B Units, if any, will 
reduce only the amounts otherwise payable to the PBF LLC Series A Units held by the Company’s financial 
sponsors, and will not reduce or otherwise impact any amounts payable to PBF Energy (the holder of PBF LLC 
Series C Units), the holders of the Company’s Class A common stock or any other holder of PBF LLC Series A 
Units. The maximum number of PBF LLC Series B Units authorized to be issued is 1,000,000.

PBF LLC Series C Units

The PBF LLC Series C Units rank on a parity with the PBF LLC Series A Units as to distribution rights, voting 
rights and rights upon liquidation, winding up or dissolution. PBF LLC Series C Units are held solely by PBF 
Energy.

F- 46

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Information about the issued classes of PBF LLC units for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
is as follows:

Series A Units

Series B Units

Series C Units

Balance—January 1, 2015

Secondary offering transaction
Issuances of restricted stock
Exercise of warrants and options
Exchange of Series A Units for Class A
common stock of PBF Energy Inc.
Redemption of C Units in connection with
stock repurchase
Surrender of units for tax withholding
October 2015 equity offering

Balance - December 31, 2015

Issuances of restricted stock
Exercise of warrants and options
Exchange of Series A Units for Class A
common stock of PBF Energy Inc.
December 2016 Equity Offering

Balance - December 31, 2016

Issuances of restricted stock
Exercise of warrants and options
Exchange of Series A Units for Class A
common stock of PBF Energy Inc.
Redemption of Series A Units by PBF
Energy

Balance - December 31, 2017

9,170,696
(3,804,653)
—
149,974

(529,178)

—
(1,481)
—
4,985,358
—
25,550

(1,090,006)
—
3,920,902
—
64,373

(196,580)

(21,231)
3,767,464

1,000,000
—
—
—

81,981,119
3,804,653
247,720
12,766

—

529,178

—
—
—
1,000,000
—
—

—
—
1,000,000
—
—

—

—
1,000,000

(284,771)
(8,732)
11,500,000
97,781,933
320,458
11,650

1,090,006
10,000,000
109,204,047
702,404
462,500

196,580

21,231
110,586,762

The warrants and options exercised in the table above include both non-compensatory and compensatory PBF LLC 
Series A warrants and options.

Treasury Stock

The Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $300,000 of the Company’s Class A common 
stock (the “Repurchase Program”). On September 26, 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a two
year extension to the Repurchase Program. As a result of the extension, the Repurchase Program will expire on 
September 30, 2018. From the inception of the Repurchase Program through December 31, 2017, the Company 
has purchased approximately 6.05 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock through open market 
transactions under the Repurchase Program, for a total of $150,804. There were no shares repurchased under the 
Repurchase program in either of the years ended December 31, 2017 or December 31, 2016.  

These repurchases may be made from time to time through various methods, including open market transactions, 
block trades, accelerated share repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, certain of which may 
be effected through Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 plans. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend 
on a variety of factors, including price, capital availability, legal requirements and economic and market conditions. 
The Company is not obligated to purchase any shares under the Repurchase Program, and repurchases may be 
suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice.

F- 47

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

As of December 31, 2017, the Company had $149,196 remaining in authorized expenditures under the Repurchase 
Program.

The Company also records Class A common stock surrendered to cover income tax withholdings for certain directors 
and employees and others pursuant to the vesting of certain awards under the Company’s equity-based compensation 
plans as treasury shares.

15. NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS

Noncontrolling Interest in PBF LLC

PBF Energy is the sole managing member of, and has a controlling interest in, PBF LLC. PBF Energy’s interest 
in PBF LLC was approximately 96.7% and 96.5% as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

PBF Energy consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries, and records a noncontrolling interest 
for the economic interest in PBF Energy held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy. Noncontrolling 
interest on the consolidated statements of operations includes the portion of net income or loss attributable to the 
economic interest in PBF Energy held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy. Noncontrolling interest 
on the consolidated balance sheets represents the portion of net assets of PBF Energy attributable to the members 
of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy.

The noncontrolling interest ownership percentages in PBF LLC as of the completion dates of each of the equity 
offerings and year ends occurring in the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are calculated as follows: 

January 1, 2015

February 6, 2015 - Secondary offering

October 13, 2015 - Equity offering

December 31, 2015

December 19, 2016 - Equity offering

December 31, 2016

December 31, 2017

Noncontrolling Interest in PBFX

Holders of

PBF LLC Series

A Units
9,170,696
10.1%
5,366,043
5.9%
5,111,358
5.0%
4,985,358
4.9%
4,120,902
3.6%
3,920,902
3.5%
3,767,464
3.3%

Outstanding

Shares

of PBF Energy

Class A
Common

Stock
81,981,119
89.9%
85,768,077
94.1%
97,393,850
95.0%
97,781,933
95.1%
109,004,047
96.4%
109,204,047
96.5%
110,565,531
96.7%

Total

91,151,815
100%
91,134,120
100%
102,505,208
100%
102,767,291
100%
113,124,949
100%
113,124,949
100%
114,332,995
100%

PBF LLC holds a 44.1% limited partner interest in PBFX and owns all of PBFX’s IDRs, with the remaining 55.9%
limited partner interest owned by public common unit holders as of December 31, 2017. PBF LLC is also the sole 
member of PBF GP, the general partner of PBFX.

PBF  Energy,  through  its  ownership  of  PBF  LLC,  consolidates  the  financial  results  of  PBFX,  and  records  a 
noncontrolling interest for the economic interest in PBFX held by the public common unit holders. Noncontrolling 
interest on the consolidated statements of operations includes the portion of net income or loss attributable to the 

F- 48

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

economic interest in PBFX held by the public common unit holders of PBFX other than PBF Energy (through its 
ownership in PBF LLC). Noncontrolling interest on the consolidated balance sheets includes the portion of net 
assets of PBFX attributable to the public common unit holders of PBFX. 

The noncontrolling interest ownership percentages in PBFX as of the DCR Products Pipeline and Truck Rack 
Acquisitions,  the  2016  PBFX  Equity  Offerings  and  the  years  ended  December 31,  2017,  2016  and  2015  are 
calculated as follows: 

January 1, 2015

May 15, 2015

December 31, 2015

April 5, 2016

August 17, 2016

December 31, 2016

December 31, 2017

Units of PBFX
Held by the

Public
15,812,500
47.9%
15,812,500
46.1%
15,924,676
46.3%
18,799,676
50.5%
22,893,472
55.4%
23,271,174
55.8%
23,441,211
55.9%

Units of PBFX
Held by PBF
LLC (Including
Subordinated

Units)
17,171,077
52.1%
18,459,497
53.9%
18,459,497
53.7%
18,459,497
49.5%
18,459,497
44.6%
18,459,497
44.2%
18,459,497
44.1%

Total

32,983,577
100.0%
34,271,997
100.0%
34,384,173
100.0%
37,259,173
100.0%
41,352,969
100.0%
41,730,671
100.0%
41,900,708
100.0%

Noncontrolling Interest in PBF Holding

In connection with the Chalmette Acquisition, PBF Holding recorded noncontrolling interests in two subsidiaries 
of Chalmette Refining. PBF Holding, through Chalmette Refining, owns an 80% ownership interest in both Collins 
Pipeline Company and T&M Terminal Company. The Company recorded a noncontrolling interest in the earnings 
of these subsidiaries of $95 and $269 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

F- 49

Balance at January 1, 2017
Comprehensive income
Dividends and distributions
Stock-based compensation
Exercise of PBF LLC options and
warrants, net
Effects of exchanges of PBF LLC 
Series A Units on deferred tax assets 
and liabilities and tax receivable 
agreement obligation
Treasury stock purchases
Other
Balance at December 31, 2017

Balance at January 1, 2016
Comprehensive income
Dividends and distributions
Effects of equity offerings and
exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units
on deferred tax assets and liabilities and
tax receivable agreement obligation
Issuance of additional PBFX common
units
Stock-based compensation
Exercise of PBF LLC options and
warrants, net
October 2015 Equity Offering
Treasury stock purchases
Other
Balance at December 31, 2016

$

$

$

$

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The following tables summarize the changes in equity for the controlling and noncontrolling interests of PBF 
Energy for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016: 

PBF Energy
Inc. Equity

Noncontrolling
Interest in PBF

LLC

Noncontrolling
Interest in PBF

Holding

Noncontrolling

Interest in

PBFX

Total Equity

2,025,044
414,575
(131,783)
21,503

10,533

(1,139)
(1,038)
(1,041)
2,336,654

$

$

98,671
16,714
(4,584)
—

(598)

—
—
—
110,203

$

$

12,513
95
(1,800)
—

—

—
—
—
10,808

$

$

$

434,456
51,073
(44,636)
5,345

2,570,684
482,457
(182,803)
26,848

—

9,935

—
—
(954)
445,284

(1,139)
(1,038)
(1,995)
2,902,949

Total Equity

2,095,857
222,926
(173,147)

(2,613)

138,378
22,656

886
275,300
(743)
(8,816)
2,570,684

$

$

$

PBF Energy
Inc. Equity

Noncontrolling
Interest in PBF

LLC

Noncontrolling
Interest in PBF

Holding

Noncontrolling

Interest in

PBFX

$

1,647,297
168,308
(132,705)

$

91,018
14,509
(6,728)

$

17,225
269
—

340,317
39,840
(33,714)

(2,613)

54,944
18,296

1,058
275,300
(743)
(4,098)
2,025,044

$

—

—
—

(172)
—
—
44
98,671

$

—

—
—

—
—
—
(4,981)
12,513

$

—

83,434
4,360

—
—
—
219
434,456

F- 50

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Comprehensive Income

Comprehensive income includes net income and other comprehensive income (loss) arising from activity related 
to the Company’s defined employee benefit plan and unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities. The following 
table summarizes the allocation of total comprehensive income between the controlling and noncontrolling interests 
of PBF Energy for the year ended December 31, 2017:

Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss):

Unrealized loss on available for sale securities
Amortization of defined benefit plans unrecognized
net loss

Total other comprehensive loss
Total comprehensive income

Attributable to
PBF Energy Inc. 

stockholders

Noncontrolling

Interests

Total

$

415,517

$

67,914

$

483,431

(23)

(1)

(919)
(942)
414,575

$

$

(31)
(32)
67,882

$

(24)

(950)
(974)
482,457

The  following  table  summarizes  the  allocation  of  total  comprehensive  income  of  PBF  Energy  between  the 
controlling and noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2016:

Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss):

Unrealized loss on available for sale securities
Amortization of defined benefit plans unrecognized
net loss

Total other comprehensive loss
Total comprehensive income

Attributable to
PBF Energy Inc. 

stockholders

Noncontrolling

Interest

Total

$

170,811

$

54,707

$

225,518

(41)

(1)

(2,462)
(2,503)
168,308

$

$

(88)
(89)
54,618

$

(42)

(2,550)
(2,592)
222,926

The  following  table  summarizes  the  allocation  of  total  comprehensive  income  of  PBF  Energy  between  the 
controlling and noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2015:

Net income
Other comprehensive income:

Unrealized gain on available for sale securities
Amortization of defined benefit plans unrecognized
net gain

Total other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income

Attributable to
PBF Energy Inc. 

stockholders

Noncontrolling

Interest

Total

$

146,401

$

49,132

$

195,533

118

6

1,887
2,005
148,406

$

$

95
101
49,233

$

124

1,982
2,106
197,639

F- 51

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

16. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Stock-based compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses consisted of the following:

 
 
PBF Energy options
PBF Energy restricted shares
PBFX Phantom Units

Years Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

9,369
12,134
5,345
26,848

$

$

11,020
7,276
4,360
22,656

$

$

7,528
1,690
4,279
13,497

PBF LLC Series A warrants and options
PBF LLC granted compensatory warrants to employees of the Company in connection with their purchase of Series 
A units in PBF LLC. The warrants grant the holder the right to purchase PBF LLC Series A Units. One-quarter of 
the PBF LLC Series A compensatory warrants were exercisable at the date of grant and the remaining three-quarters 
become exercisable over equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date subject 
to acceleration in certain circumstances. They are exercisable for ten years from the date of grant. The remaining 
warrants became fully exercisable in connection with the IPO of PBF Energy.

In addition, options to purchase PBF LLC Series A units were granted to certain employees, management and 
directors. Options vest over equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date 
subject to acceleration in certain circumstances. The options are exercisable for ten years from the date of grant. 

The Company did not issue PBF LLC Series A Unit compensatory warrants or options in 2017, 2016 or 2015.

The following table summarizes activity for PBF LLC Series A compensatory warrants and options for the years 
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

Number of
PBF LLC
Series A

Compensatory

Warrants
and Options

Weighted
Average

Exercise Price

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual

Life

(in years)

Stock Based Compensation, Outstanding at January 1,
2015

Exercised
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2015

Exercised
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2016

Exercised
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2017
Exercisable and vested at December 31, 2017
Exercisable and vested at December 31, 2016
Exercisable and vested at December 31, 2015
Expected to vest at December 31, 2017

801,479
(160,700)
—
640,779
(27,833)
—
612,946
(126,634)
—
486,312
486,312
612,946
640,779
486,312

$

$

$

$
$
$
$
$

10.53
10.28
—
10.59
10.00
—
10.62
10.17
—
10.73
10.73
10.62
10.59
10.73

6.41
—
—
5.46
—
—
4.47
—
—
3.52
3.52
4.47
5.46
3.52

The total intrinsic value of stock options both outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 
2016 was $12,016 and $10,577, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years 
ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 was $2,301, $461, and $3,452, respectively. 

F- 52

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

There  was  no  unrecognized  compensation  expense  related  to  PBF  LLC  Series A  warrants  and  options  at 
December 31, 2017 or 2016.

Prior to 2014, members of management of the Company had also purchased non-compensatory Series A warrants 
in PBF LLC with an exercise price of $10.00 per unit, all of which were immediately exercisable. There were no 
non-compensatory  warrants  exercised  during  the  years  ended  December 31,  2017  and  December 31,  2016, 
respectively. At  December 31,  2017  and  2016,  there  were  32,719  non-compensatory  warrants  outstanding, 
respectively.

PBF LLC Series B Units
PBF LLC Series B Units were issued and allocated to certain members of management during the years ended 
December 31, 2011 and 2010. One-quarter of the PBF LLC Series B Units vested at the time of grant and the 
remaining three-quarters vested in equal annual installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant 
date, subject to accelerated vesting upon certain events. The Series B Units fully vested during the year ended 
December 31, 2013. There was no activity related to the Series B units for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016 or 2015.

PBF Energy options and restricted stock
The Company grants awards of its Class A common stock under its equity incentive plans which authorize the 
granting  of  various  stock  and  stock-related  awards  to  directors,  employees,  prospective  employees  and  non-
employees. Awards include options to purchase shares of Class A common stock and restricted Class A common 
stock that vest over a period determined by the plans. 

The PBF Energy options and restricted Class A common stock vest in equal annual installments on each of the 
first four anniversaries of the grant date subject to acceleration in certain circumstances. The options are exercisable 
for ten years from the date of grant.

The following table summarizes activity for PBF Energy restricted stock for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016 and 2015. 

Nonvested at  January 1, 2015
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Nonvested at December 31, 2015
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Nonvested at December 31, 2016
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Nonvested at December 31, 2017

Number of
PBF Energy

Restricted Class A
Common Stock

Weighted Average

Grant Date
Fair Value

85,288
247,720
(38,128)
—
294,880
360,820
(134,331)
—
521,369
762,425
(172,978)
(15,100)
1,095,716

$

$

$

$

31.49
30.97
32.84
—
30.87
22.44
31.43
—
24.89
25.86
24.99
24.18
25.56

F- 53

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The estimated fair value of PBF Energy options granted during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015 was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Expected life (in years)
Expected volatility
Dividend yield
Risk-free rate of return
Exercise price

December 31, 2017
6.25
39.5%
4.58%
2.09%
26.52

$

December 31, 2016
6.25
39.7%
4.73%
1.42%
26.18

$

December 31, 2015
6.25
38.4%
3.96%
1.58%
30.28

$

The following table summarizes activity for PBF Energy options for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015. 

Stock-based awards, outstanding at January 1, 2015

Granted
Exercised
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2015

Granted
Exercised
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2016

Granted
Exercised
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2017

Exercisable and vested at December 31, 2017
Exercisable and vested at December 31, 2016
Exercisable and vested at December 31, 2015
Expected to vest at December 31, 2017

Number of
PBF Energy

Class A
Common

Stock Options
2,401,875
1,899,500
(30,000)
(15,000)
4,256,375
1,792,000
(11,250)
(66,500)
5,970,625
1,638,075
(462,500)
(263,425)
6,882,775
2,958,875
2,271,375
1,136,250
6,882,775

Weighted
Average

$

Exercise Price
25.97
$
30.28
25.79
26.38
27.89
26.18
25.86
28.74
27.37
26.52
25.65
27.71
27.27
27.58
27.23
26.22
27.27

$
$
$
$
$

$

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual

Life

(in years)

8.67
10.00
—
—
8.32
10.00
—
—
8.02
10.00
—
—
7.82
6.77
7.21
7.61
7.82

The total estimated fair value of PBF Energy options granted in 2017 and 2016 was $10,913 and $11,346 and the 
weighted average per unit fair value was $6.66 and $6.33. The total intrinsic value of stock options outstanding 
and exercisable at December 31, 2017, was $56,656 and $23,665, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock 
options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2016, was $11,676 and $3,914, respectively. The total intrinsic 
value  of  stock  options  exercised  during  the  years  ended  December 31,  2017  and  2016  was  $2,365  and  $5, 
respectively. 

Unrecognized compensation expense related to PBF Energy options at December 31, 2017 was $21,809, which 
will be recognized from 2018 through 2021.

F- 54

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

PBFX Phantom Units

PBF GP’s board of directors adopted the PBF Logistics LP 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “PBFX LTIP”) 
in  connection  with  the  completion  of  the  PBFX  Offering. The  PBFX  LTIP  is  for  the  benefit  of  employees, 
consultants, service providers and non-employee directors of the general partner and its affiliates.

In the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, PBFX issued phantom unit awards under the PBFX LTIP 
to certain directors, officers and employees of our general partner or its affiliates as compensation. The fair value 
of each phantom unit on the grant date is equal to the market price of PBFX’s common unit on that date. The 
estimated fair value of PBFX’s phantom units is amortized over the vesting period of four years, using the straight-
line method. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to PBFX’s nonvested phantom units totaled $6,662
and $5,855 as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-
average period of four years. The fair value of nonvested service phantom units outstanding as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, totaled $13,845 and $12,693, respectively. 

A summary of PBFX’s unit award activity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is set forth 
below:

Nonvested at January 1, 2015
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Nonvested at December 31, 2015
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Nonvested at December 31, 2016
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Nonvested at December 31, 2017

Number of

Phantom Units
275,522
266,360
(137,007)
(1,500)
403,375
284,854
(116,349)
(7,000)
564,880
319,940
(217,171)
(24,875)
642,774

$

$

$

$

Weighted 
Average

Grant Date
Fair Value

26.56
23.92
25.83
26.74
25.06
19.95
25.24
23.20
22.47
20.97
23.15
21.23
21.54

The PBFX LTIP provides for the issuance of distribution equivalent rights (“DERs”) in connection with phantom 
unit awards. A DER entitles the participant, upon vesting of the related phantom units, to a mandatory cash payments 
equal to the product of the number of vested phantom unit awards and the cash distribution per common unit paid 
by PBFX to its common unitholders. Cash payments made in connection with DERs are charged to partners’ equity, 
accrued and paid upon vesting. 

17. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

Defined Contribution Plan

The Company’s defined contribution plan covers all employees. Employees are eligible to participate as of the 
first day of the month following 30 days of service. Participants can make basic contributions up to 50 percent of 
their annual salary subject to Internal Revenue Service limits. The Company matches participants’ contributions 
at the rate of 200 percent of the first 3 percent of each participant’s total basic contribution based on the participant’s 
total annual salary. The Company’s contribution to the qualified defined contribution plans was $23,321, $19,746
and $12,753 for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

F- 55

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Defined Benefit and Post-Retirement Medical Plans

The Company sponsors a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (the “Qualified Plan”) with a policy to 
fund pension liabilities in accordance with the limits imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974 (“ERISA”) and Federal income tax laws. In addition, the Company sponsors a supplemental pension plan 
covering  certain  employees,  which  provides  incremental  payments  that  would  have  been  payable  from  the 
Company’s principal pension plan, were it not for limitations imposed by income tax regulations (the “Supplemental 
Plan”). The funded status is measured as the difference between plan assets at fair value and the projected benefit 
obligation which is to be recognized in the balance sheet. The plan assets and benefit obligations are measured as 
of the balance sheet date.

The non-union Delaware City employees and all Paulsboro, Toledo, Chalmette and Torrance employees became 
eligible to participate in the Company’s defined benefit plans as of the respective acquisition dates. The union 
Delaware  City  employees  became  eligible  to  participate  in  the  Company’s  defined  benefit  plans  upon 
commencement of normal operations. The Company did not assume any of the employees’ pension liability accrued 
prior to the respective acquisitions.

The Company formed the Post-Retirement Medical Plan on December 31, 2010 to provide health care coverage 
continuation from date of retirement to age 65 for qualifying employees associated with the Paulsboro acquisition. 
The  Company  credited  the  qualifying  employees  with  their  prior  service  under Valero  which  resulted  in  the 
recognition of a liability for the projected benefit obligation. The Post-Retirement Medical Plan was amended 
during 2013 to include all corporate employees, amended in 2014 to include Delaware City and Toledo employees, 
amended in 2015 to include Chalmette employees and amended in 2016 to include Torrance employees.

The changes in the benefit obligation, the changes in fair value of plan assets, and the funded status of the Company’s 
Pension and Post-Retirement Medical Plans as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as 
follows:

F- 56

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

 
 
Change in benefit obligation:
Benefit obligation at beginning of year

Service cost
Interest cost
Plan amendments
Plan settlements
Benefit payments
Actuarial loss (gain)

Projected benefit obligation at end of year
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

Actual return on plan assets
Benefits paid
Plan settlements
Employer contributions

Fair value of plan assets at end of year
Reconciliation of funded status:
Fair value of plan assets at end of year
Less benefit obligations at end of year
Funded status at end of year

Pension Plans

2017

2016

Post-Retirement

Medical Plan

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

$

$

135,508
40,572
4,336
462
(4,881)
(4,034)
13,268
185,231

75,367
14,019
(4,034)
(4,881)
41,181
121,652

$

$

$

$

100,011
36,359
3,096
—
—
(3,449)
(509)
135,508

57,502
3,995
(3,449)
—
17,319
75,367

$

$

$

$

22,740
1,263
688
—
—
(693)
(2,471)
21,527

$

$

— $
—
(693)
—
693
— $

17,729
1,047
528
2,524
—
(575)
1,487
22,740

—
—
(575)
—
575
—

$

121,652
185,231
(63,579) $

$

75,367
135,508
(60,141) $

— $

21,527
(21,527) $

—
22,740
(22,740)

The accumulated benefit obligations for the Company’s Pension Plans exceed the fair value of the assets of those 
plans  at  December 31,  2017  and  2016.  The  accumulated  benefit  obligation  for  the  defined  benefit  plans 
approximated $148,011 and $108,838 at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

F- 57

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Benefit payments, which reflect expected future services, that the Company expects to pay are as follows for the 
years ended December 31:

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Years 2023-2027

$

$

Pension Benefits
9,109
10,878
13,282
16,636
20,080
128,837

Post-Retirement

Medical Plan

1,257
1,512
1,764
1,868
1,867
9,487

The Company’s funding policy for its defined benefit plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding 
requirements, plus any additional amounts that may be appropriate considering the funded status of the plans, tax 
consequences, the cash flow generated by the Company and other factors. The Company plans to contribute 
approximately $34,800 to the Company’s Pension Plans during 2018.

The components of net periodic benefit cost were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015: 

 
 
Components of net period
benefit cost:

Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan
assets
Settlement (gain)/loss
recognized
Amortization of prior
service cost
Amortization of actuarial
loss (gain)

Net periodic benefit cost

Pension Benefits

Post-Retirement

Medical Plan

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

$

$

40,572
4,336

36,359
3,096

$

24,298
2,974

$

$

1,263
688

$

1,047
528

(5,766)

(4,681)

(3,422)

993

53

—

53

—

53

452
40,640

$

1,043
35,870

1,228
25,131

$

$

$

—

—

646

—
2,597

$

—

—

541

—
2,116

$

967
558

—

—

326

—
1,851

Lump sum payments made by the Supplemental Plan to employees retiring in 2017 exceeded the Plan’s total service 
and interest costs expected for 2017. Settlement losses are required to be recorded when lump sum payments exceed 
total service and interest costs. As a result, the 2017 pension expense includes a settlement expense related to our 
cumulative lump sum payments made during the year.

F- 58

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The pre-tax amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

 
 
Prior service costs (credits)
Net actuarial loss (gain)
Amortization of losses and prior
service cost
Total changes in other
comprehensive loss (income)

Pension Benefits

Post-Retirement

Medical Plan

$

2017

462
5,015

$

2016

2015

2017

— $
176

— $

— $

(2,220)

(2,471)

2016
2,524
1,487

$

2015
1,533
312

(1,410)

(1,096)

(1,281)

(646)

(541)

(326)

$

4,067

$

(920) $

(3,501) $

(3,117) $

3,470

$

1,519

The pre-tax amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2017, and 2016 that have not 
yet been recognized as components of net periodic costs were as follows: 

Prior service (costs) credits
Net actuarial (loss) gain
Total

Pension Benefits

2017

(885) $

(22,544)
(23,429) $

2016

(476) $

(18,975)
(19,451) $

$

$

Post-Retirement

Medical Plan

2017

2016

(5,337) $

593

(4,744) $

(5,983)
(1,878)
(7,861)

The following pre-tax amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2017 are 
expected to be recognized as components of net period benefit cost during the year ended December 31, 2018: 

Amortization of prior service (costs) credits
Amortization of net actuarial (loss) gain
Total

Pension Benefits

Post-Retirement

Medical Plan

$

$

(86) $
(285)
(371) $

646
—
646

The weighted average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations as of December 31, 2017, and 2016
were as follows: 

 
 
Discount rate - benefit
obligations
Rate of compensation increase

Qualified Plan

2017

2016

Supplemental Plan
2017
2016

Post-Retirement Medical Plan

2017

2016

3.58%
4.53%

4.07%
4.81%

3.55%
5.00%

4.08%
5.50%

3.33%

—

3.68%

—

The weighted average assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit costs for the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:

F- 59

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Qualified Plan

Supplemental Plan

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

Post-Retirement Medical Plan
2017

2016

2015

Discount rates:
   Effective rate for service cost
   Effective rate for interest cost
   Effective rate for interest on

service cost

Expected long-term rate of return
on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

4.15%
3.38%

4.15%
3.38%

4.25%
3.31%

4.17%
3.20%

4.17%
3.20%

4.30%
3.16%

4.10%
3.11%

4.10%
3.11%

3.59%

3.59%

3.51%

3.63%

3.63%

3.37%

3.84%

3.84%

6.50%
4.81%

7.00%
4.81%

7.00%
4.81%

N/A
5.50%

N/A
5.50%

N/A
5.50%

N/A
N/A

N/A
N/A

The assumed health care cost trend rates as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows: 

 
 
Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year
Rate to which the cost trend rate was assumed to decline (the ultimate
trend rate)
Year that the rate reached the ultimate trend rate

Post-Retirement

Medical Plan

2017

2016

6.0%

4.5%
2038

4.32%
3.09%

4.04%

N/A
N/A

6.1%

4.5%
2038

Assumed health care costs trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for retiree health care plans. 
A one percentage-point change in assumed health care costs trend rates would have the following effects on the 
medical post-retirement benefits: 

Effect on total service and interest cost components
Effect on accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation

1%

Increase

1%

Decrease

$

$

15
307

(14)
(291)

The table below presents the fair values of the assets of the Company’s Qualified Plan as of December 31, 2017 
and 2016 by level of fair value hierarchy. Assets categorized in Level 2 of the hierarchy consist of collective trusts 
and are measured at fair value based on the closing net asset value (“NAV”) as determined by the fund manager 
and reported daily. As noted above, the Company’s post-retirement medical plan is funded on a pay-as-you-go 
basis and has no assets. 

 
 
 
Equities:

Domestic equities
Developed international equities
Emerging market equities
Global low volatility equities

Fixed-income
Cash and cash equivalents
Total

Fair Value Measurements Using

NAV as Practical Expedient

(Level 2)

December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

36,582
17,236
8,474
9,983
45,469
3,908
121,652

$

$

23,451
10,736
5,164
6,360
29,576
80
75,367

The Company’s investment strategy for its Qualified Plan is to achieve a reasonable return on assets that supports 
the plan’s interest credit rating, subject to a moderate level of portfolio risk that provides liquidity. Consistent with 
these financial objectives as of December 31, 2017, the plan’s target allocations for plan assets are 54% invested 

F- 60

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

in equity securities, 40% fixed income investments and 6% in real estate. Equity securities include international 
stocks and a blend of U.S. growth and value stocks of various sizes of capitalization. Fixed income securities 
include bonds and notes issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate bonds, and mortgage-backed 
securities. The aggregate asset allocation is reviewed on an annual basis. 

The overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for the Qualified Plan is based on the Company’s view 
of long-term expectations and asset mix.

18. REVENUES
The following table provides information relating to the Company’s revenues from external customers for each 
product or group of similar products for the periods:

Gasoline and distillates
Feedstocks and other
Asphalt and blackoils
Chemicals
Lubricants
Total Revenues

19. INCOME TAXES 

Year Ended December 31,

2017
18,316,079
1,232,627
1,162,339
770,491
305,101
21,786,637

$

$

2016
14,017,350
388,358
699,966
554,392
260,358
15,920,424

$

$

2015
11,553,716
315,042
536,496
452,304
266,371
13,123,929

$

$

For periods following PBF Energy’s IPO, PBF Energy is required to file federal and applicable state corporate 
income tax returns and recognizes income taxes on its pre-tax income, which to-date has consisted primarily of 
its share of PBF LLC’s pre-tax income (see “Note 14 - Stockholders’ and Members’ Equity Structure”). PBF LLC 
is organized as a limited liability company and PBFX is a master limited partnership, both of which are treated as 
“flow-through” entities for federal income tax purposes and therefore are not subject to income taxes apart from 
the income tax attributable to two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining and one subsidiary of PBF Holding that are 
treated as C-Corporations for income tax purposes. As a result, PBF Energy’s consolidated financial statements 
do  not  reflect  any  benefit  or  provision  for  income  taxes  on  the  pre-tax  income  or  loss  attributable  to  the 
noncontrolling interests in PBF LLC or PBFX apart from the income tax benefit of $7,264 and income tax expense 
of $1,378 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, attributable to those two C-Corporation 
subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining and income tax benefit of $3,520 and $8,412 for the years ended December 31, 
2017 and 2016 attributable to the subsidiary of PBF Holding.

Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the 
TCJA. The TCJA makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing 
the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition 
tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries (the “Transition Tax”); (3) generally eliminating U.S. 
federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable 
income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; (5) eliminating the corporate alternative minimum 
tax (“AMT”) and changing how existing AMT credits can be realized; (6) creating the base erosion anti-abuse tax 
(“BEAT”), a new minimum tax; (7) creating a new limitation on deductible interest expense; and (8) changing 
rules related to uses and limitations of net operating loss carryforwards created in tax years beginning after December 
31, 2017.

F- 61

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (“SAB 118”), which provides guidance on accounting for 
the tax effects of the TCJA. SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from 
the TCJA enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740. In accordance with SAB 118, 
a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of the Act for which the accounting under ASC 740 
is complete. To the extent that a company’s accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA is incomplete 
but it is able to determine a reasonable estimate, it must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. 
If a company cannot determine a provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements, it should continue 
to apply ASC 740 on the basis of the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment 
of the TCJA.

In connection with our initial analysis of the impact of the TCJA, the Company has recorded a net tax expense of 
$20,153 in the year ending December 31, 2017 as further discussed below. It is the Company’s expectation that 
the other legislative areas within TCJA, such as the Transition Tax and BEAT, will not have a material impact on 
the provision for income taxes. 

The Company does not expect the new legislation to have any impact on the need for a valuation allowance.  Given 
the reversing taxable temporary differences and the history of generating book income, no valuation allowances 
have been provided. The Company has estimated and recognized the measurement of the tax effects related to the 
TCJA based on the facts and interpretations of the legislation that currently exist. However, such estimates of the 
tax effects may be subject to change upon future updates to guidance or interpretations issued by the IRS.

The  income  tax  provision  in  the  PBF  Energy  consolidated  financial  statements  of  operations  consists  of  the 
following: 

 
Current expense (benefit):

Federal
Foreign
State

Total current

Deferred expense (benefit):

Federal
Foreign
State
Total deferred

Total provision for income taxes

Year Ended
December 31,

2017

Year Ended
December 31,

2016

Year Ended
December 31,

2015

$

$

$

1,534
75
142
1,751

$

(87,829)
—
(19,279)
(107,108)

 

 

250,042
(3,595)
67,386
313,833
315,584

$

205,502
(8,412)
47,668
244,758
137,650

$

77,954
—
14,378
92,332

(27,046)
28,157
(6,718)
(5,607)
86,725

F- 62

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The difference between the PBF Energy’s effective income tax rate and the United States statutory rate is reconciled 
below:

Provision at Federal statutory rate
Increase (decrease) attributable to flow-through
of certain tax adjustments:

State income taxes (net of federal income
tax)
Nondeductible/nontaxable items
Manufacturer’s benefit deduction
Rate differential from foreign jurisdictions
Provision to return adjustment
Adjustment to deferred tax assets and
liabilities for change in tax rates
Other
Effective tax rate

Year Ended
December 31,

2017

Year Ended
December 31,

2016

Year Ended
December 31,

2015

35.0%

35.0 %

35.0 %

4.6%
0.2%
—%
0.3%
—%

2.8%
0.3%
43.2%

4.6 %
0.1 %
1.9 %
1.5 %
(0.4)%

1.7 %
0.2 %
44.6 %

4.6 %
0.2 %
(2.3)%
(6.3)%
— %

5.1 %
0.9 %
37.2 %

The Company’s effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 including the 
impact of income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $67,914, $54,707 and $49,132 respectively, was 39.5%, 
37.9% and 30.7% respectively. 

The company made a one-time adjustment to deferred tax assets and liabilities in relation to the TCJA. The net 
result of the adjustment was a charge of approximately $20,153, or an increase to the tax rate of 2.8%. Under 
GAAP, the Company is required to recognize the effect of the TCJA in the period of enactment. The net income 
tax expense consists of a net tax expense of $193,499 associated with the remeasurement of Tax Receivable 
Agreement associated deferred tax assets and a net tax benefit of $173,346 for the reduction of our deferred tax 
liabilities as a result of the TCJA.

Adjustments to deferred tax assets and liabilities for changes in tax rates in 2016 and 2015 were a result of changes 
in business mix, including the 2016 acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets in California.

For years starting before January 1, 2018, the Company’s foreign earnings are taxed at a lower income tax rate as 
compared to its domestic operations.  Accordingly, the Company recognized an income tax expense in 2017 as its 
foreign entity’s operations resulted in a loss.

For financial reporting purposes, income (loss) before income taxes attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders 
includes the following components: 

United States
Foreign

Total income before income taxes attributable to PBF
Energy Inc. stockholders

F- 63

Year Ended
December 31,

2017

Year Ended
December 31,

2016

Year Ended
December 31,

2015

$ 749,559
(18,458)

$

343,875
(35,414)

$ 731,101

$

308,461

$

$

170,829
62,297

233,126

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

A summary of the components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities follows: 

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

Deferred tax assets

Purchase interest step-up
Inventory
Pension, employee benefits and compensation
Hedging
Net operating loss carry forwards
Environmental liabilities
Other

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowances

Total deferred tax assets, net

Deferred tax liabilities

Property, plant and equipment
Inventory
Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets

$

$

325,405
—
40,455
24,175
137,887
38,388
3,709
570,019
—
570,019

528,336
21,200
—
549,536
20,483

$

 

$

 

639,340
90,133
42,573
8,696
128,283
73,031
5,859
987,915
—
987,915

628,373
22,269
3,666
654,308
333,607

As of December 31, 2017, PBF Energy has federal and state income tax net operating loss carry forwards of 
$528,241 and $459,228, respectively, which will expire at various dates from 2027 through 2037. The Company 
has not recorded any valuation allowance against these assets, as it is deemed “more likely than not” that the 
deferred tax assets will be realized, based on the Company’s historical earnings, forecasted income, and the reversal 
of temporary differences.

Income tax years that remain subject to examination by material jurisdictions, where an examination has not already 
concluded are all years including and subsequent to:

United States
Federal
New Jersey
Michigan
Delaware
Indiana
Pennsylvania
New York
Louisiana
California

PBF Energy does not have any unrecognized tax benefits.

F- 64

2014
2013
2013
2014
2014
2014
2014
2015
2016

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

20. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company’s operations are organized into two reportable segments, Refining and Logistics. Operations that 
are not included in the Refining and Logistics segments are included in Corporate. Intersegment transactions are 
eliminated in the consolidated financial statements and are included in Eliminations.

Refining 

The Company’s Refining Segment includes the operations of its five refineries, including certain related logistics 
assets that are not owned by PBFX. The Company’s refineries are located in Toledo, Ohio, Delaware City, Delaware, 
Paulsboro,  New  Jersey,  New  Orleans,  Louisiana  and Torrance,  California. The  refineries  produce  unbranded 
transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants and other petroleum products in the United 
States. The Company purchases crude oil, other feedstocks and blending components from various third-party 
suppliers. The Company sells products throughout the Northeast, Midwest, Gulf Coast and West Coast of the 
United States, as well as in other regions of the United States and Canada, and is able to ship products to other 
international destinations. 

Logistics

The Company formed PBFX, a publicly traded master limited partnership, to own or lease, operate, develop and 
acquire crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, storage facilities and similar logistics assets. 
PBFX’s assets primarily consist of rail and truck terminals and unloading racks, tank farms and pipelines that were 
acquired from or contributed by PBF LLC and are located at, or nearby, the Company’s refineries. PBFX provides 
various rail, truck and marine terminaling services, pipeline transportation services and storage services to PBF 
Holding  and/or  its  subsidiaries  and  third  party  customers  through  fee-based  commercial  agreements.  PBFX 
currently does not generate significant third party revenue and intersegment related-party revenues are eliminated 
in consolidation. From a PBF Energy perspective, the Company’s chief operating decision maker evaluates the 
Logistics segment as a whole without regard to any of PBFX’s individual segments.

The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based primarily on income from operations. Income from 
operations includes those revenues and expenses that are directly attributable to management of the respective 
segment.  The  Logistics  segment’s  revenues  include  intersegment  transactions  with  the  Company’s  Refining 
segment at prices the Company believes are substantially equivalent to the prices that could have been negotiated 
with unaffiliated parties with respect to similar services. Activities of the Company’s business that are not included 
in  the  two  operating  segments  are  included  in  Corporate.  Such  activities  consist  primarily  of  corporate  staff 
operations and other items that are not specific to the normal operations of the two operating segments. The 
Company does not allocate non-operating income and expense items, including income taxes, to the individual 
segments. The Refinery segment’s operating subsidiaries and PBFX are primarily pass-through entities with respect 
to income taxes.

Total assets of each segment consist of property, plant and equipment, inventories, cash and cash equivalents, 
accounts receivables and other assets directly associated with the segment’s operations. Corporate assets consist 
primarily of deferred tax assets, property, plant and equipment and other assets not directly related to the Company’s 
refinery and logistic operations.

Disclosures regarding the Company’s reportable segments with reconciliations to consolidated totals for the years 
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are presented below. In connection with the contribution by PBF LLC 
of  the  limited  liability  interests  of  PNGPC  to  PBFX,  the  accompanying  segment  information  has  been 
retrospectively adjusted to include the historical results of PNGPC in the Logistics segment for all periods presented 
prior to such contribution.

F- 65

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Revenues
Depreciation and amortization expense
Income (loss) from operations (1)
Interest expense, net
Capital expenditures (2)

Revenues
Depreciation and amortization expense
Income (loss) from operations (1)
Interest expense, net
Capital expenditures (3)

Revenues
Depreciation and amortization expense
Income (loss) from operations
Interest expense, net
Capital expenditures (4)

Total assets (5)

Total assets (5)

Refining

Logistics

Corporate

Eliminations

Consolidated Total

Year Ended December 31, 2017

$

$

21,772,478
254,161
808,021
4,695
634,013

Refining

15,908,537
201,358
551,810
2,938
1,471,291

254,813
23,831
148,215
33,363
89,539

$

— $

12,964
(211,453)
116,369
3,483

$

(240,654)
—
(14,565)
—
—

21,786,637
290,956
730,218
154,427
727,035

Year Ended December 31, 2016

Logistics

Corporate

 Eliminations

Consolidated Total

187,335
14,983
110,822
30,433
121,351

$

— $

5,835
(158,070)
116,674
20,229

$

(175,448)
—
(5,679)
—
—

15,920,424
222,176
498,883
150,045
1,612,871

Year Ended December 31, 2015

Refining

Logistics

Corporate

 Eliminations

Consolidated Total

$

13,123,929
180,045
442,550
17,061
968,438

142,102
7,684
94,859
21,254
3,503

$

— $

9,688
(177,298)
67,872
9,139

$

(142,102)
—
—
—
—

13,123,929
197,417
360,111
106,187
981,080

Balance at December 31, 2017

Refining

Logistics

Corporate

 Eliminations

Consolidated Total

7,298,049

$

737,550

$

123,211

$

(40,817)

$

8,117,993

Balance at December 31, 2016

Refining

Logistics

Corporate

 Eliminations

Consolidated Total

6,419,950

$

756,861

$

482,979

$

(37,863)

$

7,621,927

$

$

$

$

$

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

The Logistics segment includes 100% of the income from operations of TVPC as TVPC is consolidated by PBFX. PBFX records 
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for the 50% equity interest in TVPC held by PBF Holding. PBF Holding 
(included in the Refining segment) records equity income in investee related to its 50% noncontrolling ownership interest in 
TVPC. For the purposes of the consolidated PBF Energy financial statements, PBF Holding’s equity income in investee and 
PBFX’s net income attributable to noncontrolling interest eliminate in consolidation. As the acquisition of PBFX’s 50% interest 
in TVPC was completed in the third quarter of 2016, there was no impact on comparative 2015 disclosures.

The Logistic segment includes capital expenditures of $10,097 for the acquisition of the Toledo Products Terminal by PBFX 
on April 17, 2017.

The Refining segment includes capital expenditures of $971,932 related to the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related 
logistic assets that was completed in the third quarter of 2016. Additionally, the Refining segment includes capital expenditures 
of $2,659 for the working capital settlement related to the acquisition of the Chalmette refinery that was finalized in the first 
quarter of 2016. The Logistics segment includes $98,373 for the PBFX Plains Asset Purchase that was completed in the second 
quarter of 2016. 

The Refining segment includes capital expenditures of $565,304 for the acquisition of the Chalmette refinery on November 1, 
2015, excluding the working capital settlement of $2,659 that was finalized in the first quarter of 2016.

The Logistics segment includes 100% of the assets of TVPC as TVPC is consolidated by PBFX. PBFX records a noncontrolling 
interest for the 50% equity interest in TVPC held by PBF Holding. PBF Holding (included in the Refining segment) records 
an equity investment in TVPC reflecting its noncontrolling ownership interest. For the purposes of the consolidated PBF Energy 
financial statements, PBFX’s noncontrolling interest in TVPC and PBF Holding’s equity investment in TVPC eliminate in 
consolidation. 

F- 66

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

21. NET INCOME PER SHARE OF PBF ENERGY
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per Class A common share attributable 
to PBF Energy for the periods presented: 

Basic Earnings Per Share:
Allocation of earnings:

Net income attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders
Less: Income allocated to participating securities
Income available to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders - basic

Denominator for basic net income per Class A common share-

weighted average shares

Basic net income attributable to PBF Energy per Class A common

share

Diluted Earnings Per Share:

Numerator:

Income available to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders - basic
Plus: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (1)
Less: Income tax expense on net income attributable to 

noncontrolling interest (1)

$

$

$

$

Numerator for diluted net income per Class A common share - net 

income attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders (1)

$

Denominator (1):
Denominator for basic net income per Class A common share-

weighted average shares
Effect of dilutive securities:
Conversion of PBF LLC Series A Units
Common stock equivalents (2)
Denominator for diluted net income per Class A common share-

adjusted weighted average shares

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

415,517
1,043
414,474

$

$

170,811
—
170,811

$

$

146,401
—
146,401

109,779,407

98,334,302

88,106,999

3.78

$

1.74

$

1.66

$

414,474
16,746

$

170,811
14,903

146,401
14,257

(6,633)

(5,821)

(5,646)

424,587

$

179,893

$

155,012

109,779,407

98,334,302

88,106,999

3,823,783
295,655

4,865,133
407,274

5,530,568
501,283

113,898,845

103,606,709

94,138,850

Diluted net income attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders

per Class A common share

$

3.73

$

1.74

$

1.65

——————————
(1) 

The diluted earnings per share calculation generally assumes the conversion of all outstanding PBF 
LLC Series A Units to Class A common stock of PBF Energy. The net income attributable to PBF 
Energy, used in the numerator of the diluted earnings per share calculation is adjusted to reflect the 
net income, as well as the corresponding income tax (based on a 39.6%, 39.1% and 39.6% statutory 
tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015) attributable to the converted units. 

(2) 

Represents an adjustment to weighted-average diluted shares outstanding to assume the full exchange 
of common stock equivalents, including options and warrants for PBF LLC Series A Units and options 
for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock as calculated under the treasury stock method (to 
the extent the impact of such exchange would not be anti-dilutive). Common stock equivalents exclude 
the effects of options and warrants to purchase 6,820,275, 5,701,750 and 2,943,750 shares of PBF 
Energy Class A common stock because they are anti-dilutive for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively.

F- 67

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

22. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The tables below present information about the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured and recorded 
at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the inputs utilized to determine the fair 
values as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

We have elected to offset the fair value amounts recognized for multiple derivative contracts executed with the 
same counterparty; however, fair value amounts by hierarchy level are presented on a gross basis in the tables 
below. We have posted cash margin with various counterparties to support hedging and trading activities. The cash 
margin posted is required by counterparties as collateral deposits and cannot be offset against the fair value of open 
contracts  except  in  the  event  of  default.  We  have  no  derivative  contracts  that  are  subject  to  master  netting 
arrangements that are reflected gross on the balance sheet.

As of December 31, 2017

Fair Value Hierarchy

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Gross Fair

Value

Effect of
Counter-

party
Netting

Net

Carrying
Value on
Balance
Sheet

Assets:

Liabilities:

Money market funds
Commodity contracts

$

$

4,730
10,031

— $
357

— $
—

4,730
10,388

$

N/A
(10,388)

4,730
—

Commodity contracts
Catalyst lease obligations
Derivatives included with

inventory intermediation
agreement obligations

51,673
—

33,035
59,048

—

7,721

—
—

—

84,708
59,048

(10,388)
—

74,320
59,048

7,721

—

7,721

As of December 31, 2016

Fair Value Hierarchy

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Gross Fair

Value

Effect of
Counter-

party
Netting

Net

Carrying
Value on
Balance
Sheet

Assets:

Liabilities:

Money market funds
Marketable securities
Commodity contracts
Derivatives included with

inventory intermediation
agreement obligations

Commodity contracts
Catalyst lease obligations

$

$

342,837
40,024
948

— $
—
35

— $
—
—

342,837
40,024
983

$

N/A
N/A
(983)

342,837
40,024
—

—

859
—

6,058

3,548
45,969

—

84
—

6,058

—

6,058

4,491
45,969

(983)
—

3,508
45,969

F- 68

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The valuation methods used to measure financial instruments at fair value are as follows:

•  Money market funds categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy are measured at fair value based 

on quoted market prices and included within Cash and cash equivalents.

•  Marketable securities, consisting primarily of US Treasury securities, categorized in Level 1 of the fair 

value hierarchy are measured at fair value based on quoted market prices.

•  The commodity contracts categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy are measured at fair value 
based on quoted prices in an active market. The commodity contracts categorized in Level 2 of the fair 
value hierarchy are measured at fair value using a market approach based upon future commodity prices 
for similar instruments quoted in active markets.  

•  The commodity contracts categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy consist of commodity price 
swap contracts that relate to forecasted purchases of crude oil for which quoted forward market prices 
are not readily available due to market illiquidity. The forward prices used to value these swaps were 
derived using broker quotes, prices from other third party sources and other available market based data. 
•  The  derivatives  included  with  inventory  intermediation  agreement  obligations  and  the  catalyst  lease 
obligations are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and are measured at fair value using a 
market approach based upon commodity prices for similar instruments quoted in active markets.

Non-qualified pension plan assets are measured at fair value using a market approach based on published net asset 
values of mutual funds as a practical expedient. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, $9,593 and $9,440, respectively, 
were included within Deferred charges and other assets, net for these non-qualified pension plan assets. 

The table below summarizes the changes in fair value measurements of commodity contracts categorized in 
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

Balance at beginning of period
Purchases
Settlements
Unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings
Transfers into Level 3
Transfers out of Level 3
Balance at end of period

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

$

(84)
—
45
39
—
—
— $

3,543
—
(1,149)
(2,478)
—
—
(84)

There were no transfers between levels during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

F- 69

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

Fair value of debt
The table below summarizes the fair value and carrying value of debt as of December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Carrying 

December 31, 2017
Fair
 value

$

Senior notes due 2025 (a)
Senior notes due 2023 (a) (d)
Senior secured notes due 2020 (a)
PBFX senior notes (a)
PBFX Term Loan (b)
PBF Rail Term Loan (b)
Catalyst leases (c)
PBFX Revolving Credit Facility (b)
Revolving Loan (b)

value
725,000
500,000
—
528,374
—
28,366
59,048
29,700
350,000
2,220,488

Less - Current debt
Less - Unamortized deferred financing costs
Long-term debt

(10,987) (c)
(34,459)
$ 2,175,042

December 31, 2016

Carrying

 value

Fair 
value

$

— $

$

763,945
522,101
—
544,118
—
28,366
59,048
29,700
350,000
2,297,278
(10,987)
n/a
$ 2,286,291

500,000
670,867
350,000
39,664
35,000
45,969
189,200
350,000
2,180,700
(39,664)
(32,466)
$ 2,108,570

—
498,801
696,098
346,135
39,664
35,000
45,969
189,200
350,000
2,200,867
(39,664)
n/a
$ 2,161,203

(a) The estimated fair value, categorized as a Level 2 measurement, was calculated based on the present value of 
future expected payments utilizing implied current market interest rates based on quoted prices of the Senior Notes, 
Senior Secured Notes and PBFX Senior Notes. 

(b) The estimated fair value approximates carrying value, categorized as a Level 2 measurement, as these borrowings 
bear interest based upon short-term floating market interest rates.

(c) Catalyst leases are valued using a market approach based upon commodity prices for similar instruments quoted 
in active markets and are categorized as a Level 2 measurement. The Company has elected the fair value option 
for accounting for its catalyst lease repurchase obligations as the Company’s liability is directly impacted by the 
change in fair value of the underlying catalyst. On October 5, 2017 Delaware City Refining entered into two 
platinum bridge leases which will expire in 2018. The leases are payable at maturity and will not be renewed. The 
total outstanding balance related to these bridge leases as of December 31, 2017 was $10,987 and is included in 
Current debt on our Consolidated balance sheet. 

(d) As discussed in “Note 9 - Credit Facility and Debt”, these notes became unsecured following the Collateral 
Fall-Away Event on May 30, 2017.

23. DERIVATIVES

The Company uses derivative instruments to mitigate certain exposures to commodity price risk. The Company 
entered  into  the A&R  Intermediation Agreements  that  contain  purchase  obligations  for  certain  volumes  of 
intermediates and refined products. The purchase obligations related to intermediates and refined products under 
these agreements are derivative instruments that have been designated as fair value hedges in order to hedge the 
commodity price volatility of certain refinery inventory. The fair value of these purchase obligation derivatives is 
based  on  market  prices  of  the  underlying  intermediates  and  refined  products. The  level  of  activity  for  these 
derivatives is based on the level of operating inventories.

F- 70

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

As of December 31, 2017, there were 3,000,142 barrels of intermediates and refined products (2,942,348 barrels 
at December 31, 2016) outstanding under these derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges. These 
volumes represent the notional value of the contract. 

The Company also enters into economic hedges primarily consisting of commodity derivative contracts that are 
not designated as hedges and are used to manage price volatility in certain crude oil and feedstock inventories as 
well as crude oil, feedstock, and refined product sales or purchases. The objective in entering into economic hedges 
is consistent with the objectives discussed above for fair value hedges. As of December 31, 2017, there were 
22,348,000 barrels of crude oil and 1,989,000 barrels of refined products (5,950,000 and 2,831,000, respectively, 
as of December 31, 2016), outstanding under short and long term commodity derivative contracts not designated 
as hedges representing the notional value of the contracts. 

The following tables provide information about the fair values of these derivative instruments as of December 31, 
2017 and December 31, 2016 and the line items in the consolidated balance sheet in which the fair values are 
reflected. 

Balance Sheet 

Location

Fair Value

Asset/

(Liability)

Accrued expenses

Accrued expenses

Accrued expenses

Accrued expenses

$

$

$

$

(7,721)

6,058

(74,320)

3,508

Description

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
December 31, 2017:
Derivatives included with the inventory intermediation agreement
obligations
December 31, 2016:
Derivatives included with the inventory intermediation agreement
obligations

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
December 31, 2017:
Commodity contracts
December 31, 2016:
Commodity contracts

F- 71

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE, UNIT, PER SHARE, PER UNIT AND BARREL DATA)

PBF ENERGY INC.

The following table provides information about the gains or losses recognized in income on these derivative 
instruments and the line items in the consolidated statements of operations in which such gains and losses are 
reflected. 

Description

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
For the year ended December 31, 2017:
Derivatives included with the inventory intermediation agreement obligations
For the year ended December 31, 2016:
Derivatives included with the inventory intermediation agreement obligations
For the year ended December 31, 2015
Derivatives included with inventory supply arrangement obligations
Derivatives included with the inventory intermediation agreement obligations

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
For the year ended December 31, 2017:
Commodity contracts
For the year ended December 31, 2016:
Commodity contracts

For the year ended December 31, 2015
Commodity contracts

Hedged items designated in fair value hedges:
For the year ended December 31, 2017:
Intermediate and refined product inventory
For the year ended December 31, 2016:
Intermediate and refined product inventory
For the year ended December 31, 2015
Crude oil and feedstock inventory
Intermediate and refined product inventory

Location of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized in
 Income on Derivatives

Gain or (Loss)
Recognized in
Income on 
Derivatives

Cost of products and other $

(13,779)

Cost of products and other $

(29,453)

Cost of products and other $
Cost of products and other $

(4,251)
(59,323)

Cost of products and other $

(85,443)

Cost of products and other $

(55,557)

Cost of products and other $

32,416

Cost of products and other $

Cost of products and other $

Cost of products and other $
Cost of products and other $

13,779

29,453

4,251
59,323

The Company had no ineffectiveness related to the fair value hedges as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. 

24. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Dividend Declared

On February 15, 2018, the Company announced a dividend of $0.30 per share on outstanding Class A common 
stock. The dividend is payable on March 14, 2018 to Class A common stockholders of record as of February 28, 
2018.

PBFX Distributions

On February 15, 2018, the Board of Directors of PBF GP announced a distribution of $0.4850 per unit on outstanding 
common units of PBFX. The distribution is payable on March 14, 2018 to PBFX unit holders of record as of 
February 28, 2018.

F- 72

PBF ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA

(unaudited, in thousands)

The following table summarizes quarterly financial data for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 

(in thousands, except per share amounts).
 

 
 
Revenues
Income (loss) from operations
Net income (loss)
Net income (loss) attributable to PBF
Energy Inc. stockholders
Earnings (loss) per common share -
assuming dilution
 

 
 
Revenues
Income (loss) from operations
Net income (loss)
Net income (loss) attributable to PBF
Energy Inc. stockholders
Earnings (loss) per common share -
assuming dilution

2017 Quarter Ended

March 31
4,754,473
694
(20,030)

$

June 30
5,017,225
(111,149)
(104,151)

$

September 30
5,478,951
587,157
347,226

$

December 31
6,535,988
253,516
260,386

(31,077)

(109,663)

314,365

241,892

(0.29) $

(1.01) $

2.85

$

2.14

2016 Quarter Ended

March 31
2,800,185
(5,424)
(23,336)

$

June 30
3,858,467
234,770
120,648

$

September 30
4,513,204
129,710
56,444

$

December 31 
4,748,568
139,827
71,762

(29,388)

103,530

42,111

54,558

(0.30) $

1.06

$

0.43

$

0.54

$

$

$

$

During the three months ended December 31, 2017, the Company recorded an adjustment to the lower of cost or 
market which resulted in a net pre-tax income benefit of $197,589 reflecting the change in the lower of cost or 
market inventory reserve from $498,045 at September 30, 2017 to approximately $300,456 at December 31, 2017. 
During the three months ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded an adjustment to the lower of cost or 
market which resulted in a net pre-tax income benefit of $200,515 reflecting the change in the lower of cost or 
market inventory reserve from $796,503 at September 30, 2016 to approximately $595,988 at December 31, 2016. 

F- 73

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly 

caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

SIGNATURES

PBF ENERGY INC.
 
                    (Registrant)
By:

 
 

/s/ Thomas J. Nimbley
(Thomas J. Nimbley)
Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: February 22, 2018 

 

 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

Each of the officers and directors of PBF Energy Inc., whose signature appears below, in so signing, also makes, constitutes 
and appoints each of Erik Young, Matthew Lucey and Trecia Canty, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, 
with full power and substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to execute and cause to be filed with the SEC any and all 
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with exhibits thereto and other documents connected therewith and to perform 
any acts necessary to be done in order to file such documents, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact 
or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 

persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 

Signature

/s/ Thomas J. Nimbley
(Thomas J. Nimbley)

/s/ Erik Young
(Erik Young)

/s/ John Barone
(John Barone)

/s/ Spencer Abraham
(Spencer Abraham)

/s/ Wayne Budd
(Wayne Budd)

/s/ Gene Edwards
(Gene Edwards)

/s/ William Hantke
(William Hantke)

/s/ Edward F. Kosnik
(Edward F. Kosnik)

/s/ Robert J. Lavinia
(Robert J. Lavinia)

/s/ Kimberly Lubel
(Kimberly Lubel)

/s/ George Ogden
(George Ogden)

  

  

  

  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

Title

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board

of Directors (Principal Executive Officer)

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

Chief Accounting Officer

(Principal Accounting Officer)

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Date

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

February 22, 2018

Corporate Information

Corporate Headquarters 
1 Sylvan Way, Second Floor 
Parsippany, New Jersey  07054

Common Stock 
New York Stock Exchange Symbol: PBF

Investor Relations 
Colin Murray 
973-455-7578

Corporate Officers 
Thomas J. Nimbley 
Chief Executive Officer

Matthew C. Lucey 
President

Erik Young  
Chief Financial Officer

PBF Energy Board of Directors 
Thomas J. Nimbley  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Spencer Abraham 
Chairman of Compensation Committee, 
Member of Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committees 

Wayne A. Budd 
Chairman of Nominating and  
Corporate Governance Committee, 
Member of Compensation Committee 

Gene Edwards 
Chairman of Health, Safety and  
Environmental Committee, 
Member of Nominating and  
Corporate Governance Committee, 

William Hantke 
Member of Audit Committee,  
Member of Compensation Committee

Transfer Agent And Registrar 
Questions regarding stock holdings, 
certificate replacement/transfer,  
and address changes should be  
directed to:

American Stock Transfer &  
Trust Company 
Operations Center 

6201 15th Avenue 
Brooklyn, NY 11219 
(800) 937-5449 
www.amstock.com

Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche LLP

Trecia Canty 
General Counsel

Paul Davis 
President, Western Region 

Thomas O’Connor 
Senior Vice President, Commercial

Herman Seedorf 
Senior Vice President of Refining

Edward Kosnick 
Chairman of Audit Committee 

Robert J. Lavinia 
Member of Health, Safety and  
Environmental Committee 

Kimberly Lubel 
Member of Health, Safety and  
Environmental Committee 

George Ogden 
Member of Audit Committee

PBF Logistics Board of Directors 
Thomas J. Nimbley  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Dave Roush 
Chairman of Audit Committee,  
Chaiman of Conflicts 

Bruce Jones 
Member of Audit Committee,  
Member of Conflicts 

Karen Davis 
Member of Audit Committee,  
Member of Conflicts

Michael Gayda 
Director 

Matthew C. Lucey 
Director 

Erik Young 
Director 

PBF Energy Inc.
Corporate Headquarters
1 Sylvan Way, Second Floor
Parsippany, New Jersey  07054

pbfenergy.com

