THE PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT<

ACCELERATION 

As Progressive continues to gain market 
share and grow its customer base, we 
intend to use that momentum to achieve 
our stated vision. Consistent with Newton’s 
first law of motion, that a body in motion 
tends to stay in motion, we intend to har- 
ness that energy to both grow the business 
and strengthen our incredible culture. 
When we create an outstanding work 
environment by living our Core Values, we 
believe that culture extends to how our 
customers perceive us and ultimately how 
long they choose to stay. The acceleration 
of our company growth and the growth  
of our unique culture led us to the theme 
for this year’s report. Artist Heather McGill 
considers her work to be an accelerator 
by which visual patterns are strengthened 
by their evolving and repeated use. Using 
everyday materials, such as colored plastic, 
thread, and lace fabric stencils, McGill 
reveals an extraordinary vocabulary of 
patterns based in ordinary origins. Spiral 
forms, segments, and growth structures 
complement these patterns, reflecting the 
natural language of acceleration. A selec- 
tion of McGill’s work will join Progressive's 
growing collection of contemporary art.

  2  Financial Highlights
  5  Values, Purpose, Vision + Strategy       
 11  Letter to Shareholders      
 23  Objectives + Policies      
 27   Operations Summary  
 37   Financial Review      
 45   Safe Harbor Statement       
 46   Directors + Officers       
 47   Corporate Information     

ABOUT PROGRESSIVE

The Progressive Group of Insurance 
Companies, in business since 1937,  
is one of the country’s largest auto 
insurance groups, the largest seller of 
motorcycle policies, the market leader 
in commercial auto insurance based  
on premiums written and, through 
American Strategic Insurance Corp. 
and subsidiaries (ASI), our majority 
owned subsidiaries, one of the top 20 
homeowners carriers. 

Progressive is committed to becoming consumers’ number one choice and 
destination for auto and other insurance by providing competitive rates and 
innovative products and services that meet customers’ needs throughout  
their lifetimes, including superior online and in-person customer service, and  
best-in-class, 24-hour claims service.

Progressive companies offer consumers choices in how to shop for, buy, and 
manage their insurance policies. Progressive offers personal and commercial auto, 
motorcycle, boat, recreational vehicle and home insurance. We operate our 
Personal and Commercial Lines businesses through more than 35,000 independent 
insurance agencies throughout the U.S. and directly from the Company online,  
by phone, or on mobile devices. Our homeowners business is underwritten by 
select carriers, including ASI, throughout the United States.

FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

         
FOR THE YEAR
 Net premiums written 
   Growth over prior year 
 Net premiums earned 
   Growth over prior year 
 Total revenues 
 Net income attributable to Progressive 
   Per share 
 Underwriting margin 

         
AT YEAR-END
 Common shares outstanding (millions) 
 Book value per share  
 Consolidated shareholders’ equity 
 Market capitalization 
 eturn on average shareholders’ equity 
   Net income attributable to Progressive 
   Comprehensive income attributable to Progressive 
 
 Policies in force (thousands)
 Vehicle businesses:
   Personal Lines
     Agency — auto 
     Direct — auto 
     Special lines 
       Total Personal Lines 
         Growth over prior year 
   Commercial Lines 
         Growth over prior year 
 Property 
         Growth over prior year 
 
 Private passenger auto insurance market 1  
 Market share 2 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013

(billions—except per share amounts)

$ 
 
$ 
 
$ 
$ 
$ 
 

27.1 

16% 
25.7  
14% 
26.8  
1.59  
2.72  
6.6% 

13% 

14% 

22.5 

$  23.4 
 
$ 
 
$ 
$ 
$ 
 

23.4 
1.03 
1.76 
4.9% 

8% 

10% 

19.9 

$  20.6 
 
$ 
 
$  20.9 
1.27 
$ 
2.15 
$ 
 
7.5% 

8% 

8% 

18.4 

18.7 

$ 
 
$ 
 
19.4 
$ 
$ 
1.28 
$  2.15 
 

7.7% 

$ 
 
$ 
 
$ 
$ 
$ 
 

17.3

6%

17.1

7%

18.2
1.17
1.93
6.5%

(billions–except shares outstanding, per share amounts, and policies in force)

2017 

2016 

581.7 
15.96  
9.3  
32.8  

579.9 
 
13.72 
$ 
$ 
8.0 
$  20.6 

17.8% 
21.7% 

 
 

13.2% 
14.9% 

 
$ 
$ 
$ 
 
 
 

 
$ 
$ 
$ 

 
 

2015 

583.6 
12.49 
7.3 
18.6 

2014 

2013

  587.8 
11.79 
$ 
6.9 
$ 
$ 
15.9 

  595.8
$  10.39
6.2
$ 
$ 
16.2

17.2% 
14.2% 

 
 

19.1% 
20.1% 

 
 

17.7%
19.0%

  5,670.7 
  6,039.1 
  4,365.7 
 16,075.5 
 
  646.8 
 
  1,461.7 
 

10% 

6% 

22% 

  5,045.4 
  5,348.3 
  4,263.1 
 14,656.8 
 
  607.9 
 
  1,201.9 
 

6% 

9% 

12% 

  4,737.1 
  4,916.2 
  4,1 1 1 .4 
  13,764.7 
 
 
 
 
 

1,076.5 
NM 

555.8 

4% 

8% 

 4,725.5 
 4,505.5 
 4,030.9 
 13,261.9 
 
 
 
 
 

||||||| 
||||||| 

514.7 

2% 

0% 

  4,841.9
  4,224.2
  3,990.3
 13,056.4   
 
3%
 
 
 
 

|||||||
|||||||

514.6

(1)%

 
 

NA 
NA 

$  206.6 
 

9.4% 

$ 
 

192.8 

9.0% 

$  183.5 
 

8.9% 

$  174.9
 

8.7%

         
STOCK PRICE APPRECIATION 3 
 Progressive 
 S&P 500 

 

 

 

  1-Year 

3-Year 

5-Year

61.6% 
21.9% 

30.8% 
1 1.4% 

25.3%
15.8%

 NM = Not meaningful; Property business written by Progressive prior to April 2015 was negligible.
 NA = Final comparable industry data will not be available until our third quarter report.
1 Represents net premiums written as reported by A.M. Best Company, Inc.
2  Represents Progressive’s private passenger auto business, including motorcycle insurance,  
as a percent of the private passenger auto insurance market.
3Represents average annual compounded rate of increase and assumes dividend reinvestment.

2

VALUES 

Communicating a clear picture of Progressive by stating who we are, why we are 
here, where we are headed, and how we will get there permits all people associated 
with us to understand what we expect of ourselves and each other and how we 
conduct our business.

PURPOSE  VISION  +

Integrity  We revere honesty. We adhere to high ethical standards, provide timely, 
accurate, and complete financial reporting, encourage disclosing bad news, and 
welcome disagreement.

Golden Rule  We respect all people, value the differences among them, and deal 
with them in the way they want to be dealt with. This requires us to know ourselves 
and to try to understand others.

Objectives  We strive to communicate clearly Progressive’s ambitious objectives 
and our people’s personal and team objectives. We evaluate performance against  
all these objectives.

Excellence  We strive constantly to improve in order to meet and exceed the highest 
expectations of our customers, agents, shareholders, and people. We teach and 
encourage our people to improve performance and to reduce the costs of what they 
do for customers. We base their rewards on results and promotion on ability.

Profit  We seek to earn a profit by offering consumers products and services they 
want. Profit is how the free-enterprise system motivates investment and rewards 
companies that consistently create value. 

5

CORE VALUES  >  Who we are

Progressive’s Core Values serve as  
the foundation for our corporate 
culture. They govern our decisions  
and define the manner in which we 
conduct our business and how we 
interact with all interested parties.  
We want them understood and 
embraced by all Progressive people.

 STRATEGY

STRATEGY   >  How we'll get there

Progressive people and culture are 
collectively our most powerful source 
of competitive advantage. We will 
achieve our Vision by: 

-  maintaining a leading brand 

recognized for innovative offerings 
and supported by experiences that 
instill confidence; 

-  offering competitive prices driven  
by industry-leading segmentation, 
claims accuracy, and operational 
efficiency; and, 

-  meeting the broader needs of our 

customers throughout their lifetimes.

PURPOSE   >  Why we're here

True to our name. Progressive.

VISION   >  Where we're headed

Become consumers’ number one  
choice and destination for auto and 
other insurance.

6

LETTER  TO    

When reflecting on the year, as I was composing the year-end evaluations 
for my team, the positive adjectives flowed, but the one that I believe best 
describes this year is “remarkable.” We started the year with a crystal- 
clear plan of both what we wanted to achieve and the pace with which we 
wanted to achieve it knowing that we would have glitches along the way, 
typically coming from mother nature (she did not disappoint). The success 
we have achieved in growth (both written premium and unit) and profit, 
on both a relative and absolute basis, would be a great story on its own 
merit, but that is only one half of the story. 

SHAREHOLDERS

>  Thanks to our recruiting machine and 
leaders across the company, we hired almost 
6,000 external people in 2017 after hiring over 
6,600 new people in 2016. That is a massive 
amount of new people to onboard and train and 
doesn’t consider all the people who are also  
in new leadership roles to support this growth. 
Many companies might implode with this 
growth, but we excelled and are prepared for 
similar increases in 2018. The theme of accel- 
eration for this year’s report seems very fitting 
based on what we have accomplished and  
our plans going forward.

SYNOPSIS OF THE YEAR

Hurricanes Irma and Harvey mark the first 
time in U.S. history that two Atlantic Category 4 
landfalls have occurred in the same year. Even 
with these unprecedented storms in two of our 
biggest states, we ended the year with a 93.4 
combined ratio (CR) while net premiums written 
(NPW) grew 16%. After adding $2.8 billion  

of NPW in 2016, we added an additional $3.8 billion in 2017, which is larger 
than the size of the 11th largest private passenger auto insurance company. 
Once again, we got out ahead of hiring to make sure that we could grow as 
fast as possible at or below a 96 CR and be able to provide the service our 
customers have come to expect. I’ve mentioned in past letters how proud  
I am that nearly every employee helped in some way with the storms, but 
the claims department deserves special thanks for all they accomplished 
for the customers we are privileged to serve.

Often, we are challenged regarding our long-standing goal of making at 
least four cents of underwriting profit while growing as fast as we can. If 
we must choose, profit (one of our five Core Values) comes before growth, 
with the aspiration to always have as much as we can of both in order to 
sustain an enduring business. This objective has been efficacious as our 
business model and, because of that, we do whatever we can, within reason, 
to protect it. In fact, our stated profit objective has been written in some 
form or another in every annual report since Progressive went public in 
1971. That said, we have numerous products, channels, and venues, and  
the 4% underwriting margin goal is for the business in the aggregate. That 
goal permits us to make practical decisions on profitably growing the 
business based on the competitive landscape and allowing for reasonable 
returns for each product. 

We frequently communicate the critical importance of keeping our 
customers, whom we spend so much time and resources to acquire. I’m 
thrilled to say that we have seen a steady increase in trailing 12-month 
auto PLE for some time, and our focus will be to continue to make this  
a central component of our strategy. Our goal, in addition to having 
competitive rates, will be to intently focus on the relationships we have 
with our customers and continue to enhance them. 

To that end, we’ve done extensive research into customer desires. We’ve 
used those insights to form our priorities, and we’ve made considerable 
investments over these past few years. These include several areas within 
our Customer Relationship Management organization, such as service 
design and delivery methods, digital transformation, advanced analytics 
and modeling, artificial intelligence, and machine learning. These invest- 
ments are made with our customers in mind and are designed with the 
intent of allowing them to service their policies when, where, and how they 
choose, and to receive a personalized, relevant experience that gives them  
a reason to continue to choose Progressive as their insurance needs evolve.

On the investment side, our portfolio posted a 5.2% total return for 2017. 
The year was characterized by low volatility with ever rising equity prices. 
Interest rates for short-maturity bonds rose as the Federal Open Market 
Committee followed through on their predicted path of three rate hikes in 
2017, while rates for bonds maturing in ten years or longer fell slightly. 
Strong equity portfolio returns of over 21% contributed almost half of our 
post-tax comprehensive investment income of almost $825 million, despite 
comprising around 12% of our portfolio. Our fixed-income portfolio also 
performed well with a return of 3% for the year. As the yield premium we 
earn for holding bonds other than U.S. treasuries fell during the year, we 
reduced our allocation to almost all non-U.S. treasury sectors. 

Our strong operating growth and maturities from our portfolio gave us 
plenty of new cash to invest during 2017. This created the high-class problem 
of finding investments that meet our criteria for quality and return. We 
will not relax our quality standards to pursue incremental yield. The rapid 
growth of our underwriting business makes our goal of protecting the 
balance sheet paramount. 

In April, we issued $850 million of 30-year debt to “pre-fund” the redemp- 
tion in June of $564 million of our 6.70% fixed-to-floating rate securities 
and to provide a little more capital to fund our profitable growth. We bought 
back enough stock to comply with our policy of neutralizing dilution from 
equity-based compensation in the year of grant, but not much more. The 
first question we ask, when deciding if we should repurchase stock, is if we 
can use our capital efficiently to grow our underwriting business. I’m 
thrilled that last year the answer was unequivocally yes. 

We celebrated our 25th anniversary of Gainshare with a score of 1.79. This 
is the best result since 2004 and the 6th year in a row that the score has 
increased. We declared an annual dividend of $1.1247 per share, based on 
2017 results and the formula that we communicate publicly. 

>  Our commitment to this profitability goal 
continues to move us forward. Based on  
our estimates using statutory data through 
September, we think our private passenger 
auto programs were more profitable than all  
of our major competitors and about 10 points 
more profitable than the industry. We also 
believe we grew our market share by approx   - 
imately half of a point to almost 10% of the 
market. There are occasions where the planets 
(high growth plus profit) align and that 
occurred for us in 2017. 

In Personal Lines, we have created a structure 
that we use to help guide us in acquiring new 
customers, deepening our relationships with 
our current customers, and extending how 
long our customers stay with us based on our 
ability to satisfy them from both a product  
and service perspective. 

Our new auto policy applications increased by 
18% year-over-year and our policies in force 
grew 13%. Our policies in force growth in bundled 
customers (auto plus home, a.k.a. Robinsons) 
was just over 30%. Lastly, retention continues to 
improve with our trailing 12-month policy life 
expectancy (PLE) for total auto up close to 7%, 
with PLE in the Agency channel up about 8%. 

12

 DOWN TO THE DETAILS

After over two decades with a corporate income tax rate of 35%, we head into 2018 with a newly enacted rate 
of 21%. We are excited by the benefits this brings to our net income, as well as to our shareholders through 
adjusted valuations and application of the new tax rate to our variable dividend formula. Our effective 
income tax rate, which historically has been in the 32% to 33% range before tax credits, is expected to be in 
the neighborhood of 20%. We also continue to pay state premium taxes at a rate close to 1.6% of written 
premium, which amounted to more than $400 million for 2017.

We continue to be very pleased with our newest auto product model, and it is performing very well in both 
channels. We continually keep a close eye on rate need and quickly react when needed. The great story on 
the auto side continues to be growth in the Agency channel, which had eluded us for years and now seems to 
be a consistent source of growth. We appreciate the close relationships that we have with our more than 
35,000 independent insurance agencies and look forward to continued growth.

Our Direct business is humming along as well and we are delighted with our growth in new quotes and 
conversion. The prolonged hard market has helped us as shopping continues due to rate increases from our 
competitors. We are well-positioned with our rates and product and our customers are reacting favorably 
to our media messages (more on that later).   

13

>  During 2017, we had persistent 
favorable frequency trends that were 
not anticipated when we priced the 
auto book and this is one of the reasons 
underwriting margins widened. We 
analyze a variety of factors to separate 
out frequency changes specific to our 
book versus underlying macro trends. 
A few unique things we see are a change 
in our customer mix towards lower 
pure premium customers and longer 
trips by Snapshot® customers, who  
we view as representative of our entire 
book. We will continue to dissect  
our data to aid in understanding the 
favorable trend, should it persist.

Our special lines policies in force grew 
at a rate of 2% with growth coming 
primarily from our boat and RV busi- 
nesses, while motorcycle maintained 
its market-leading position. The 
concentration of preferred customers  
in our special lines book of business 
makes it critically important to take 
care of these customers when infre- 
quent losses do happen, and the 2017 
catastrophe season afforded us ample 
opportunity to showcase our claims 
service. These weather losses put some 
pressure on our special lines margins 
during 2017, but we’ve responded and 
adjusted rates accordingly and, as we 
wrapped up 2017, we felt confident about 
our positioning from both a profit and 
growth perspective going into 2018. 

16
14

The special lines markets are an important 
element of our Destination Era strategy,  
and during the year we continued to invest  
to maintain our leadership position through 
deployment of our new product version and  
our policy issuance and maintenance system, 
integration of the special lines products into  
our upcoming Integrated Agency Quoting 
(IAQ) system, and transitioning management 
and expansion of our manufactured home 
product to our Property business. 

Direct premiums written (DPW) in our Property 
business grew 15% to $1.35 billion. This total 
includes around $100 million in flood premium, 
which is 100% ceded to the national flood 
insurance program. DPW in our home, condo, 
renters, and dwelling fire insurance products 
increased 21% to $1.24 billion. New Property 
applications increased 48%, with policies in 
force at year end at almost 1.5 million. The 
Property business unit’s CR was 105.1, which 
included about 6.7 points of amortization 
expenses predominately associated with the 
acquisition of a controlling interest in ARX.

Storm activity was well above previous years  
in 2017. In our auto programs, we price for 
storm losses using a “load” based on average 
storm losses over a reasonable trailing-year 
period, generally in the 5- to 10-year range. 
Storm losses in 2017 exceeded that load substan- 
tially. We have already adjusted pricing to 
address half that gap and plan to take further 
actions to ensure price adequacy as warranted. 

In our Property business, we employ both occurrence-based and aggregate- 
based reinsurance. Hurricane Irma was a large event for ASI with more 
than 28,000 claims reported. Irma losses in excess of $50 million were ceded to 
reinsurers; therefore, Irma contributed only 5.1 points to the 2017 Property 
combined ratio. Losses from Hurricane Harvey were under our reinsurance 
threshold and contributed 1.7 points to the Property results. In addition to 
the hurricanes, 2017 was a very active year for severe thunderstorms, which 
include hail storms, with industry catastrophe losses from severe thunder- 
storms more than 60% above the 20-year average. Losses from severe 
thunderstorms had a far bigger impact on our Property results in 2017 than 
named storms and added 25.6 points to the Property combined ratio for  
the year, which is net of the $5 million recoverable we had under our aggregate 
stop-loss reinsurance agreement. 

While recent storm activity may modestly raise pricing levels in the reinsur- 
ance market, we plan to continue to employ a robust reinsurance program 
for our Property business and we plan to remain diligent in ensuring the costs 
of this program are expeditiously reflected in our pricing. We plan to also 
remain diligent in employing an adequate load component for storm losses 
in our vehicle businesses. These tactics help to ensure that we hit our 96 
combined ratio target and produce attractive returns on our capital, and that 
we do so with modest variation across the year.

Our Commercial Lines profitability and growth continued to outperform  
the industry and we finished the year writing over $3 billion in NPW. We con- 
tinue to closely monitor and react to rate need, especially in states and business 
tiers where we are running close to or above our target profit margins. 

We are acutely aware that this market is very volatile and it can be a challenge 
to profitable growth. We feel great about our ability to deliver nonetheless. As 
we expand our transportation network company business and build knowledge 
in this growing area, we plan to manage our policy portfolio risk and grow 
at a level that doesn’t outstrip our claims or customer service capabilities or 
our ability to understand any mix changes in business we are writing. 

Throughout the past several years, we have clearly outlined our approach 
of how we will accomplish becoming a destination for our insureds and we 
are quite satisfied with our results. Having ASI (which will be transitioned 
to the Progressive brand over the next few years) as our exclusive home- 
owners carrier in our agency channel, and one of a strong stable of carriers 
in our direct channel, has been a key part of attracting customers who 
prefer their needs be met by the same company.

15

I have been with Progressive since 2011 and I just wanted to praise you all.  
A couple years ago I added my girlfriend (now wife) Jenna to my policy so we 
could save money. I bought a house last year and signed up with Progressive  
for home insurance and saved more money. We just had our wedding and 
changed her to my spouse and saved more money again. We bought a car 2 weeks 
ago and it only increased our insurance by $13/month. I never go out of my  
way to praise a company but I’ve been so pleased with Progressive over the 
years I just wanted to say...thank you. Thank you for being there. 

Not only do our customers transition over time, but so does our management 
team. In January 2018, John Auer, President and CEO of ARX Holding 
Corp., announced his retirement, effective April of 2018. At that time, he will 
become the Chairman of ARX. The Progressive and ARX integration has 
gone very smoothly largely due to John’s leadership, vision, and values. 
Dave Pratt, a long-time Progressive leader, will take over the reins at ARX 
with the predominance of John Auer’s team reporting directly to him.  
Dave has been at Progressive for 27 years leading a variety of roles including 
Auto General Manager, Chief Marketing Officer, and most recently 
Usage-Based Insurance leader.  

We are also transitioning some of our claims processing. The Service Center 
has been part of our claims operating model for almost two decades. Over 
that time, we have evolved the model to reflect both internal claims process 
and external environmental changes. As we accelerate into our next claims 
operating model, we believe that moving away from our Service Center 
communities to a Network Shop operation will benefit all of our key constit- 
uents. Our customers, based on us strengthening our relationships with 
our network shops, now rate the Network Shop experience as high as our 
Service Center experience. Allowing our customers to drop off and pick up 
their vehicles at a shop that is likely closer to their home or work will 
improve their overall experience. For our employees, moving to a Network 
operation will provide more certainty around start and finish times, as well 
as provide multiple career opportunities for future growth as our photo 
estimating volume increases. Finally, for our shareholders, this evolution of 
our model is expected to improve our operating efficiency without any loss  
to claims accuracy or customer service.

The biggest development in our Snapshot® program during 2017 was our 
completion of the rollout of the Snapshot mobile app that we introduced in 
late 2016. The app provides consumers with an alternative to the hardware- 
based method of collecting data for the program, simplifying the experience 
for consumers and lowering Progressive’s costs. The Snapshot mobile app  
is now available to Direct and Agency consumers in 42 states and the District 
of Columbia. Results to date have been encouraging, with the availability  
of the mobile app increasing the number of customers choosing to enroll in 
Snapshot and nearly half of those enrolling selecting the mobile app when 
it’s available. Even though much of the deployment happened in the latter 
half of 2017 and volume continues to ramp up, we’ve already collected over 
33 million trips and 300 million miles driven via the mobile app.

>  We are relishing in the momentum of our 
growth in our auto/home bundled customers 
we refer to as Robinsons in both channels. 
During 2017, we grew Robinsons policies in 
force more than twice as fast as our other 
consumer segments creating over 45% more 
bundles in 2017 than in 2016.

The Progressive Advantage Agency’s (our direct 
in-house agency) focus was to continue to 
design sales experiences and build operations 
that support the graduation to Robinsons.  
We grew staff in the agency by 80% to support 
our growth both on the phones and online.  
The growth in staff was a blend of internal and 
external talent as we attracted skill sets from 
the financial and insurance sectors, many with 
property experience. Robinsons policies in 
force growth via the Progressive Advantage 
Agency was just over 80% year-over-year.

We recently received this compliment from  
a customer who we would classify as a Diane 
(think renter who is saving for life events)  
who graduated to a Robinson. Although this  
is only a sample from one customer, we are 
enjoying our journey of being the company 
where customers can have nearly all of their 
insurance needs met. 

16

STRATEGIC PILLARS

Our Strategy focuses on our unique culture, well-known brand, competitive pricing, and our ability  
to meet the broader needs of our customers throughout their lives. We think about this when we design 
our products, services, and marketing messages. 

Culture: With the amount of hiring we have completed in the past few years and more on the way,  
we thought it was time to showcase our company and culture and to show job seekers who we are and 
ask them in a creative way to “Rethink Progressive.” Our culture is something that most people, even 
after a few weeks of being employed here, say they did not expect, so the campaign is aptly named 
“Unexpectedly Progressive.” It is designed to address the common misconceptions of insurance but, 
more specifically, Progressive insurance. It highlights our legacy of blending technology, art, and 
science with our unique culture, and it appeals to people looking for an exciting career in technology 
or quantitative analytics.  

Brand: Celebrating 10 years, Flo and the Superstore continue to be our high-performing, value-driving 
campaign. This anchor program, within our broader content network strategy, grew this year with 
the introduction of fresh story arcs and the addition of a new cast of characters. We also expanded 
message mix beyond price to include protection and problem-resolution propositions to broaden 
brand appeal.

17

From a volume perspective, we had a very strong year in Direct auto. We 
entered our fifth consecutive year of new quote growth. Sales have been 
even stronger. We had 16% growth in new applications in 2017, which was 
also our fifth consecutive year of new application growth. We have strung 
together four years of new app growth a couple times since 2002, but this 
is the first time we have had five years. The five-year compounded average 
growth rate is 11%. Given our strong position in the market and increase 
in media spend, I expect us to deliver a sixth consecutive year of growth 
for both new quotes and applications. 

Competitive Prices: Our focus here has always been on efficiency, claims 
accuracy, and segmentation. Of recent times, we have spoken more  
about segmentation and accuracy, which we believe are strengths of ours, 
so for this communication I’d like to comment more on the importance  
of efficiency. 

We know that price matters and the companies that will win, in the long- 
run, are the ones that have a competitive cost structure, and much of that 
comes from operational efficiency defined as both our general expense 
ratio plus loss adjustment expenses (LAE).

Our expense ratio for our Personal Lines business is now consistently 
below 20 points, which, while not the lowest in the industry by design, is 
quite competitive. Personal auto represents around 90% of that business 
and, for personal auto, advertising and agent commissions (acquisition costs) 
make up more than half of our expense ratio. We are happy to spend more 
on acquisition costs as long as we grow commensurately. We believe that 
driving non-acquisition expenses down, while maintaining high service 
levels, is a strong path to competitive prices. We have taken out more than 
half a point of non-acquisition expenses over the course of the last three 
years and are focused on continuing to reduce these expenses. 

We continue to work on initiatives to reduce adjusting costs per claim and 
the resulting paid LAE ratio. Our objective has always been to focus on 
total costs of indemnity plus LAE, so any efficiency improvements we may 
make relative to claims adjusting must be evaluated against potential 
changes in indemnity accuracy. 

Our strategic claims agenda has long focused on what we refer to as our 
Guiding Principles of Accuracy, Efficiency, Customer Service, and Work 
Environment. We consider all critical to our claims organization, and 
measure the effect of any change to claims operations across all four. New 
initiatives may not move every Guiding Principle in a favorable direction; 
however, appropriately assessing the trade-offs allows the claims organiza- 
tion to make the most effective process improvement investments.  

>  Even with an extremely successful Super- 
store campaign, we continue to diversify our 
creative content. Growing our focus on young 
homeowners, we launched a second round of 
“Parentamorphosis” (how you become your 
parents when you buy your first home) creative 
this year, which continues to be a top performer 
across both mass media and digital channels. 

The success of our homeowner/bundle mes- 
saging continued into 2017. Good progress, that 
we believe will only accelerate, as we continue 
the balance of work in a market designed to 
support both our growing customer base and 
our customers’ desire to stay and grow with us. 

When we dissect the performance of our ads  
in 2017, home messaging continues to outperform 
the other categories in driving new quotes  
for both auto and home. What’s most exciting 
is our diversity of messaging and subsequent 
success. We had four different campaigns and 
messages with all four showing success in  
both home and auto, which confirms that our 
messages and creative are resonating with 
consumers. Given the success of these messages, 
comparing 2017 to 2015 (if you recall we pulled 
back on advertising slightly in 2016), we are 
more than doubling our impressions against 
the homeowner/bundle category. Our increased 
focus on premium programming has helped  
us to get these messages out to more potential 
Progressive Robinsons at costs that still allow 
us to deliver on our target economics.

18

As an example, hiring the amount of people 
that we have in advance of need put pressure 
on the LAE side, but we believe it has had 
favorable results on our Accuracy, Customer 
Service, and Work Environment. We’d take 
that trade-off every day.

That said, we’re excited about the investments 
that we made in 2017 in claims technology and 
process improvements and expect to see the 
positive results of those on the efficiency side 
in the coming years. 

Meeting the broader needs of our customers:  
In July, we announced a new online platform 
called HomeQuote Explorer® (HQX). HQX 
allows homeowners to quickly and easily com- 
pare home insurance quotes from multiple 
carriers to find the best option to protect their 
homes. We leveraged the formula that we  
used two decades ago when we put the power 
of comparison shopping in the hands of auto 
insurance customers.

HQX helped drive online home and condo new 
application growth of 49%. We have enhanced 
the experience in HQX and with it sales yield 
has improved over 50% since we initially rolled 
out the platform. 

We made significant investments to make the 
system simple for customers by pulling in 
publicly available information on a property to 
save the homeowner time, and providing an 
easy-to-use series of prompts to help the user 
enter other required information. 

For the last 10 years, Flo has represented  
the nearly 34,000 employees who serve our 
customers each and every day. In 2017, we were 
able to bring all Flo represents in broadcast 
into the digital world and continue our long 
legacy of innovation by being the first top 10  
U.S. insurance company to allow users to start 
an auto quote via a Flo Chatbot experience  
in Facebook Messenger. We look forward  
to expanding that functionality and founda- 
tion in 2018 as we strive to provide easy and 
innovative experiences for current and 
prospective customers.

19

PURPOSE AND PRIDE

My belief is that when you devise and then pen statements like missions 
and visions they should be something that the entire company can easily 
recall, relate to, and reflect upon as they go about their day-to-day work. 
My senior leadership team and I all agreed that the company’s Core Values, 
Vision, and Strategy met this test and have been effective in guiding the 
company’s performance for many years. However, we felt that something 
else was needed to reflect how the company has evolved in light of our 
Destination Era strategy. We decided that it would be valuable to create  
a pithy statement to reflect our purpose. 

We generated several statements through a series of focus groups and 
ultimately came up with two that we thought reflected why we are here. We 
asked every Progressive and ASI employee to vote and, although it was very 
close, the winner was “True to our name. Progressive.” Many employees 
have told me that they felt that statement was the best choice because it 
accurately reflects what our name stands for —forward motion, accelerated 
movement toward a destination, and striving to do things better. 

This year also marks the 25th anniversary of Gainshare, our annual incentive 
program that is available to all employees and promotes a common culture 
and rewards employees when annual business goals and objectives are 
achieved. Payouts can range from 0 to 2 times a target amount under this 
program. We’ve certainly come a long way from giving each employee a 
crisp $100 bill. I vividly recall the excitement in my small claims branch 
because it was the first time many of us had ever held a hundred-dollar 
bill. I just remember feeling grateful and proud that I worked for a company 
who did that sort of thing for its people. For 2017, employees received 1.79 
times their target payout amount, which for our median employee equated 
to a payout of just over $8,100. That pride continued when we decided in 2007 
to extend Gainshare to our shareholders via our annual variable dividend. 
Aligning the interests of the employees and shareholders, and sharing when 
we make gains, are essential parts of who we are as a company.

In November, we held our fifth annual Keys to Progress® events to publicly 
recognize those who have dedicated their lives to serving our country and 
communities. Together with many of our partners, we donated refurbished 
vehicles to more than 100 recipients—including our 500th car since the 
program’s inception in 2013. This is always a proud day at Progressive and 
one of the many ways we make our new purpose statement come to life.

As we wrap up another year, I want to reiterate one additional time how 
honored I am to work with the almost 34,000 Progressive people who make 
being true to our name something that we will strive to bring to life each day.

Thank you for all that you do.

Tricia Griffith 
President and Chief Executive Officer

WHAT’S ON THE HORIZON(S)

Previously during an investor webcast, I 
shared some detail into our growth horizons 
and how we think about growing the current 
business, mid-term opportunities, and long- 
term investments. The main essence of this 
construct is that we must invest in all three 
horizons to be an enduring company. We accept 
that challenge with excitement and eagerness 
as we seek to be the company with the mantra 
of “always grow” philosophy. That way of 
thinking has been an unremitting part of who 
we are at Progressive. 

As we contemplate the future, knowing that 
there will be considerable changes to our 
industry and other industries adjacent to ours, 
we must think about both expanding our 
addressable market by leveraging our strengths, 
but also by exploring new horizons that we 
haven’t considered in the past.

With that, and to formalize work being done  
in several areas within the company, we have 
assembled an internal Strategy Council. The 
council will work side-by-side with me and 
John Sauerland, our CFO, to assess the changing 
landscape. We have invested, and will continue 
to invest, in whatever we think it will take to 
ensure we have the opportunity to grow prof- 
itably for many decades to come. Much more  
to come on this in the next several years.

20

OBJECTIVES +

Consistent achievement of superior results requires that  
our people understand Progressive’s objectives and their 
specific roles, and that their personal objectives dovetail  
with Progressive’s. Our objectives are ambitious, yet realistic. 
Progressive monitors its financial policies continuously and 
strives to meet these targets annually. Experience always 
clarifies objectives and illuminates better policies. We con- 
stantly evolve as we monitor the execution of our policies  
and progress toward achieving our objectives.

POLICIES

OBJECTIVES 

Profitability  Progressive’s most important goal is for our 
insurance subsidiaries to produce an aggregate calendar  
year underwriting profit of at least 4%. Our business is  
a composite of many product offerings defined in part by 
product type, distribution channel, geography, customer 
tenure, and underwriting grouping. Each of these products 
has targeted operating parameters based on level of maturity, 
underlying cost structures, customer mix, and policy life 
expectancy. Our aggregate goal is the balanced blend of  
these individual performance targets in any calendar year.

Growth  Our goal is to grow as fast as possible, constrained 
only by our profitability objective and our ability to provide 
high-quality customer service. Progressive is a growth- 
oriented company and management incentives are tied to 
profitable growth.

Aggregate expense ratios and growth rates disguise the  
true nature and performance of each business. As such,  
we report Personal Lines, Commercial Lines, and Property 
business results separately. We further break down our 
Personal Lines’ results by channel (Agency and Direct) to 
give shareholders a clearer picture of the business dynamics  
of each distribution method.

FINANCIAL POLICIES

Progressive balances operating risk with risk of investing 
and financing activities in order to have sufficient capital to 
support all the insurance we can profitably underwrite and 
service. Risks arise in all operational and functional areas, 
and, therefore, must be assessed holistically, accounting for 
the offsetting and compounding effects of the separate 
sources of risk within Progressive.

We use risk management tools to quantify the amount of 
capital needed, in addition to surplus, to absorb consequences 
of events such as unfavorable loss reserve development, 
litigation, weather-related catastrophes, and investment- 
market corrections. Our financial policies define our allocation 
of risk and we measure our performance against them. We 
will invest capital in expanding business operations when,  
in our view, future opportunities meet our financial objectives 
and policies. Underleveraged capital will be returned to 
investors. We expect to earn a return on equity greater than 
its cost. Presented is an overview of Progressive’s Operating, 
Investing, and Financing policies.

Operating
Maintain pricing and reserving discipline
-  Manage profitability targets and operational performance 

at our lowest level of product definition

-  Sustain premiums-to-surplus ratios at efficient levels,  

and at or below applicable state regulations, for each 
insurance subsidiary

-  Ensure loss reserves are adequate and develop with 

minimal variance

Investing
Maintain a liquid, diversified, high-quality investment portfolio
-  Manage on a total return basis
-  Manage interest rate, credit, prepayment, extension,  

and concentration risk

-   Allocate portfolio between two groups:
     Group I: Target 0% to 25% (common equities; nonre-

deemable preferred stocks; redeemable preferred stocks, 
except for 50% of investment-grade redeemable  
preferred stocks with cumulative dividends; and all other 
non-investment-grade fixed-maturity securities)

      Group II: Target 75% to 100% (short-term securities  

and all other fixed-maturity securities) 

Financing
Maintain sufficient capital to support insurance operations 
-   Maintain debt below 30% of total capital at book value
-   Neutralize dilution from equity-based compensation in  

the year of issuance through share repurchases

-   Use underleveraged capital to repurchase shares and  

pay dividends (special or variable based on annual 
underwriting results)

23

OBJECTIVES + POLICY SCORECARD

FINANCIAL RESULTS  

 

 Target 

2017 

2016 

2015 

 5 Years 1   10 Years 1

 

 

 
 
 

Underwriting margin  
 
Net premiums written growth 
 
Policies in force growth 
 
 
 
Companywide premiums-to-surplus ratio   
Investment allocation 
 
Debt-to-total capital ratio 
eturn on average shareholders’ equity
 
 

 

- Progressive2 
- Industry3 
- Progressive 
- Industry3 
- Personal auto 
- Special lines 
- Commercial Lines 
- Property 

- Group I 
- Group II 
 

- Net income attributable to Progressive 
- Comprehensive income attributable to Progressive 

4% 
na 
(a) 
na 
(a) 
(a) 
(a) 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
(c) 

<30% 

(d) 
(d) 

6.6% 
||||||| 

16%  

|||||||  

13%  
2%  
6%  
22% 
2.8 
17 %  
83% 
26.3%  

4.9% 
(5.9)% 
14% 
7% 
8% 
4% 
9% 
12% 
2.7 
18% 
82% 
28.3% 

17.8%  
21.7%  

13.2% 
14.9% 

7.5% 
(4.1)% 
10%  
5% 
5%  
2%  
8%  

nm 
2.7 
20%  
80%  
27.1%  

17.2%  
14.2%  

6.6% 
(3.0)% 
1 1% 
5% 
6% 
2% 
4% 

nm 
na 
na 
na 
na 

6.5%
(1.6)%
7%
3%
5%
3%
2%

nm
na
na 
na
na

16.9% 
18.0% 

15.7%
17.2%

(a) Grow as fast as possible, constrained only by our profitability objective and our ability to provide high-quality customer service.

(b) Determined separately for each insurance subsidiary.

(c) Allocate portfolio between two groups:
 

 Group I — Target 0% to 25% (common equities; nonredeemable preferred stocks; redeemable preferred stocks, except for 50% of  
investment-grade redeemable preferred stocks with cumulative dividends; and all other non-investment-grade fixed-maturity securities)

  Group II — Target 75% to 100% (short-term securities and all other fixed-maturity securities)

(d) Progressive does not have a predetermined target for return on average shareholders’ equity.

na = not applicable

nm = not meaningful; Property business written by Progressive prior to April 2015 was negligible.

1 Represents results over the respective time period; growth represents average annual compounded rate of increase (decrease).

2 Expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Underwriting profit is calculated by subtracting losses and loss adjustment expenses,  
policy acquisition costs, and other underwriting expenses from the total of net premiums earned and fees and other revenues.

3  Industry results for 2016 and 2015 represent private passenger auto insurance market data as reported by A.M. Best Company, Inc.  
The industry underwriting margin excludes the effect of policyholder dividends. Final comparable industry data for 2017 will not be  
available until our third quarter report. The 5- and 10-year growth rates are presented on a one-year lag basis for the industry.

ACHIEVEMENTS

We are convinced that the best way  
to maximize shareholder value is to 
achieve these financial objectives and 
policies consistently. A shareholder 
who purchased 100 shares of Progressive 
for $1,800 in our first public stock 
offering on April 15, 1971, would have 
owned 175,573 shares, including dividend 
reinvestment, on December 31, 2017 
with a market value of $9,888,271, for  
a 20.2% compounded annual return, 
compared to the 10.5% return achieved 
by investors in the S&P 500 during  
the same period. 

24

In the ten years since December 31, 2007, Progressive shareholders have realized 
compounded annual returns, including dividend reinvestment, of 14.7%, compared 
to 8.5% for the S&P 500. In the five years since December 31, 2012, Progressive 
shareholders’ returns were 25.3%, compared to 15.8% for the S&P 500. In 2017, the 
returns were 61.6% on Progressive shares and 21.9% for the S&P 500.

We have consistently paid dividends since we went public in 1971. Assuming 
dividends were not reinvested, a shareholder who bought 100 shares at the initial 
public offering would now hold 92,264 shares and would have received cumulative 
dividends of $881,054 including $62,813 in 2017. In addition to paying dividends, 
over the years when we have had adequate capital and believed it to be appropriate, 
we have repurchased our shares. As our Financial Policies state, we will repurchase 
shares to neutralize the dilution from equity-based compensation programs and 
return any underleveraged capital to investors. During 2017, we repurchased 
1,501,853 common shares. The total cost to repurchase these shares was $63 million, 
with an average cost of $41.62 per share. Since 1971, we have spent $9.0 billion 
repurchasing our shares, at an average cost of $7.42 per share.

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

For us, a 96 combined ratio is not a “solve for” 
variable in our business model equation, but 
rather a constant that provides direction to 
each product and marketing decision and a 
cultural tipping point that ensures zero ambig- 
uity as to how to act in certain situations.  
Set at a level we believe creates a fair balance 
between attractive profitability and consumer 
competitiveness, it’s deeply ingrained and 
central to our culture.

With clarity as to our business constant, we  
seek to maximize all other important variables 
and support with appropriate axioms:

Grow as fast as we can subject to our ability  
to provide high-quality service. Our preferred 
measure of growth is in customers, best 
measured by policies in force.

Extend policy life expectancy. Our preference 
is for the flexibility of shorter policy periods, 
highlighting, however, the importance of 
retaining customers at policy renewal. As part 
of our Destination Era strategy, our focus is 
inclusive of all points throughout a customer’s 
tenure and is a never-ending focus, tailored 
for every consumer segment. 

Clarity as to our objectives means other elements 
of the business model must be appropriately 
designed to strongly support, but not necessarily 
amplify, the risk of maximizing all things at  
the same time. Our articulation of our most 
critical investment objective is a good example:

Invest in a manner that does not constrain our 
ability to underwrite all the profitable insurance 
available to us at an efficient premiums-to- 
surplus leverage. We often refer to underwriting 
capacity as the protected asset and for us it  
is a clear determination of where the risk of 
leverage is best allocated.

The importance of net income, earnings per 
share, and return on equity is never lost on us, 
but we view achieving strong, long-term perform- 
ance of these measures as stemming from  
our consistent focus on the primary elements  
of our business model.

25

OPERATIONS    

We write personal and commercial auto insurance, residential property insurance, 
and other specialty property-casualty insurance and provide related services 
throughout the United States. Our Personal Lines segment writes insurance for 
personal autos and recreational vehicles. Our Commercial Lines segment writes 
primarily liability and physical damage insurance for automobiles and trucks owned 
and/or operated predominantly by small businesses. Our Property segment writes 
insurance for single family homes, condominium units, etc. for homeowners,  
other property owners, and renters. We distribute our products through both the 
Agency and Direct channels.

SUMMARY

PERSONAL LINES

Our operating philosophy is to grow as 
fast as possible, subject to the constraints 
of our 96 combined ratio goal and our 
ability to provide excellent customer 
service. While this philosophy is unwaver- 
ing, as we reported last year, market 
conditions and weather volatility can 
result in varied outcomes from year-to- 
year and, in 2017, market conditions 
were very favorable for profitable growth 
of our Personal Lines business. Unlike 
2016 when the combination of lower 
underlying margins and abnormally 
high weather-related losses forced us 
to temporarily pull back on some 
advertising late in the year, our rate 
increases during 2016 positioned us 
well for 2017, where weather started  
off like a lamb and went out like the 
proverbial lion with our two largest 
states getting hit by category 4 hurri- 
canes during the third quarter. 

2017 was an outstanding year for Personal Lines by all key performance indicators. 
Profitable growth (in that order) is our primary performance metric and Personal 
Lines ran at just over a 93 combined ratio and grew premiums written 16% during 
the year. The year-over-year profitability improvement was driven primarily by 
loss ratio improvements, while loss adjustment expenses were flat and our expense 
ratio climbed slightly due primarily to increases in our advertising spend. The loss 
ratio improvement is particularly impressive given we incurred just over $500 million 
in Personal Lines catastrophe losses this year, up nearly 40% over 2016. Our loss 
ratio improvement was driven by the combination of increasing auto rates about 
3%, and benign pure premium trends resulting from our product and underwriting 
models attracting and retaining lower pure premium customers. We aspire to 
provide a rate for every risk, however, we also recognize that there are segments 
within the market who don’t use our products as intended, or for whom our current 
product model doesn’t adequately price, and underwriting these risks out of our 
book enables us to offer more competitive prices for the vast majority of consumers. 
We continued to advance our auto underwriting models and move variables from 
underwriting into rating during 2017. This powerful combination ensures we initially 
block auto risks that we’re unable to accurately price, and follow up by pricing for 
many of these segments in our next product releases. These product and under- 
writing advancements helped us increase new auto policies written 18% during the 
year, increase total Personal Lines policies in force 10%, and add well over a million 
new Personal Lines customers, which contributed to more than $3 billion additional 
premiums written during the year. 

27

A key element of matching rate to risk is our Snapshot® usage-based 
insurance program, and we’ve now collected more than 22 billion miles of 
driving data. Optimizing the presentation of Snapshot to increase participa- 
tion continues. During the year, we expanded the mobile app version of 
Snapshot to 42 states and the District of Columbia and we continue to see 
more and more of our eligible customers opting for the app-based solution 
instead of the traditional hardware-based version. The mobile-app data 
affords us a unique perspective on mobile device usage, vehicle operation, 
and accidents, and work commenced this year to build a mobile-app version 
of our usage-based rating algorithm that includes device usage parameters. 

We’ve consistently invested to ensure consumers can shop for, purchase, 
and own Progressive policies where, when, and how they choose. These 
investments have driven our personal auto premiums written above $20 
billion during 2017 and we’re thrilled to see both our Agency and Direct 
businesses thrive in the highly competitive Personal Lines marketplace. 
Considered separately, our Agency and Direct businesses each would be 
one of the top seven U.S. auto insurance companies. During the year, both 
Agency and Direct Personal Lines grew premiums written 16% at combined 
ratios of 93 and 94, respectively; phenomenal performance given the com- 
petitive nature of the U.S. private passenger auto market.

Our Agency auto business delivered 17% growth in premiums written at  
a 93 combined ratio. New policies written grew more than 20% and policies 
in force increased double digits during the year. Consistent with prior 
periods, we continue to grow our Agency footprint. In 2017, we added more 
than 1,500 new agencies, while simultaneously investing to increase produc- 
tivity from agencies, and cut the time from appointment to first policy 
produced by almost half. Our Agency auto new policy growth was driven 
equally by increases in demand from agents (as indicated by increasing quote 
volume) and better meeting the needs of end consumers (as indicated by 
higher conversion). While quote volumes originating from both our propri- 
etary systems and comparative raters increased, similar to 2016, the 
increases on our proprietary systems were greater, indicating that agents 
are increasingly coming to us first to meet their clients’ needs. Conversion 
was also higher on quotes originating from both systems, although compar- 
ative rater conversion increased significantly faster, another indication  
of our more competitive product offerings. We experienced double-digit 
new application growth across all consumer segments in Agency, with solid 
growth across Sams, Dianes, and Wrights, and our investment in more 
available and competitive bundled auto and home products resulted in 
explosive Robinsons new auto application growth more than five times 
faster than our other segments in the aggregate (albeit still on a smaller 
base). Many of these Robinsons new applications originated from our 
Platinum agents, who more than doubled bundles created during the year. 

>  Consumers rarely switch auto insurance 
companies to pay more for coverage, and that 
recognition drives our relentless focus on 
providing consumers greater value for their 
premium dollar through enhanced segmenta-
tion, claims accuracy, and lower operating 
expenses. During the year, we continued to 
grow premiums faster than our overhead costs, 
successfully reducing our Personal Lines 
non-acquisition expense ratio by 4%. Savings 
messages are pervasive in insurance marketing 
today and we’re pleased to report that new 
customers who saved money by switching to 
Progressive during 2017 saved more money 
doing so than in any previously reported 
period. Competitive rates are a key pillar of  
our strategy and during 2017 we continued to 
advance the science of matching rate to risk. 
At the end of 2017, our latest auto product 
model was available in 36 states, nearly triple 
the number of states we were in the prior  
year, which represented almost 75% of eligible 
households. We closely monitor the perfor-
mance of our new product models and are pleased 
to report that the latest model is delivering 
higher conversion and retention rates at our 
target new and renewal profit margins.

28

We’re thrilled to see our Platinum program 
continue to thrive as evidenced by Platinum 
agents producing four times the monthly bundle 
volume of our non-platinum property agents. 
Our more competitive product offering also 
helped improve retention across all consumer 
segments, which drove up the trailing 12-month 
policy life expectancy more than 7%. New 
application growth, combined with PLE improve- 
ments, grew auto policies in force double digits 
across all consumer segments and the strong 
Robinsons new application growth in 2016 and 
2017 resulted in Robinsons policies in force 
growth that was more than four times faster 
than within our other tiers.  

Our Direct auto business continued its strong 
track record of profitable growth by delivering 
16% premium growth at a 94 combined ratio. 
Premium growth resulted from the combination 
of 13% policies in force growth and average 
premium increases resulting from rate and 
mix changes. Direct auto policies in force growth 
was driven by 16% new application growth and 
a 4% increase in trailing 12-month policy life 
expectancy resulting from higher renewal 
rates and lower mid-term cancellation rates. 
For the full year of 2017, we leveraged enhanced 
segmentation across media channels in order 
to efficiently increase our advertising spend 
more than 30%, which drove up quote volumes, 
while our more competitive product offering 
and process investments to improve our mobile 
device quote experience drove up quote conver- 
sion. Similar to our Agency business, in Direct 
auto we grew new applications double digits 
across all consumer segments and marketing 
investments that targeted auto/home bundlers 
helped us grow Direct auto new Robinsons 
applications more than three times as fast as 
our other segments. During the year, we 
launched our HomeQuote Explorer® (HQX) 
application, bringing a multi-carrier direct-to- 
consumer online property offering to market 
and expanded the offering countrywide. HQX 
enables consumers to quickly and easily quote 
and compare homeowners insurance online 
from Progressive Home (ASI) and other 
carriers. As we increase our penetration of the 
more complex, multi-product customers that 
fuel our Destination Era success, it’s essential 
to continue to expand our portfolio of additional 
protection products and, in 2017, we added 
mobile phone, portable electronics, and home- 
sharing coverages to our Progressive 
Advantage portfolio.

29

>  Our special lines products (e.g., motorcycle, 
boat, recreational vehicle) underperformed 
slightly from a profit perspective during the 
year due to significantly higher weather- 
related losses and expense ratio increases 
resulting from increases in advertising and  
IT costs for the replacement of our policy 
issuance and maintenance system. Loss ratios 
were elevated due primarily to more than  
$100 million in catastrophe losses, including 
those from hurricanes Harvey and Irma as 
they hit our largest and second largest special 
lines states. Our focus on building specialized 
products to meet the needs of special lines 
enthusiasts affords us strong market share 
across these products and, during 2017, we 
grew policies in force by 2% driven by single 
digit new application growth and slight 
increases in policy life expectancy. Special  
lines continues to provide a strategic advantage 
for Progressive as it delivers a substantial 
portion of Personal Lines annual underwriting 
profit while also attracting and retaining a 
large book of preferred customers to whom we 
can cross-market our auto and expanding 
property offerings. 

Through the lens of maximizing growth at or 
below our 96 combined ratio, 2017 was an 
excellent year for Personal Lines as we deliv- 
ered strong double-digit premium growth, 
adding more than $3 billion incremental 
premiums written at profit margins better 
than our targets. Beyond current calendar- 
year performance, we continue to invest to 
ensure we can achieve our vision of becoming 
consumers’ #1 choice and destination for  
auto and other insurance through enhancing 
our strong brand, building and rapidly 
deploying highly competitive products, and 
expanding the breadth and depth of our 
products and services to ensure we can meet 
consumers’ needs throughout their lifetime.   

30

OPERATING RESULTS

PERSONAL LINES 

 Net premiums written (in billions) 
 Net premiums earned (in billions) 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense ratio 
 Underwriting expense ratio 
   Combined ratio 
 Policies in force (in thousands) 

COMMERCIAL LINES

 Net premiums written (in billions) 
 Net premiums earned (in billions) 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense ratio 
 Underwriting expense ratio 
   Combined ratio 
 Policies in force (in thousands) 

PROPERTY

 Net premiums written (in billions) 
 Net premiums earned (in billions) 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense ratio 
 Underwriting expense ratio1 
   Combined ratio1 
 Policies in force (in thousands) 

2017 
22.9 
21.9 
73.6 
19.5 
93.1 
16,075.5 

3.1 
2.8 
70.3 
22.0 
92.3 
646.8 

1 .1  
1.0 
70.8 
34.3 
105.1 
1,461.7 

$ 
$ 
 
 
 
 

$ 
$ 
 
 
 
 

$ 
$ 
 
 
 
 

2016 
19.8 
19.2 
76.1 
19.2 
95.3 
14,656.8 

Change
16%
 
 
14%
  (2.5) pts.
  0.3 pts.
  (2.2) pts.
 
10%

2.6 
2.4 
71.9 
21.7 
93.6 
607.9 

20%
 
 
15%
  (1.6) pts.
  0.3  pts.
  (1.3) pts.
 
6%

0.9 
0.9 
63.2 
33.0 
96.2 
1,201.9 

 
 
 
 
 
 

17%
14%
7.6 pts.
1.3 pts.
8.9 pts.
22%

$ 
$ 
 
 
 
 

$ 
$ 
 
 
 
 

$ 
$ 
 
 
 
 

1 Underwriting expense and combined ratios for 2017 and 2016, include 6.7 points and 7.2 points, respectively, of amortization expenses  
predominately associated with the acquisition of a controlling interest in ARX.

COMMERCIAL LINES

The past was prologue for Commercial Lines  
in 2017, once again delivering strong top-line 
growth and achieving our underwriting  
profit target while confronting a distressed, 
and generally unprofitable, commercial auto 
market. Our ongoing commitment to broad, 
multi-channel distribution and maintaining a 
wide aperture on underwriting can leave us 
exposed to very high new business submission 
rates when parts of the market become destabi- 
lized. That was certainly the case for much  
of 2017 in the transportation, specialty trucking 
and towing market tiers of commercial auto.  
If not properly managed, high rates of new 
business growth can pressure margins, challenge 
our capacity to serve policyholders and agents, 
and leave our pricing exposed to large shifts  
in portfolio composition. Successfully navigating 
this environment through proactive rate 

management, targeted underwriting actions, and new business restric- 
tions, as well as an intensified focus on our large loss claims process, led to  
a remarkable year of growth and profit.

For the second consecutive year, net premiums written increased 20%  
on a year-over-year basis, finishing at a market leading $3.1 billion, an 
incremental gain of just over half a billion dollars. Top-line growth was 
achieved through a combination of policy growth and gains in average 
written premium per policy. 

We entered 2017 with new business restrictions in place for a number of 
trucking and towing risk profiles. This served to slow new business production 
in high growth areas, while allowing us to implement rate and underwrit-
ing adjustments, build staff, and improve process in customer care and 
claims. Once comfortable with the adjusted rates and our assessment of 
future trend in an economy gaining steam, we removed the majority of 
restrictions by the second quarter.  Growth in policies in force built from 
that point forward finishing at +6% for the year. Average written premium 
per policy increased 12%, primarily the result of an aggressive revision 
schedule during the fourth quarter of 2016, with a resumption of truck 
growth and a modest gain in vehicles per policy also contributing.

31

to experience a period of expansion, and the corresponding implications 
for commercial miles driven and accident frequency. We are carefully mon- 
itoring the impact tax reform may have on competitive pricing, especially 
from those competitors that appear to be most driven by return on equity. 
As in years past, we will be proactive in responding to changes in the 
environment and measured in our approach to expanding our auto business 
or introducing product changes.

Looking forward, the success, size, and scale of our Commercial Lines 
business helps fund important investments in the future. We were pleased 
to launch an important new initiative for Commercial Lines in 2017. Our 
SmartHaul usage-based insurance program for Motor Carriers went live 
in 41 states just as the Federal mandate for electronic logging devices 
(ELDs) went into effect in December. SmartHaul allows owner operators 
to earn discounts up to 18% for agreeing to share their ELD-generated 
driving data with us. Having captured and modeled motor carrier driving 
data for several years, we anticipate this being our most significant advance- 
ment in rate segmentation for this important business segment. Early 
market response has been quite encouraging and market demand is expected 
to grow throughout 2018 as stricter enforcement of the ELD law motivates 
device installation and more operators develop verifiable telematics 
driving histories that qualify them for larger discounts. 

Our involvement in, and understanding of, the transportation networking 
company (TNC) space continues to grow. Our insurance relationship  
with Uber Technologies moved beyond the pilot stage in 2017, and we will 
be expanding with them to additional markets in 2018. We expect TNCs  
to have even greater influence on how people choose to get around in the 
years ahead and we are committed to becoming a preferred supplier to 
this industry.

Finally, we ramped up our investment in non-auto small business insurance 
during the year, focusing on product and system development and building 
new digital distribution capability. This effort enjoys broad enterprisewide 
support, including more than 100 individuals dedicated on a full-time basis. 
We already enjoy the trust of more than half a million small business cus- 
tomers, have a widely recognized brand, and strong small business owner 
demand in our agent and direct channels. We greatly anticipate bringing 
more small business insurance products to market for these customers.

We are excited about all that we have on the horizon in Commercial Lines 
and feel that we are well positioned to capitalize on these initiatives while 
continuing to grow our core business.

>  The Commercial Lines combined ratio  
for the year was 92.3, an outstanding result for  
a line of business in which the industry will  
once again produce a substantial underwriting 
loss. We are unwavering in our commitment  
to manage our Commercial Lines business to 
an annual underwriting profit consistent with 
our long-standing target and will continue to 
forgo additional growth opportunities when  
we believe that target cannot be met. Being con- 
sistently profitable from year-to-year enables 
us to invest in new businesses and systems, 
while providing a reliable market to our agents 
and policyholders.

Going back-to-back with two years of excep- 
tional growth and profitability does not leave  
us complacent in the present or fully satisfied 
with our prospects going forward. In fact, it has 
quite the opposite effect. We are mindful of  
the volatility inherent in Commercial Lines, 
particularly as our policy limits profile has 
shifted upward over the last half decade. We 
continue to invest in and grow our commer- 
cial casualty and large loss specialty claims 
units and employ a limited use of excess of loss 
reinsurance to manage this volatility to our 
competitive advantage. We are sensitive  
to changes in the economy, which continues  

32

with policies in force ending the year at 1.5 million. The combination  
of ASI property and Progressive auto insurance in states beyond ASI’s 
original coastal states is producing a continued shift in the state mix  
of our Property business. For 2017, Florida accounted for 14% of new 
homeowners policies and Texas accounted for 16%, with the remaining 
states accounting for the balance. As of year-end 2017, the mix of  
homeowners policies in force is 29% in Florida, 18% in Texas, and 53%  
in other states.

The four key priorities for our Property strategy remain the same as 
reported last year: 1) expanding ASI’s product availability and agent 
distribution in new and recently entered states; 2) increasing the compet- 
itiveness of Progressive auto and ASI home bundles; 3) improving agent  
ease of use for quoting and selling ASI/Progressive policies; and 4) 
expanding our direct property offering through investing resources to 
increase consumer awareness and maximize sales yield. We made 
significant progress against these goals during 2017.

ASI entered three new states in 2017, bringing our total to 41 active  
states and the District of Columbia, representing 96% of the homeowner’s 
insurance market. We added the Progressive renters product to seven  
new states plus D.C. in 2017, bringing the total to 42 jurisdictions that com- 
prise 91% of Progressive’s auto insurance customers. The renters product 
helps us attract and retain future home and auto bundle customers.

Momentum is building in the Platinum agent program. New Property  
homeowners applications from Platinum agents were up about 50% in 
2017, with auto and home bundles from Platinum agents up just over  
100%, albeit from a smaller base.

In August 2017, we announced to our agents that we’ll transition ASI’s 
homeowners insurance product brand to Progressive Home. Feedback from 
agents was positive, indicating that many are already telling their customers 
that ASI is Progressive’s homeowners insurance product. We expect that 
this branding change will make it easier for agents to sell the Progressive 
auto and home bundle. We have already made this branding change in  
our direct quoting applications. We will begin implementing the change 
for our policy management system, policy documents, and customer 
communications during 2018 and 2019.

PROPERTY

Our Property strategy is meant to complement 
our multi-channel auto offerings with leading 
property products in order to increase our 
share of the bundled home and auto market. In 
the agency channel, we offer residential prop- 
erty insurance for homeowners, other property 
owners, and renters through our majority- 
owned insurance company, American Strategic 
Insurance and subsidiaries (ASI). In the direct 
channel, we distribute residential property 
insurance policies written by ASI and other 
non-affiliated carriers directly to consumers 
both online and over the phone.

During 2017, our Property business, which 
includes ASI property insurance and both 
Progressive’s and ASI’s renters insurance, had 
net premiums written of $1.1 billion at a  
105.1 combined ratio, which includes 6.7 points 
of amortization expense on intangible assets. 
New property applications increased 48%,  

34

In the direct channel, we announced a new online quoting platform called HomeQuote Explorer® 
(HQX) in July. Prior to the launch of HQX, ASI quotes were available only to direct consumers who 
quoted over the phone. This new quoting platform allowed us to present ASI quotes, alongside quotes 
from other non-affiliated property carriers, for online shoppers. The addition of internet shoppers 
resulted in significant growth in new ASI direct homeowner sales. We also launched ASI’s direct- 
to-consumer renters quoting and sales application in October 2017. Direct homeowners and renters 
policies accounted for just over 8% of ASI’s new homeowner and renters policy sales in the first 
quarter of 2017, growing to 25% of new sales in the fourth quarter. 

We feel good about our progress in 2017 in expanding the capacity and competitiveness of our 
Property offerings in both the agency and direct channels. We enter 2018 with strong momentum 
and optimism about our ability to attract bundled auto and home customers.

35

FINANCIAL    

BASIS OF PRESENTATION   The accompanying consolidated 
financial statements include the accounts of The Progressive 
Corporation, its subsidiaries, and affiliates. These financial 
statements should be read in conjunction with the complete 
Consolidated Financial Statements, including the complete 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations and Supplemental Information, 
which are included in Progressive’s 2017 Annual Report to 
Shareholders, which is attached as an Appendix to 
Progressive’s 2018 Proxy Statement.

REVIEW

INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Progressive’s management is responsible for establishing  
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial  
reporting. Based on Progressive’s evaluation under the 
framework in Internal Control–Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (COSO), management concluded that 
Progressive’s internal control over financial reporting was 
effective as of December 31, 2017. The complete “Management’s 
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting,” as 
required by Section 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
and applicable SEC regulations, along with the related report 
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, is presented in the 2017 
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is attached as an 
Appendix to Progressive’s 2018 Proxy Statement.

CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATIONS 

Susan Patricia Griffith, President and Chief Executive Officer 
of The Progressive Corporation, and John P. Sauerland,  
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Progressive 
Corporation, have issued the certifications required by 
Sections 302 and 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 
applicable SEC regulations with respect to Progressive’s  
2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the financial 
statements provided in this Report and in the 2017 Annual 
Report to Shareholders, which is attached as an Appendix to 
Progressive’s 2018 Proxy Statement. Among other matters 
required to be included in those certifications, Mrs. Griffith 
and Mr. Sauerland have each certified that, to the best of 
their knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial 
information included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, 
results of operations, and cash flows of Progressive as of, and 
for, the periods presented. See Exhibits 31 and 32 to 
Progressive’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the complete 
Section 302 and 906 Certifications, respectively.

37

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Progressive Corporation:

We have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of 
The Progressive Corporation and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017 and  
2016, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes  
in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period 
ended December 31, 2017 (not presented herein) appearing in the 2017 Annual 
Report to Shareholders of The Progressive Corporation, which is attached as an 
Appendix to The Progressive Corporation’s 2018 Proxy Statement; and have  
issued our report thereon dated February 27, 2018, which included an unqualified 
opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed 
consolidated financial statements is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation 
to the consolidated financial statements from which it has been derived.

Cleveland, Ohio 
February 27, 2018

38

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMFor the years ended December 31, 

REVENUES

 Net premiums earned 
 Investment income 
 Net realized gains (losses) on securities:
   Net impairment losses recognized in earnings 
   Net realized gains (losses) on securities 
 Total net realized gains (losses) on securities 
 Fees and other revenues 
 Service revenues 
 Other gains (losses) 
   Total revenues 

EXPENSES

 

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 Policy acquisition costs 
 Other underwriting expenses 
Investment expenses 
 Service expenses 
 Interest expense 
   Total expenses 

NET INCOME

 Income before income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes 
       Net income 
 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (NCI) 
       Net income attributable to Progressive 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

 Changes in:
   Total net unrealized gains on securities 
   Net unrealized losses on forecasted transactions 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
     Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to NCI 
       Comprehensive income attributable to Progressive 

COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS  
  ATTRIBUTABLE TO PROGRESSIVE
 Average shares outstanding — Basic 
 Net effect of dilutive stock-based compensation 
   Total average equivalent shares — Diluted 
 Basic: Earnings per share 
 Diluted: Earnings per share 

(millions—except per share amounts)

2017 

2016 

2015

$  25,729.9 
 
563.1 

$  22,474.0 
 
478.9 

$  19,899.1
 
454.6

 
(64.5) 
 
114.1 
 
49.6 
 
370.6 
 
126.8 
 
(1.0) 
  26,839.0 

 
(86.8) 
 
137.9 
 
5 1 .1  
 
332.5 
 
103.3 
 
1.6 
  23,441.4 

 
(23.8)
 
136.5
 
112.7
 
302.0
 
86.3
 
(0.9)
  20,853.8 

18,808.0 
 
2,124.9 
 
3,480.7 
 
23.9 
 
109.5 
 
153.1 
 
  24,700.1 

16,879.6 
 
1,863.8 
 
2,972.0 
 
22.4 
 
92.0 
 
140.9 
 
  21,970.7 

 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 
 
 
 
$ 

 
 
 
$ 
$ 

2,138.9 
540.8 
1,598.1 
(5.9) 
1,592.2 

355.4 
(5.4) 
1.1 
351.1 
(2.3) 
1,941.0 

580.8 
4.9 
585.7 
2.74 
2.72 

 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 
 
 
 
$ 

 
 
 
$ 
$ 

1,470.7 
413.5 
1,057.2 
(26.2) 
1,031.0 

130.6 
(1.2) 
0.4 
129.8 
3.2 
1,164.0 

581.7 
3.3 
585.0 
1.77 
1.76 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 
 
 
 
$ 

 
 
 
$ 
$ 

14,342.0

1,651.8  
2,712.1    

22.8 
77.5  

136.0

18,942.2  

1,911.6 
61 1 .1   
1,300.5 
(32.9)
1,267.6

(212.9) 
(9.7)
(1.2)
(223.8) 

1.1
1,044.9

585.5 
3.7 
589.2 
2.16
2.15

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Progressive’s 2017 Annual Report to Shareholders,  
which is attached as an Appendix to Progressive’s 2018 Proxy Statement.

The Progressive Corporation and Subsidiaries

39

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMECONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

For the years ended December 31, 

ASSETS

 

 Investments — Available-for-sale, at fair value:
   Fixed maturities (amortized cost: $20,209.9 and $16,287.1) 
   Equity securities:
 
     Nonredeemable preferred stocks (cost: $698.6 and $734.2) 
 
     Common equities (cost: $1,499.0 and $1,437.5) 
 
   Short-term investments (amortized cost: $2,869.4 and $3,572.9) 
 
     Total investments 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 estricted cash 
 
 
     Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Accrued investment income 
 
 Premiums receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $210.9 and $186.8   
 einsurance recoverables, including $103.3 and $83.8 on paid losses
   and loss adjustment expenses 
 Prepaid reinsurance premiums 
 Deferred acquisition costs 
 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $940.6 and $845.8  
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $175.7 and $109.5 
 Other assets 
          Total assets 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

LIABILITIES

 Unearned premiums 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 
 Net deferred income taxes 
 Dividends payable 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities1 
 Debt2 
       Total liabilities 

REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (NCI) 3 

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 

Common shares, $1.00 par value (authorized 900.0; issued 797.5 including  
  treasury shares of 215.8 and 217.6) 
 Paid-in capital 
 etained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income:
   Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
   Net unrealized losses on forecasted transactions 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
   Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to NCI 
     Total accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to Progressive 
       Total shareholders’ equity 
          Total liabilities, redeemable NCI, and shareholders’ equity 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

1See Note 12–Litigation and Note 13–Commitments and Contingencies for further discussion.
2Consists of both short-term and long-term debt. See Note 4–Debt for further discussion.
3See Note 15–edeemable Noncontrolling Interest for further discussion.
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Progressive’s 2017 Annual Report to Shareholders,  
which is attached as an Appendix to Progressive’s 2018 Proxy Statement.

40

The Progressive Corporation and Subsidiaries

(millions)

2017 

2016

$ 20,201.7 

$  1 6,243.8

803.8 
 
3,399.8 
 
 
2,869.4 
  27,274.7 
265.0 
 
10.3 
 
275.3 
 
119.7 
 
 
5,422.5 

2,273.4 
 
203.3 
 
780.5 
 
1,119.6 
 
452.7 
 
366.6 
 
 
412.9 
$ 38,701.2 

$  8,903.5 
13,086.9 
 
135.0 
 
 
655.1 
2,825.9 
 
 
3,306.3 
  28,912.7 

 

503.7 

581.7 
 
 
1,389.2 
  6,031.7 

853.5
 
2,812.4
 
 
3,572.9
  23,482.6
211.5
 
14.9
 
226.4
 
103.9
 
 
4,509.2

1,884.8
 
170.5
 
651.2
 
1 ,1 7 7.1
 
449.4
 
432.8
 
 
339.6
$  33,427.5

$  7,468.3
1 1,368.0
 
1 1 1 . 3
 
 
395.4
2,495.5
 
 
3,148.2
  24,986.7

 

 
 
 

483.7

579.9
1,303.4
5,140.4

1,295.0 
 
(14.8) 
 
0 
 
2.0 
 
1,282.2 
 
9,284.8 
 
$ 38,701.2 

939.6
 
(9.4)
 
( 1 .1 )
 
4.3
 
933.4
 
7,957.1
 
$ 33,427.5

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

For the years ended December 31, 

COMMON SHARES, $1.00 PAR VALUE

 Balance, Beginning of year 
   Treasury shares purchased 
   Net restricted equity awards issued/vested 
 Balance, End of year 

PAID-IN CAPITAL

 Balance, Beginning of year 
   Tax benefit from vesting of equity-based compensation 
   Treasury shares purchased 
   Net restricted equity awards issued/vested 
   Amortization of equity-based compensation 
   einvested dividends on restricted stock units 
   Adjustment to carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Balance, End of year 

RETAINED EARNINGS

 Balance, Beginning of year 
   Net income attributable to Progressive 
   Treasury shares purchased 
   Cash dividends declared on common shares ($1.1247, $0.6808,  
    and $0.8882 per share) 
   einvested dividends on restricted stock units 
   Other, net 
 Balance, End of year 

 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  ATTRIBUTABLE TO PROGRESSIVE 

 Balance, Beginning of year 
   Attributable to noncontrolling interest 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Balance, End of year 
 Total Shareholders’ Equity 

(millions—except per share amounts)

2017 

2016 

2015

$ 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 

579.9 
(1.5) 
3.3 
581.7 

1,303.4 
0 
(3.4) 
(3.3) 
92.9 
8.0 
(8.4) 
1,389.2 

$ 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 

583.6 
(6.1) 
2.4 
579.9 

1,218.8 
9.2 
(13.4) 
(2.4) 
80.9 
6.1 
4.2 
1,303.4 

$ 
 
 
$ 

$ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 

587.8
(7.3)
3.1
583.6

1,184.3
16.8
(15.2)
(3 .1 )
64.5
5.7
(34.2)
1,218.8

$  5,140.4 
 
1,592.2 
(57.6) 
 

$  4,686.6 
 
1,031.0 
(173.0) 
 

$  4,133.4
 
1,267.6
(186.0)
 

 
(654.2) 
 
(8.0) 
 
18.9 
$  6,031.7 

 
(394.7) 
 
(6.1) 
 
(3.4) 
$  5,140.4 

(520.5)
(5.7)
(2.2) 

 
 
 
$  4,686.6

933.4 
$ 
(2.3) 
 
351.1 
 
$ 
1,282.2 
$  9,284.8 

$ 
800.4 
3.2 
 
129.8 
 
$ 
933.4 
$  7,957.1 

1,023.1
$ 
1.1
 
(223.8)
 
$ 
800.4
$  7,289.4

There are 20.0 million Serial Preferred Shares authorized; no such shares are issued or outstanding.
There are 5.0 million Voting Preference Shares authorized; no such shares have been issued.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Progressive’s 2017 Annual Report to Shareholders,  
which is attached as an Appendix to Progressive’s 2018 Proxy Statement.

The Progressive Corporation and Subsidiaries

43

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the years ended December 31, 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
   Depreciation 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
   Net amortization of fixed-income securities 
   Amortization of equity-based compensation 
   Net realized (gains) losses on securities 
   Net (gains) losses on disposition of property and equipment 
   Other (gains) losses 
   Net loss on exchange transaction 
   Changes in:
     Premiums receivable 
     einsurance recoverables 
     Prepaid reinsurance premiums 
     Deferred acquisition costs 
     Income taxes 
     Unearned premiums 
     Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 
     Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 
     Other, net 
       Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

   Purchases:
     Fixed maturities 
     Equity securities 
 Sales:
     Fixed maturities 
     Equity securities 
 Maturities, paydowns, calls, and other:
     Fixed maturities 
     Equity securities 
 Net sales (purchases) of short-term investments 
 Net unsettled security transactions 
 Purchases of property and equipment 
 Sales of property and equipment 
 Acquisition of an insurance company, net of cash acquired 
 Net cash disposed in exchange transaction 1 
 Acquisition of AX Holding Corp., net of cash acquired 
 Acquisition of additional shares of AX Holding Corp. 
       Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

 Proceeds from exercise of equity options 
 Net proceeds from debt issuance 
 Payment of debt 
 edemption/reacquisition of subordinated debt 
 Dividends paid to shareholders 
 Acquisition of treasury shares for restricted stock tax liabilities 
 Acquisition of treasury shares acquired in open market 
 Tax benefit from vesting of equity-based compensation 
     Net cash used in financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 Increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash — Beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash — End of year 

(millions)

2017 

2016 

2015

$ 

1,598.1 

$ 

1,057.2 

$ 

1,300.5

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

169.9 
66.2 
86.2 
95.4 
(49.6) 
7.2 
1.0 
0 

(913.2) 
(388.6) 
(32.8) 
(129.3) 
(172.6) 
1,434.9 
1,718.8 
400.0 
(134.8) 
3,756.8 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

137.4 
62.1 
77.2 
85.2 
(51.1) 
6.6 
(1.6) 
4.5 

(518.5) 
(388.2) 
48.8 
(103.8) 
(55.7) 
830.7 
1,323.2 
308.9 
(90.2) 
2,732.7 

  (14,587.8) 
 
(255.6) 

  (11,610.6) 
 
(434.2) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

103.7
46.8 
98.4 
66.2 
(1 12.7)
2.0 
0.9 
0

(421.1)
(202.6)
32.5
(42.3)
(107.2) 
632.4 
917.7 
37.9
(60.2)
2,292.9 

(9,311.1)
(647.1)

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 

5,382.5 
252.9 

 
 

5,694.9 
484.6 

  4,913.5 
402.4 
 

5,215.8 
50.0 
727.6 
(33.6) 
(155.7) 
15.3 
(18.1) 
0 
0 
0 
(3,406.7) 

  4,907.4 
0 
 
(1,357.2) 
 
50.9 
 
 
(215.0) 
6.2 
 
0  
 
(7.7) 
 
0 
 
 
0 
  (2,480.7) 

0.5 
841.1 
(49.0) 
(635.6) 
(395.4) 
(57.6) 
(4.9) 
0 
(300.9) 
(0.3) 
48.9 
226.4 
275.3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 

0 
495.6 
(25.5) 
(18.2) 
(519.0) 
(25.1) 
(167.4) 
9.2 
(250.4) 
0.4 
2.0 
224.4 
226.4 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$ 

3,579.5 
12.0 
20.5
(8.2) 
(130.7)
10.6 
0
0
(752.7)
(12.6)
(1,923.9)

0.2
382.0 
(20.4)
(19.3)
(403.6)
(30.6)
(177.9)
16.8 
(252.8)
(0.2)
116.0
108.4
224.4

1 See Note 1–eporting and Accounting Policies for further information.
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Progressive’s 2017 Annual Report to Shareholders,  
which is attached as an Appendix to Progressive’s 2018 Proxy Statement.

44

The Progressive Corporation and Subsidiaries

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE 
SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995: 

>  Investors are cautioned that certain statements in this 
report not based upon historical fact are forward-looking 
statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. These statements often use words such 
as “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” and other 
words and terms of similar meaning, or are tied to future 
periods, in connection with a discussion of future operating 
or financial performance. Forward-looking statements are 
based on current expectations and projections about future 
events, and are subject to certain risks, assumptions and 
uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to 
differ materially from those discussed herein. These risks 
and uncertainties include, without limitation, uncertainties 
related to estimates, assumptions, and projections generally; 
inflation and changes in general economic conditions (in- 
cluding changes in interest rates and financial markets); the 
possible failure of one or more governmental, corporate, or 
other entities to make scheduled debt payments or satisfy 
other obligations; our ability to access capital markets and 
financing arrangements when needed to support growth or 
other capital needs, and the favorable evaluations by credit 
and other rating agencies on which this access depends;  
the potential or actual downgrading by one or more rating 
agencies of our securities or governmental, corporate, or 
other securities we hold; the financial condition of, and other 
issues relating to the strength of and liquidity available  
to, issuers of securities held in our investment portfolios  
and other companies with which we have ongoing business 
relationships, including reinsurers and other counter- 
parties to certain financial transactions or under certain 
government programs; the accuracy and adequacy of our 
pricing, loss reserving, and claims methodologies; the 
competitiveness of our pricing and the effectiveness of our 
initiatives to attract and retain more customers; initiatives 
by competitors and the effectiveness of our response; our 
ability to obtain regulatory approval for the introduction  
of products to new jurisdictions, for requested rate changes 
and the timing thereof and for any proposed acquisitions; 

the effectiveness of our brand strategy and advertising 
campaigns relative to those of competitors; legislative and 
regulatory developments at the state and federal levels, 
including, but not limited to, matters relating to vehicle and 
homeowners insurance, health care reform and tax law 
changes; the outcome of disputes relating to intellectual 
property rights; the outcome of litigation or governmental 
investigations that may be pending or filed against us; 
severe weather conditions and other catastrophe events;  
the effectiveness of our reinsurance programs; changes in 
vehicle usage and driving patterns, which may be influenced 
by oil and gas prices; changes in residential occupancy 
patterns and the effects of the emerging “sharing economy”; 
advancements in vehicle or home technology or safety 
features, such as accident and loss prevention technologies or 
the development of autonomous or partially autonomous 
vehicles; our ability to accurately recognize and appropriately 
respond in a timely manner to changes in loss frequency  
and severity trends; technological advances; acts of war and 
terrorist activities; our ability to maintain the uninterrupted 
operation of our facilities, systems (including information 
technology systems), and business functions, and safeguard 
personal and sensitive information in our possession, whether 
from cyber-attacks, other technology events or other means; 
our continued access to and functionality of third-party 
systems that are critical to our business; our continued ability 
to access cash accounts and/or convert securities into cash 
on favorable terms when we desire to do so; restrictions on 
our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends to The Progressive 
Corporation; possible impairment of our goodwill or intangible 
assets if future results do not adequately support either, or 
both, of these items; court decisions, new theories of insurer 
liability or interpretations of insurance policy provisions and 
other trends in litigation; changes in health care and auto 
and property repair costs; and other matters described from 
time to time in our releases and publications, and in our 
periodic reports and other documents filed with the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, 
investors should be aware that generally accepted accounting 
principles prescribe when a company may reserve for 
particular risks, including litigation exposures. Accordingly, 
results for a given reporting period could be significantly 
affected if and when a reserve is established for one or more 
contingencies. Also, our regular reserve reviews may result 
in adjustments of varying magnitude as additional information 
regarding claims activity becomes known. Reported results, 
therefore, may be volatile in certain accounting periods.

45

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Directors
Philip Bleser 3, 6 
Retired Chairman of Global  
Corporate Banking,  
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. 
(financial services)

Stuart B. Burgdoerfer 1, 6 
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer, 
L Brands, Inc. 
(retailing)

Charles A. Davis 4, 5, 6 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Stone Point Capital LLC 
(private equity investing)

Roger N. Farah 3, 5, 6 
Former Executive Director, 
Tory Burch LLC 
(retailing)

Lawton W. Fitt 2, 4, 5, 6 
Lead Independent Director, 
Retired Partner, 
Goldman Sachs Group 
(financial services)

Susan Patricia Griffith 2 
President and  
Chief Executive Officer, 
The Progressive Corporation

Corporate Officers
Susan Patricia Griffith 
President and  
Chief Executive Officer

John P. Sauerland 
Vice President and  
Chief Financial Officer

Daniel P. Mascaro 
Vice President, Secretary, 
and Chief Legal Officer

Jeffrey W. Basch 
Vice President and  
Chief Accounting Officer

Patrick S. Brennan 
Treasurer

Mariann Wojtkun Marshall 
Assistant Secretary

Glenn M. Renwick 
Chairman of the Board 
(non-executive) 

Jeffrey D. Kelly 1, 6 
Retired Chief Operating Officer  
and Chief Financial Officer, 
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. 
(reinsurance services) 

Patrick H. Nettles, Ph.D.1, 6 
Executive Chairman, 
Ciena Corporation 
(telecommunications)

*Glenn M. Renwick 2, 4 
Chairman of the Board,  
The Progressive Corporation

*Bradley T. Sheares, Ph.D.3, 6 
Former Chief Executive Officer, 
Reliant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
(pharmaceuticals)

Barbara R. Snyder 1, 6 
President, 
Case Western Reserve University 
(higher education)

1 Audit Committee Member
2 Executive Committee Member
3 Compensation Committee Member
4  Investment and Capital Committee Member
5  Nominating and Governance Committee Member
6 Independent Director

*In May 2018, Glenn M. Renwick and Bradley T. Sheares will retire from the Board.  Mr. Renwick has served on the Board for over 18 years and has been Chairman since 
November 2013.  Dr. Sheares has been a member of the Board for 14 years.  Progressive would like to thank both Mr. Renwick and Dr. Sheares for their dedicated service 
and the many contributions they made during their tenure on the Board.  It is expected that a new Chairman will be appointed at that time.

24-HOUR INSURANCE QUOTES, CLAIMS REPORTING, AND CUSTOMER SERVICE 
 

 
 

To Receive a Quote 
 

To Report a Claim 
 

Personal Autos, Motorcycles,  
and Recreational Vehicles 

Commercial Autos/Trucks

1-800-PROGRESSIVE (1-800-776-4737) 
progressive.com 

1-888-806-9598 
progressivecommercial.com

1-800-PROGRESSIVE (1-800-776-4737) 
progressive.com 1 

1-800-PROGRESSIVE 
(1-800-776-4737)

For Customer Service 
If you bought your policy through  
an independent agent or broker 

1-800-925-2886  
(1-800-300-3693 in California) 
progressiveagent.com 

If you bought your policy directly 
through Progressive online or by phone 

1-800-PROGRESSIVE (1-800-776-4737) 
progressive.com 

1-800-444-4487 
progressivecommercial.com

1-800-895-2886 
progressivecommercial.com

Homeowners 
To receive a quote, report a claim, or speak to a customer service representative, please call 1-800-PROGRESSIVE  
or visit progressive.com and your inquiry will be routed to the appropriate contact center.

  In addition, iPhone® and Android® users can download the Progressive App to start a quote, report a claim, or service a policy.

  1 Claims reporting via the website is currently only available for personal auto policies. 

46

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Principal Office  
The Progressive Corporation 
6300 Wilson Mills Road  
Mayfield Village, Ohio 44143
440-461-5000
progressive.com

Annual Meeting  
The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held at the 
offices of The Progressive Corporation, Studio 96, 6671 Beta 
Drive, Mayfield Village, Ohio 44143 on May 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
eastern time. There were 2,082 shareholders of record on 
December 31, 2017.

Shareholder/Investor Relations  
Progressive does not maintain a mailing list for distrib- 
ution of shareholders’ reports. To view Progressive’s publicly  
filed documents, shareholders can access our website: 
progressive.com/sec. To view our earnings and other 
releases, access: progressive.com/investors.

For financial-related information or to request copies of 
Progressive’s publicly filed documents free of charge, write 
to: The Progressive Corporation, Investor Relations, 6300 
Wilson Mills Road, Box W33, Mayfield Village, Ohio 44143, 
email: investor_relations@progressive.com, or call: 
440-395-2222.

For all other company information, call: 440-461-5000 or 
access our website at: progressive.com/contactus.

Transfer Agent and Registrar
Registered Shareholders: If you have questions or changes 
to your account and your Progressive shares are registered 
in your name, write to: American Stock Transfer & Trust 
Company, Attn: Operations Center, 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, 
NY 11219; phone: 1-866-709-7695; email: info@astfinancial.com; 
or visit their website at: astfinancial.com.

Beneficial Shareholders: If your Progressive shares are held 
in a brokerage or other financial institution account, contact 
your broker or financial institution directly regarding questions 
or changes to your account.

Online Annual Report and Proxy Statement  
Our 2017 Annual Report to Shareholders can be found at: 
progressive.com/annualreport.

Our 2018 Proxy Statement and 2017 Annual Report to 
Shareholders, in a PDF format, can be found at:  
progressiveproxy.com.

Common Shares and Dividends  
The Progressive Corporation’s common shares are traded  
on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol PGR). Progressive 
currently has an annual variable dividend policy. We expect 
the Board to declare the next annual variable dividend, 
subject to policy limitations, in December 2018, with a record 
date in early 2019 and payment shortly thereafter. A 
complete description of our annual variable dividend policy 
can be found at: progressive.com/dividend.

 

 
QUARTER 

2017
  1 
  2 
  3 
  4 
 
 

2016
  1 
  2 
  3 
  4 
 
 

Stock Price 

 

Low 

High 

 
 
Close 

Rate 
of  
Return 

Dividends   
Declared 
per Share

$  40.74 
45.03 
 
49.01 
 
 
57.18 
$  57.18 

$  35.23 
38.61 
 
43.59 
 
 
47.89 
$  35.23 

$  39.18 
44.09 
 
48.42 
 
 
56.32 
$  56.32 

$  35.27 
35.54 
 
 
34.29 
 
35.95 
$  35.95 

$  29.32 
31 .14 
 
 
30.54 
 
30.66 
$  29.32 

$  35.14 
33.50 
 
 
31.50 
 
35.50 
$  35.50 

 
 
 
 
61.6% 

 
 
 
 
14.7% 

0
$ 
0
 
0
 
 
1.1247
$  1.1247

0
$ 
0
 
0
 
  0.6808
$  0.6808

47

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Contact Non-Management Directors  
Interested parties have the ability to contact the  
non-management directors as a group by sending a written 
communication clearly addressed to the non-management 
directors to either of the following:
Lawton W. Fitt, Lead Independent Director, The Progressive 
Corporation, email: lead_director@progressive.com; or

Daniel P. Mascaro, Secretary, The Progressive Corporation, 
6300 Wilson Mills Road, Mayfield Village, Ohio 44143 or 
email: secretary@progressive.com.

The recipient will forward communications so received to  
the non-management directors.

Corporate Governance  
Progressive’s Corporate Governance Guidelines and  
Board Committee Charters are available at:  
progressive.com/governance.

Counsel  Baker & Hostetler LLP, Cleveland, Ohio

Charitable Contributions
We contribute annually to: (i) The Insurance Institute for 
Highway Safety to further its work in reducing the human 
trauma and economic costs of auto accidents; and (ii) The 
Progressive Insurance Foundation, which provides matching 
funds to eligible 501(c)(3) charitable organizations to which 
Progressive employees contribute. Over the last five years, 
the matching funds provided to The Progressive Insurance 
Foundation averaged approximately $4 million per year.

Social Responsibility  
Progressive uses an interactive online format to communicate 
our social responsibility efforts. This report can be found at: 
progressive.com/socialresponsibility.

Accounting Complaint Procedure
Any employee or other interested party with a complaint  
or concern regarding accounting, internal accounting 
controls, or auditing matters relating to Progressive  
may report such complaint or concern directly to the  
Chairman of the Audit Committee, as follows: Patrick H. 
Nettles, Ph.D., Chairman of the Audit Committee,  
patrick_nettles@progressive.com.

Any such complaint or concern also may be reported 
anonymously over the following toll-free Alert Line: 
1-800-683-3604 or online at: www.progressivealertline.com. 
Progressive will not retaliate against any individual by 
reason of his or her having made such a complaint or 
reported such a concern in good faith. View the complete 
procedures at: progressive.com/governance.

Whistleblower Protections  
Progressive will not retaliate against any officer or employee 
of Progressive because of any lawful act done by the officer  
or employee to provide information or otherwise assist in 
investigations regarding conduct that the officer or employee 
reasonably believes to be a violation of federal securities laws 
or of any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. View the complete Whistleblower Protections  
at: progressive.com/governance.

Artwork  Heather McGill ©2017
Design  Nesnadny + Schwartz
Photography  Design Photography, Inc. and Timothy Thayer
Printing  AGS Custom Graphics 
©2018 The Progressive Corporation

48

Acid-Free, recycled, and  
recyclable papers were 
employed throughout 
this publication.

®

6300 WILSON MILLS ROAD, MAYFIELD VILLAGE, OHIO 44143    440.461.5000    PROGRESSIVE.COM

