ENGINEERING A SAFER WORLD

2017 Annual Report

ENGINEERING  
A SAFER WORLD

We live in a connected world. Cyber links our businesses together, makes 
our supply chain more efficient, drives the performance of our products, and 
underpins all of our capabilities. But even as the Internet of Things expands 
cyber’s reach, it opens doors for cyber attacks that can threaten business 
operations, compromise personal security and put global security at risk.

Raytheon works at the forefront of cybersecurity. We build cyber protection 
into our products. We help governments and commercial enterprises secure 
their information and assets. And the new cyber technologies and services  
we develop help us engineer a safer world.

Learn more at http://www.raytheon.com/cyber
Learn more at http://www.raytheon.com/cyber

RAYTHEON | 2017 ANNUAL REPORT

1

2017 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS1

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
In millions, except per share amounts

Backlog

Net sales

Operating income

Diluted EPS from continuing operations

Operating cash flow from continuing operations

Dividends declared per share

2015

 $33,839

 23,321

 3,067

 6.87

 2,346

 2.68

2016

 $36,709

 24,124

 3,295

 7.55

 2,852

 2.93

2017

 $38,210

 25,348

 3,318

 6.94

 2,747

 3.19

$38.2B

IN TOTAL BACKLOG

$8.1B

RECORD INTERNATIONAL SALES

$4.3B

RECORD CLASSIFIED SALES

$3.19

DIVIDENDS PER SHARE IN 2017

In billions, except per share amounts

NET SALES

OPERATING INCOME

EPS FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS

DIVIDENDS DECLARED 
PER SHARE

$25.3

$3.3

$6.94

$3.19

’13

’14

’15

’16

’17

’13

’14

’15

’16

’17

’13

’14

’15

’16

’17

’13

’14

’15

’16

’17

1   Amounts prior to 2015 do not reflect the impact of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014–09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), in the first quarter of 2017.  

See “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of our 2017 Form 10-K for additional information.

Thomas A. Kennedy 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

FOUR-PILLAR 
GROWTH STRATEGY

 “OUR GLOBAL  

GROWTH STRATEGY  

IS DELIVERING  
 RECORD RESULTS.”

 Build

 Extend

 Focus

 Engage

upon our areas of 
strength within our key 
mission areas

Raytheon cyber  
solutions beyond the  
U.S. government

additional resources on 
emerging opportunities 
within the Department  
of Defense market

key countries as 
individual markets with 
multiple customers

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

3

DEAR FELLOW  
SHAREHOLDERS,

At the beginning of 2017, I told the 
Raytheon team that the year ahead would be 
a defining one for the company. A dynamic 
geopolitical environment, increased threats 
to world peace and the accelerating pace of 
technological change were just some of the 
challenges we recognized.

$25.3B

NET SALES IN 2017

I’m pleased to report that our global team met those 
challenges, and delivered a great year of performance, 
exceeding expectations and positioning the company for  
future success.

In its fourth year, our global growth strategy again delivered 
results for our shareholders and customers. Raytheon set 
a company record in 2017 with $25.3 billion in net sales, 
representing a 5.1 percent year-over-year growth rate driven 
by record international and classified sales. Full-year 2017 
earnings per share from continuing operations exceeded 
expectations at $6.94, after a $0.59 unfavorable provisional 
tax-related impact due to the enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts 
and Jobs Act of 2017; and we had strong operating cash flow 
from continuing operations of $2.7 billion, after making a 
$1.0 billion pretax discretionary pension contribution. 

Additionally, the stage was set for continued growth, with strong 
full-year bookings of $27.7 billion, which drove a 4.1 percent 
increase in total backlog to $38.2 billion at the end of 2017. 

Strategic Capital Deployment

Our strong balance sheet provides us financial flexibility for 
the future. We remain focused on deploying capital in ways 
that create value for Raytheon shareholders and customers, 
including internal investments to support our growth, a 
sustainable and competitive dividend, reduced share count, 
targeted acquisitions and discretionary pension contributions. 

To this end, Raytheon in 2017 increased its dividend for the 
13th consecutive year and made a $1.0 billion discretionary 
pension contribution. We repurchased 4.9 million shares of 
common stock for $800 million, and in November, our board 
of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 
$2.0 billion of the company’s outstanding stock. In addition, 
our commercial cybersecurity company Forcepoint® made two 
strategic acquisitions to strengthen its cybersecurity portfolio: 
RedOwl® and Skyfence®, which specialize in advanced user 
behavior analytics and cloud security, respectively.

4

RAYTHEON | 2017 ANNUAL REPORT

VISION

One global team 
creating trusted, 
innovative solutions 
to make the world a 
safer place.
safer place.

OUR DIVIDEND  

PER SHARE  

INCREASED FOR  

THE 13TH 

CONSECUTIVE  
YEAR TO $3.19.

Continued market confidence in our strategy lifted Raytheon’s stock price to a series of 
new all-time highs in 2017, with total shareholder return outperforming the S&P 500 
for the seventh consecutive year. 

Broad-Based Global Demand

Raytheon’s strong 2017 performance was driven by broad-based demand for our 
advanced capabilities from our customers in the U.S., as well as from across Europe, 
Asia Pacific and the Middle East. 

Our differentiated international strategy continues to yield results: international sales 
grew in 2017 by 6.2 percent to a record of more than $8 billion for the full year, or 
32 percent of our total sales. Year-over-year international sales have now increased for 
14 consecutive years.

To further strengthen our relationships with two key Middle East customers, Raytheon 
in 2017 announced agreements to form two new landed companies; one in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the other in the United Arab Emirates. These wholly 
owned subsidiaries will support the economic goals of our customers as well as 
Raytheon’s global growth by providing world-class defense and cyber capabilities in 
those countries.

Domestically, we saw an acceleration of growth in 2017, enabled by our record 
classified sales. The U.S. Department of Defense’s new National Defense Strategy 
calls for change at a significant scale to contend with high-end threats. The strategy’s 
priorities align well with Raytheon’s current capabilities, investments and growth 
strategy, and we look forward to helping sharpen the U.S. military’s competitive edge.

Advanced Capabilities for a Dynamic Environment

Looking to 2018 and beyond, we see continued growth and strong demand signals 
for our advanced capabilities in three key areas: counter-insurgency/counter-terrorism, 
deterrence, and response to peer-nation threats. 

Our precision weapons and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance assets are 
needed for counter-insurgency/counter-terrorism. Our deterrence capabilities, like our 
proven missile defense and radar systems, are being sought by nations concerned 
with protecting their sovereignty. For instance, we have seen deterrence demand grow 
in Europe, where nations such as Sweden, Romania and Poland are looking to our 
Patriot Air and Missile Defense system to deter threats from taking action. Finally, we 
are developing advanced technologies to help the U.S. maintain its operational and 
technical dominance over peer nations, including next-generation solutions such as 
the Long Range Standoff weapon, the Long Range Precision Fires missile, high-energy 
lasers and hypersonics.

RAYTHEON | 2017 ANNUAL REPORT

5

 “Raytheon’s advanced technologies  
help the U.S. maintain operational  
and technical dominance.”

Trusted, Innovative Solutions

For 95 years, Raytheon has been known as a technology and innovation leader. 
The dynamic environment in which we operate makes our strong Raytheon  
vision and values more important than ever. They are vital guideposts for 
everything we do. 

That starts at the top, with strong engagement by Raytheon’s board of directors, 
which ensures the company appropriately manages risks and operates in a 
responsible manner consistent with its values. The board also continues to 
champion an approach to corporate responsibility that aligns with our business 
strategy. That is why we are leading the way in embracing sustainable design, 
fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace, encouraging the next generation of 
engineers and scientists, and providing our world-class employees with career 
training and development opportunities. So it is not by accident that Raytheon 
was named the most community-minded company in the U.S. Industrials Sector 
in Points of Light’s 2017 Civic 50 ranking of superior corporate citizenship.  
And this year Raytheon moved into the top 25 of Newsweek’s Green Rankings®  
of U.S. companies.

Well Positioned for the Future

In summary, 2017 was another great year for Raytheon. And as we look 
ahead, the demand signals we see in our growth areas, combined with the 
implementation of tax reform in the U.S., are making Raytheon more competitive 
globally and creating a positive environment for continued business growth.

I want to thank all the members of the Raytheon team worldwide for all they do 
to contribute to our success and our strong position. They keep raising the bar on 
our performance, and they are passionate about engineering a safer world with 
the innovative solutions we provide for our customers.

Respectfully,

Thomas A. Kennedy 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
April 2018

VALUES

Trust
We take pride in our ethical culture, 
are honest, and do the right thing.

Respect
We are inclusive, embrace diverse 
perspectives and value the role we 
all play in our shared vision.

Collaboration
We fuel more powerful ideas, 
deeper relationships and greater 
opportunities to achieve shared 
objectives together.

Innovation
We challenge the status quo and 
act with speed and agility to drive 
global growth.

Accountability
We honor our commitments, 
anticipate the needs of our 
customers, serve our communities 
and support each other.

6

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

CYBER

Raytheon builds the most advanced 
cyber defenses into operational systems 
to safeguard what matters most. From 
hardening systems against intruders to 
protecting critical infrastructure and data, 
we combat cyber threats to ensure critical 
missions continue. In 2017 we won a 
new single award indefinite delivery/
indefinite quantity contract valued over 
$1 billion with the Department of 
Homeland Security to provide full lifecycle 
development and sustainment support for 
a cyber infrastructure protecting more than 
100 federal departments and agencies. For 

Raytheon Cyber Security Operations Center

the Department of Defense, we’re developing 
its critical, modernized GPS ground stations 
with our pathfinding cybersecurity solutions. 
In the process, we’re helping define the 
Department’s future cyber hardening 
requirements. Raytheon is also investing 
in technologies that can help companies in 
the commercial sector defend against 
sophisticated threats. This includes working 
with the Defense Advanced Research 
Projects Agency to create self-healing 
systems, using the power of quantum physics 
for encryption, and standing up virtual 
security operations centers.

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

MISSILE DEFENSE

Nations around the world rely on Raytheon's 
proven interceptors, radars and space 
sensors to protect against ballistic and 
cruise missiles, aircraft, and other threats. 
In 2017, we successfully completed the 
last of three flight tests of the new SM-6® 
Block IA missile, before commencing at-sea 
testing. This final land-based test confirmed 
its improved capabilities and integration 
with the U.S. Navy’s Aegis Weapon System, 
firmly positioning SM-6 as the multi-role 
missile of choice. The SM-3® Block IIA 
interceptor also made progress toward 
deployment in Poland. This interceptor 
features a kinetic warhead with enhanced 
search, discrimination, acquisition and 

Raytheon’s Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle

7

tracking functions that can engage more 
sophisticated threats and protect larger 
regions from short- to intermediate-range 
ballistic missiles. The SM-3 IIA development 
program with Japan represents a shining 
example of international cooperation. We 
also began low-rate initial production on 
the U.S. Navy’s new SPY-6(V) air and missile 
defense radar. It provides Navy destroyers 
with greater detection ranges, increased 
discrimination accuracy, higher reliability and 
sustainability, and lower total ownership 
cost. We won a new $1.06 billion contract 
with the U.S. Air Force for the State of Qatar 
for an early warning radar system that 
reinforces an integrated missile defense 

system that already includes Patriot systems 
and an Air Defense Operation Center. During 
testing, our enhanced Exoatmospheric Kill 
Vehicle (pictured) successfully intercepted 
an incoming intercontinental ballistic missile 
in space by using tracking and targeting 
data from sea- and space-based sensors, 
identifying the threat and destroying it using 
“hit-to-kill” technology. Raytheon also 
advanced development of EKV’s successor, 
the Redesigned Kill Vehicle. Additionally, 
Raytheon and its partners successfully 
demonstrated the new SkyHunter® system 
for defeating short-range threats facing the 
U.S. Army and its allies.

8

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

COMMAND, CONTROL AND SECURE COMMUNICATIONS

Raytheon’s integrated command and control 
solutions enable military decision makers to 
collect timely, critical information in a cyber-
secure, common-computing environment. 
In 2017 we won a contract to help the U.S. 
Air Force enhance multi-domain operations. 
We’re using commercial agile and DevOps 
solutions to develop software that will 
sustain, modernize and improve air and 
space command and control operations 
without interrupting critical missions. 
We delivered the GPS Next Generation 
Operational Control System’s launch and 
checkout system, which keeps the U.S. 
Air Force on track for the first-ever GPS 
III satellite launch in 2018. Post-delivery, 

the program completed Factory Mission 
Readiness Testing, which validated the 
command and control interactions between 
the satellite and GPS OCX from simulated 
launch through early orbit. Raytheon also 
upgraded the next-generation Common 
Ground System (pictured) for the Joint 
Polar Satellite System in time to support 
NASA’s launch of the National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration’s most recent 
polar satellite, which also includes Raytheon’s 
Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer 
Suite. JPSS CGS 2.0 delivers observations 
almost 50 percent faster than before and 
can handle even more data from the full 
constellation of satellites. We also won 

a contract to continue our management 
of the National Weather Service’s 
Advanced Weather Interactive Processing 
System. Raytheon’s protected strategic 
communication solutions allow U.S. leaders 
to accurately and safely convey orders and 
intent before, during and after a crisis. 
Our Advanced Extremely High Frequency 
product line and Family of Advanced Beyond 
Line-of-Sight Terminal program deliver 
protected communications for strategic 
assets in contested environments. We are 
also developing methods to enable these 
technologies to become applicable forces at 
the tactical edge, defeating efforts to disrupt 
or deny secure satellite communications.

Joint Polar Satellite System Common Ground System 

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

9

PRECISION WEAPONS

Raytheon’s advanced seeker technology, 
laser guidance and digital signal processing 
deliver unprecedented accuracy to U.S. 
and allied warfighters around the globe. 
Raytheon continues to be the only 
company to successfully lead integration 
for five weapons systems on the Joint Strike 
Fighter, adding precision and firepower 
to the fifth generation platform. In 2017, 
the U.S. Air Force awarded Raytheon 
$634 million to continue producing 

Small Diameter Bomb II

Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missiles 
in a contract that includes foreign military 
sales. We also won contracts to produce the 
Enhanced Paveway™ II laser-guided bomb, 
and to produce the Small Diameter Bomb II 
(pictured). SDB II™ is a gliding precision 
weapon with a unique tri-mode seeker 
that uses millimeter wave radar, uncooled 
imaging infrared guidance and semi-active 
laser guidance to find its targets. The  
U.S. Navy awarded Raytheon a contract  

to modernize the GPS-guided Tomahawk™ 
Cruise Missile that can conduct precise 
strikes in heavily defended airspace on high-
value moving targets 1,000 miles away with 
minimal collateral damage. The United Arab 
Emirates Navy purchased Rolling Airframe 
Missiles to protect its Baynunah-class 
ships. Additionally, Raytheon’s Excalibur® 
precision-guided projectile continued  
to set the industry standard for supporting 
deployed ground troops.

10

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

SENSORS AND IMAGING

Raytheon makes the invisible visible through 
industry-leading radar and sensor systems. 
Our technologies enable naval destroyers 
to increase detection ranges and accuracy, 
allow meteorologists to observe weather 
phenomena in unprecedented detail 
with VIIRS, and support precise military 
operations with lasers and sensors. Our 
active electronically scanned array radars 
and integrated air and missile defense 
technologies (pictured) continue to add  
new awareness capabilities for U.S.  
and coalition forces. Fighters like the F-15® 
and F/A-18 will remain ahead of enemy 
airborne threats because of advancements 
in radar processing power and capability 
enhancements. We’re also expanding  
our intelligence, surveillance and 
reconnaissance portfolio with DAS-4, a 
Multi-Spectral Targeting System™ that 
includes high-definition cameras, an 
enhanced laser designator/rangefinder, 
an upgraded laser spot tracker and next-
generation Target Location Accuracy 
onboard the unmanned MQ-9 Reaper®.

The Patriot AESA GaN Radar

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

11

TRAINING SOLUTIONS AND MISSION SUPPORT

Readiness requires innovative, cutting-edge 
training that challenges leaders and their 
people. Raytheon’s training and mission 
support solutions help military, government 
and commercial enterprises turn their teams 
into experts. Our programs incorporate live, 
virtual, constructive and augmented reality 
training platforms to connect individuals, 
organizations and training sites worldwide. 
We develop innovative, large-scale project 

management information platforms 
(InSITE™ and PAX™) that bring powerful 
efficiencies to programs and perform 
industry-leading work in adaptive learning. 
In 2017 Raytheon was awarded a contract 
to support the Army’s Software Engineering 
Directorate to sustain and modernize missile 
defense and other strategic systems while 
leveraging our software development best 
practices and expertise in cyber resiliency.

Soldiers in the field use optical and thermal devices

12

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

ELECTRONIC WARFARE

A leader in Electronic Warfare for more than  
50 years, Raytheon is at the forefront of 
developing next-generation capabilities that  
will enable our customers’ success in a 
dynamic and uncertain threat environment, 
including the Next Generation Jammer 
Mid-band for the U.S. Navy’s EA-18G® 
GROWLER ®. This advanced electronic attack  
technology combines high-powered,  
agile beam-jamming techniques with 
cutting-edge, solid-state electronics —  
making it easily adaptable to changing 

threat environments. Additionally, we  
built advanced cyber planning and 
management capabilities into the EW 
Planning and Management Tool, the  
U.S. Army program of record since 2014. 
EWPMT gives EW officers complete  
control of the decision-making process as  
they survey the electromagnetic spectrum 
battlefield. We also rapidly prototyped  
Raven Claw for the U.S. Army, a fully  
capable portable and stand-alone system  
built on foundational elements of EWPMT.

Next Generation Jammer Mid-band for the U.S. Navy’s EA-18G GROWLER

RAYTHEON  |  2017 ANNUAL REPORT

13

INNOVATION

Raytheon’s world-renowned technologists 
and scientists conduct research that aligns 
with national defense strategies, opens  
new futuristic frontiers and directly impacts 
our customers’ most sensitive missions.  
At our immersive design center and other 
labs, researchers access leading-edge 
resources and use innovative processes that 
shorten cycle times and drive down costs. 
Our research activities in such emerging 
areas as data analytics, hypersonics, 
machine learning, nanotechnology, 
quantum mechanics, and sensor systems 
also serve as major growth platforms  

Artist’s rendering of a hypersonic missile

for Raytheon. To improve the speed and 
power of computers used in intelligence 
analytics, we’re testing quantum processing 
technologies that may hold the keys to 
advanced encryption technologies, artificial 
intelligence and machine learning, and 
more accurate radars. As the market leader 
in radar systems, we’re also pioneering 
such new technologies as AESA for U.S. 
Navy destroyers and an operating system to 
support a constellation of high-performance 
weather satellites. To meet growing  
demand for deterrence, we’re pioneering 
semi-autonomous warfare technologies  

that bring together warfighters, computers 
and robots to speed decision-making  
and targeting. And to maintain operational 
supremacy, we’re defining the future  
of precision weapons by rapidly moving our 
high energy laser weapon systems from 
the lab to the field to give our troops a 
dominant battlefield advantage to counter 
against unmanned aerial vehicles. We’re  
also engineering the next-generation 
nuclear-capable cruise missile, known as  
the Long Range Standoff weapon or  
LRSO, and hypersonic weapons that can  
travel at speeds greater than Mach 5.

2017 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 _________________________________________________________________________

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017               or
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from                      to                     

 Commission File Number 1-13699

_________________________________________________________________________

RAYTHEON COMPANY

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

_________________________________________________________________________

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

Delaware

95-1778500

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

 870 Winter Street, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

 (781) 522-3000

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

New York Stock Exchange

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

_________________________________________________________________________

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  

Yes 

  No 

Yes 

  No 

  No 

  No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required 
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, 
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this 
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such 
files).  Yes 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) 
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information 
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or 
a  smaller  reporting  company.  See  the  definitions  of  “large  accelerated  filer,”  “accelerated  filer”  and  “smaller  reporting 
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

        Accelerated filer 

Large accelerated filer 
Emerging growth company 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition 
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the 
Exchange Act.  

        Smaller reporting company 

        Non-accelerated filer 

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  Registrant  is  a  shell  company  (as  defined  in  Rule  12b-2  of  the  Exchange 

Act).  Yes 

  No 

approximately $46.8 billion.

The  aggregate  market  value  of  the  voting  stock  held  by  non-affiliates  of  the  Registrant  as  of  June 30,  2017,  was 

The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 12, 2018 was 288,506,000.

Documents incorporated by reference and made a part of this Form 10-K:

Portions of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by 

reference in Part III of this Form 10-K.

INDEX
 

PART I
 
Item 1.
Business......................................................................................................................................................
Item 1A. Risk Factors................................................................................................................................................
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments ......................................................................................................................
Item 2.
Properties....................................................................................................................................................
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings ......................................................................................................................................
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures.............................................................................................................................
 
Executive Officers of the Registrant ..........................................................................................................

 

1
12
21
21
22
23
23

PART II
Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities ....................................................................................................................................................
Item 6.
Selected Financial Data..............................................................................................................................
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.....................
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ...................................................................
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..........................................................................................
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure ....................
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.............................................................................................................................
Item 9B. Other Information.......................................................................................................................................

PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.........................................................................
Item 11.
Executive Compensation............................................................................................................................
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters..
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence...........................................
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services.....................................................................................................

25
27
28
72
74
133
133
133

133
134
134
134
134

PART IV
Item 15.
Item 16.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules..............................................................................................
Form 10-K Summary .................................................................................................................................

135
139

SIGNATURES.............................................................................................................................................................

140

PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 
General
Raytheon Company, together with its subsidiaries, is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense and other 
government markets throughout the world. The terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “Raytheon” and the “Company” mean Raytheon 
Company  and  its  subsidiaries,  unless  the  context  indicates  another  meaning. We  develop  technologically  advanced  and 
integrated products, services and solutions in our core markets: integrated air and missile defense; electronic warfare; command, 
control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; space systems; effects; and cyber. 
We serve both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of 
defense and related programs for government customers.

We were founded in 1922 and have grown internally and through a number of acquisitions. We are incorporated in the state 
of Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 870 Winter Street, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451.

In this section, we describe our business, including our business segments, product lines, customers, operations and other 
considerations.

Integrated Defense Systems;
Intelligence, Information and Services;

Business Segments
We operate in five business segments:
– 
– 
–  Missile Systems;
–  Space and Airborne Systems; and
–  Forcepoint.

The following is a description of each of our business segments. As part of the description, we include a discussion of some 
of the segment’s notable initiatives and achievements in 2017, such as certain key contract awards, new product introductions 
and acquisitions. For a discussion of the financial performance of our business segments and other financial information, see 
“Segment Results” within Item 7 of this Form 10-K.

Integrated Defense Systems (IDS)—IDS, headquartered in Tewksbury, Massachusetts, is a leader in integrated air and missile 
defense; large land- and sea-based radar solutions; command, control, communications, computers, cyber and intelligence 
solutions; and naval combat and ship electronic and sensing systems. IDS delivers combat-proven performance against the 
complete spectrum of airborne and ballistic missile threats and is a world leader in the technology, development, and production 
of sensors and mission systems. IDS provides solutions to the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and the U.S. Intelligence 
Community, as well as more than 50 international customers which represent approximately half of IDS’s business. 

In 2017, IDS booked a number of awards to provide advanced Patriot® Air and Missile Defense (A&MD) systems for the 
U.S. Army and other international customers. IDS also received a contract to provide an early warning radar (EWR) to reinforce 
Qatar’s missile defense architecture. The U.S. Navy awarded IDS options to produce the first three low-rate initial production 
Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) units for the DDG-51 class of warships and selected IDS to provide the new Variable 
Depth  Sonar  for  the  Littoral  Combat  Ship  class.  IDS  won  a  competitive  award  for  the  engineering  and  manufacturing 
development of the U.S. Air Force’s next generation ground-based radar, the Three-Dimensional Expeditionary Long-Range 
Radar (3DELRR) system. IDS also received continued awards for missile defense radar sustainment for the Missile Defense 
Agency (MDA).

IDS has the following principal product lines:

Mission Systems and Sensors (MSS)—MSS provides integrated whole-life air and missile defense systems. MSS produces 
systems and solutions, including EWR, the Army Navy/Transportable Radar Surveillance-Model 2 (AN/TPY-2), 3DELRR, 
and other land-based surveillance and search radars, which provide threat detection, precision tracking, discrimination and 
classification of ballistic missile threats. In addition, MSS provides command, control, communications, computers, cyber 
and intelligence solutions through the development, delivery and support of complex integrated, networked, actionable combat 

1

command and control solutions for air and land combat commanders. MSS also provides tailored capabilities to deliver Air 
Defense Operations Centers (ADOC) for integrated command and control, fire direction and weapons systems and sensors 
to our global customers. Key MSS customers include the U.S. Army, U.S. Air Force, the MDA, and international customers.

Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD)—IAMD provides combat-proven air and missile defense systems, including the 
Patriot A&MD system which is the cornerstone of the air and missile defense architecture for thirteen nations around the 
globe, including the U.S. and five NATO nations. The National Advanced Surface-to-Air Missile System (NASAMS™), also 
offered by IAMD, is a highly adaptable mid-range solution for any operational air defense requirement. It is deployed in the 
U.S. and five other countries. Key IAMD customers include the U.S. Army and international customers. Total sales from 
IAMD were approximately 10% of our consolidated revenues for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Seapower Capability Systems (SCS)—SCS is a provider and integrator of maritime air and missile defense radar systems, 
naval  combat  management,  and  airborne  anti-submarine  and  mine  warfare  systems,  as  well  as  sensors,  maritime  naval 
navigation systems, and torpedoes for U.S. and international navies. SCS is providing the first three low-rate initial production 
AMDR units, designated as AN/SPY-6, for the U.S. Navy’s DDG 51 class of warships. SCS’s contracts with the U.S. Navy 
also include Enterprise Air Surveillance Radar (EASR) for aircraft carriers and amphibious warfare ships, and, in the anti-
submarine warfare arena, a new variable depth sonar solution for the littoral combat ship class. In addition, as a ship integrator 
for the U.S. Navy, SCS provides mission systems equipment and combat and missions system integration for the following 
ship classes: DDG 1000 destroyers; LPD 17 amphibious warfare ships; and CVN 78 aircraft carriers. Key SCS customers 
include the U.S. Navy and allied navies.

IDS also includes the Advanced Technology (AT) product line, which executes contract research and development programs 
primarily with the Office of Naval Research (ONR), the Strategic Capabilities Office (SCO) and the Defense Advanced 
Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in advanced materials, semiconductors such as Gallium Nitride (GaN) and next-generation 
systems such as Flexible Digital Array Radar (FlexDAR) and Communications and Interoperability for Integrated Fires (CIIF), 
to support Raytheon product lines. AT also pursues attractive adjacent growth markets such as undersea warfare and directed 
energy.

Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS)—IIS, headquartered in Dulles, Virginia, provides a full range of technical and 
professional  services  to  intelligence,  defense,  federal  and  commercial  customers  worldwide.  IIS  specializes  in  global 
Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR); navigation; DoD space and weather solutions; cybersecurity; analytics; 
training; logistics; mission support; engineering; automation and sustainment solutions; and international and domestic Air 
Traffic Management (ATM) systems. Key customers include the U.S. Intelligence Community, the U.S. Armed Forces, the 
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS), NASA and a number of international customers. 
 
During 2017, IIS won a number of important classified and unclassified contracts, including the Development, Operations 
and Maintenance (DOMino) contract, which provides design, development and operations/maintenance services in support 
of the National Cybersecurity Protection System for the DHS. IIS also continued delivery of international and domestic 
integrated training and training support through the U.S. Army’s Warfighter Field Operations Customer Support (Warfighter 
FOCUS) contract.

IIS has the following principal product lines:

Cybersecurity and Special Missions (CSM)—CSM provides integrated cybersecurity and advanced intelligence solutions to 
strengthen information systems and mission execution. CSM designs and implements customized cyber, managed security 
services,  and  quick-reaction  solutions,  as  well  as  high-consequence  special  mission  support,  for  the  U.S.  Intelligence 
Community, the DoD, civilian federal agencies, international governments and commercial enterprises. Raytheon leverages 
and incorporates the cyber capabilities within CSM across the Company.

Global Training Solutions (GTS)—GTS provides training solutions, logistics and engineering support worldwide, principally 
under the Warfighter FOCUS contract with the U.S. Army, which will continue through October 2018 and may be extended 
for two six-month option periods. Future work will be segmented into multiple contracts and awarded through competitive 
bidding and therefore may be awarded to GTS, other contractors or a combination. If future awards are delayed or protested, 
however, we expect the U.S. Army to extend the existing GTS contract by the one or two six-month option periods. Under 

2

this contract, the GTS-led Warrior Training Alliance provides integrated operational training through comprehensive support 
for live, virtual and constructive training exercises and operations, maintenance for training and range systems, curriculum 
development and instruction, management oversight and administration for contractor activities, and supply support for 
government-owned property and material. GTS also provides training solutions through Raytheon Professional Services, 
provides commercial solutions, processes, tools and training experts to domestic and international commercial customers.

Navigation and Environmental Solutions (NES)—NES primarily supports programs for NASA, NOAA and the U.S. Air Force 
by implementing secure environmental and navigation ground solutions and data processing. NES capabilities include ground 
systems for command and control of space assets, large-scale data processing and exploitation, storage architectures, and high-
performance data handling and processing systems. Key programs include the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS), which 
supports multiple civil, defense and international polar-orbiting environmental satellites, and the Global Positioning System 
Next Generation Operational Control System (GPS-OCX).

Global Intelligence Solutions (GIS)—GIS provides strategic ISR and advanced technology solutions and services through 
large-scale satellite command and control, mission planning, constellation management, data processing, mission analytics, 
and secure data sharing. GIS's highly automated information solutions manage the collection and integration of information 
across multiple domains. GIS serves members of the Intelligence Community, commercial customers and international markets.

Mission Support and Modernization (MSM)—MSM provides full life-cycle mission operations, engineering, sustainment and 
modernization services for site and platform missions across all domains, as well as multi-intelligence (multi-INT) ground 
systems and unmanned systems technology for the U.S. Armed Forces and civil agencies. MSM’s core services are applied 
in two broad areas: proven models to support global mission operations more efficiently; and innovative engineering practices 
that generate affordable modernization and sustainment of mission-critical systems, weapons or platforms. Programs include 
advanced ground solutions for tactical ISR missions, such as Global Hawk® and the U.S. Air Force's U-2 reconnaissance 
aircraft; services for the U.S. Air Force’s contractor field support; software and avionics solutions for the V-22 Osprey aircraft; 
border and critical infrastructure security solutions; integrated operations for the North American Aerospace Defense Command 
(NORAD) command center, for NASA's Neutral Buoyancy Lab and, through its RGNext joint venture, for U.S. Air Force 
space launch facilities; and upgrades of airborne and sea-based weapons systems and podded aircraft reconnaissance systems.

Transportation and Support Services (TSS)—TSS develops, delivers and supports domestic and international ATM. TSS is a 
key provider of ATM solutions including automation, surveillance, and navigation and landing solutions, as well as its Standard 
Terminal Automation Replacement System (STARS), to the FAA and the DoD. TSS also provides “all-electronic” highway 
tolling systems for customers such as the Massachusetts Department of Transportation (MassDOT) and a highway system in 
Canada,  infrastructure  protection  with  Perimeter  Intrusion  Detection  technology,  and  product  support  services  for  other 
Raytheon businesses, including system deployment, installation and integration, logistics and training for military and civil 
customers in over 80 countries. 

IIS also includes the Cyber Operations, Development and Evaluation (CODE) Center, an advanced cyber range in which the 
Company demonstrates, tests and assesses new cyber products and services to determine how they can best integrate into a 
customer’s Cyber Security Operations Center (CSOC). IIS leverages CODE Center capabilities to drive both internal and 
external research and development with Governmental entities and commercial cyber protection companies. 

Missile Systems (MS)—MS, headquartered in Tucson, Arizona, designs, develops, integrates and produces missile and combat 
systems for the armed forces of the U.S. and allied nations. Leveraging its capabilities in advanced airframes, guidance and 
navigation systems, high-resolution sensors, surveillance, targeting and netted systems, MS provides and supports a broad 
range of advanced weapon systems including missiles, smart munitions, close-in weapon systems, projectiles, kinetic kill 
vehicles, directed energy effectors and advanced combat sensor solutions. Key customers include the U.S. Navy, Army, Air 
Force and Marine Corps, the MDA, and the armed forces of more than 40 allied nations. 

In 2017, MS continued to capture key contract awards from a broad global customer base, including awards for the Paveway™, 
Advanced  Medium-Range Air-to-Air  Missile  (AMRAAM®),  Standard  Missile-3  (SM-3®),  Standard  Missile-2  (SM-2) 
programs, as well as key development program awards on the Army’s Long Range Precision Fires (LRPF) program, the Air 
Force’s Long Range Standoff (LRSO) program and the MDA’s Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV) and Multiple Object Kill 
Vehicle (MKOV) programs. MS also completed successful flight tests on the SM-3, Standard Missile-6 (SM-6®), Small 
Diameter Bomb II (SDB II™), and Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (EKV) programs.

3

MS has the following principal product lines: 

Air Warfare Systems (AWS)—AWS products and services enable the U.S. Armed Forces and international customers to attack, 
suppress and destroy air-, sea- and ground-based targets. Products include the AMRAAM, a state-of-the-art, highly dependable 
and battle-proven air-to-air missile that also has a surface-to-air launch application; the Tomahawk cruise missile, an advanced 
surface- or submarine-launched cruise missile with loitering and network communication capability; SDB II, an air-to-ground 
glide weapon designed to engage moving targets in adverse weather and through battlefield conditions; the Joint Standoff 
Weapon (JSOW®), a family of air-to-ground weapons that employ an integrated GPS/inertial navigation system that guides 
the weapon to the target; the Paveway family of laser and GPS precision guided munitions; the AIM-9X Sidewinder™ short-
range air-to-air missile; the Miniature Air Launched Decoy-Jammer (MALD®-J), a stand-in, high endurance electronic warfare 
decoy/jammer used to deceive and degrade air defenses; the High-Speed Anti-Radiation Missile (HARM®) and the HARM 
Targeting System; the Maverick® precision strike missile; and the Griffin®, a small lightweight missile that can be employed 
from aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles, ships or ground-launched against light targets. Also, AWS partners with Kongsberg 
Defence Systems on the Naval Strike Missile (NSM) and the Joint Strike Missile (JSM), which are over-the-horizon anti-
surface warfare and land attack weapons systems to be used on various aircraft platforms and ship classes. Total sales from 
AWS were approximately 10% of our consolidated revenues for 2017, 2016, and 2015.

Air  and  Missile  Defense  Systems  (AMDS)—AMDS  designs,  develops,  produces,  and  supports  air  defense  and  ballistic 
missile defense  interceptor  systems. AMDS's  primary  customers  are  the  MDA,  the  U.S.  Navy  and  various  international 
customers. The AMDS portfolio includes the Standard Missile family of products, including SM-2, SM-3 and SM-6, with 
capabilities including sea- and land-based exoatmospheric defense against short- and intermediate-range ballistic missiles and 
tri-mission defense against air, surface and ballistic missile threats. AMDS’s contracts with the MDA include development 
of the RKV for ballistic missile defense in space. In addition, AMDS participates in a collaboration with Israel’s Rafael 
Advanced Defense Systems to produce the SkyHunter® system, based on the Iron Dome system and designed to help protect 
U.S. forces and their allies from short-range threats.

Naval and Area Mission Defense (NAMD)—NAMD offers a complete family of mission solutions for customers around the 
world. The product line provides highly effective, layered ship defense systems for the navies of more than 30 countries across 
multiple platforms to counter the threats of today and tomorrow. NAMD leverages its proven capabilities to provide forward 
operating base defenses for the U.S. Army, Air Force and Marine Corps. The product line designs, develops, integrates, 
manufactures and supports a variety of products that include the Phalanx® Close-In Weapon System (CIWS) (employed afloat 
and ashore), the Rolling Airframe Missile (RAM™) and Launcher System, the SeaRAM® system, SM-2, and the Evolved 
Seasparrow Missile (ESSM®) family of missiles protecting ships against air, subsurface and surface cruise/ballistic missile 
threats. NAMD continues to leverage its strategic international cooperative partnerships to evolve its existing products and 
technologies with a goal of addressing the full spectrum of threats.

Land Warfare Systems (LWS)—LWS provides precision missiles and munitions, advanced electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) 
sensors, and integrated mission solutions in the land domain for the U.S. Army, Marine Corps, and the militaries of more than 
40 allied nations. LWS capabilities are designed to provide warfighters the situational awareness and lethality they need to 
overmatch and defeat evolving complex threats. The LWS portfolio includes the Tube-launched, Optically-tracked, Wireless-
guided  (TOW®)  weapon  system,  a  long-range  precision  anti-armor/anti-fortification/anti-amphibious-landing  weapon 
system, and Excalibur®, a GPS-guided artillery round providing indirect precision fire for ground forces. The 3rd Generation 
Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR), currently in development, leverages proven sensor technology to provide the warfighter 
with high-definition resolution and magnification of target images in darkness and in a range of adverse environmental 
conditions. 

Advanced Missile Systems (AMS)—AMS focuses on the development and early introduction of next-generation, end-to-end 
system  solutions  that  support  the AWS, AMDS,  NAMD,  LWS  and  other  Raytheon  product  lines. AMS  is  engaged  in 
opportunities involving the transition from weapon development to warfighter fielding in the areas of next generation missile 
systems, hypersonic vehicles, unmanned aircraft systems, non-kinetic solutions, space applications and collaborative weapon 
technologies. AMS works closely with DARPA, SCO and the research lab community.

Space and Airborne Systems (SAS)—SAS, headquartered in McKinney, Texas, is a leader in the design, development and 
manufacture of integrated sensor and communication systems for advanced missions. These missions include intelligence, 
surveillance and reconnaissance; precision engagement; manned and unmanned aerial operations; and space. Leveraging state-

4

of-the-art technologies, mission systems and domain knowledge, SAS designs, manufactures, supports and sustains civil and 
military electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) sensors; airborne radars for surveillance and fire control applications; lasers; precision 
guidance systems; signals intelligence systems; processors; electronic warfare systems; communications; and space-qualified 
systems. Key customers are the U.S. Navy, Air Force, and Army, international allies and classified customers.

In 2017, the U.S. Air Force awarded SAS a contract to upgrade Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars onboard 
Air Force and Air National Guard F-15C fighters. SAS was also awarded classified contracts in space protection, electronic 
warfare, signals intelligence, and ISR. DigitalGlobe, Inc. selected SAS to develop imaging payloads for its WorldView Legion 
satellite  constellation.  In  addition,  SAS  successfully  completed  the  first-ever  high  energy  laser  (HEL)  weapon  system 
demonstration on a rotorcraft aboard an Apache helicopter. SAS also successfully demonstrated a vehicle-mounted HEL 
system designed to defeat unmanned aerial systems at ranges up to 1 kilometer.

SAS has the following principal product lines:

Intelligence,  Surveillance  and  Reconnaissance  Systems  (ISRS)—ISRS  designs,  develops  and  manufactures  an  array  of 
Multispectral EO/IR sensors, light-sensing focal plane arrays, advanced visible and infrared sensors, AESA radars and various 
integrated ISR systems solutions to provide customers with actionable information for strike, persistent surveillance and 
special  mission  platforms. These  systems  perform  detection,  identification,  tracking,  targeting,  navigation,  weather,  and 
situational  awareness  tasks  on  a  variety  of  airborne  platforms,  including  maritime,  littoral  and  overland  patrol  aircraft, 
unmanned aerial systems, and other tactical, attack and transport rotary- and fixed-wing aircraft. Key ISRS programs include 
the APY-10 radar on the U.S. Navy’s P-8A Poseidon; the Multi-spectral Targeting Systems (MTS) on numerous unmanned 
and manned aircraft; the Enhanced Integrated Sensor Suite (EISS) for the Global Hawk platform; the Silent Knight Terrain 
Following/Terrain Avoiding radar for rotary-wing platforms; and an international classified program.

Secure  Sensor  Solutions  (S3)—S3  designs,  manufactures  and  develops  cost-effective,  high-performance  integrated  sensor 
solutions for tactical and strategic platforms, which deliver trusted, actionable information for mission assurance. S3 provides 
integrated advanced fire control radars to customers, including the U.S. Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force and international 
governments. S3 produces AESA radars for the U.S. Air Force’s F-15 and B-2 aircraft, the U.S. Navy’s F/A-18E/F and EA-18G 
and  radars  for  several  international  customers,  including Australia,  Canada,  Japan  and  Saudi Arabia.  S3  also  develops 
sophisticated anti-jam GPS solutions for many customers and provides a wide range of state-of-the-art product families and 
engineering services for the DoD’s response to dynamic threat environments.

Electronic Warfare Systems (EWS)—EWS designs and manufactures cost-effective, high-performance electronic warfare 
systems and equipment for strategic and tactical aircraft, helicopters, surface ships and ground forces for the U.S. Air Force, 
Army, Navy, Special Operations Forces, and intelligence agencies and international governments. EWS products deliver a 
range of non-kinetic effects ranging from radar jamming to information operations. The EWS portfolio includes the Next 
Generation Jammer (NGJ) program, integrated electronic warfare suites, development of electronic warfare planning and 
management tools (EW PMT), the Multi-function Integrated Receiver/Exciter System (MFIRES) product family, advanced 
classified  programs,  and  products  which  include  towed  decoys,  radar  warning  receivers,  radar  and  communications 
countermeasures and missile warning sensors. 

Integrated Communications Systems (ICS)—ICS is a market leader in tactical airborne communications, software-defined 
radio technology, advanced tactical networking, cryptology and real-time sensor networking. The ARC-231 radio is deployed 
on U.S. and International rotary wing platforms and fixed wing aircraft. The Vinson/ANDVT Cryptology Modernization 
(VACM) family of products provides secure communications for the U.S. and international customers. ICS is the only producer 
of Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF) satellite terminals for all U.S. military branches, providing protected, highly 
secure satellite communications terminals for the U.S. military, including the Navy Multiband Terminal (NMT) and the Air 
Force Family of Advanced Beyond Line of Sight Terminal (FAB-T) and related ground terminals.

Space Systems (SS)—SS designs and manufactures space and space-qualified sensor payloads for large national programs and 
develops innovative solutions for emerging commercial, intelligence, defense and civil space applications. SS provides EO/
IR, radio frequency, radar and laser space-based sensors to customers, including branches of the DoD, MDA, NASA, classified 
and commercial customers, and international governments. Its major non-classified program is the JPSS program, which 
provides the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS), an advanced imaging and radiometric sensor for NASA and 
NOAA weather/environmental monitoring programs.

5

Advanced Concepts Technology (ACT), an innovation incubator, is also part of SAS. ACT conducts internal research and 
development and contract research and development for customers, including the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) 
and the DARPA, and produces cutting-edge products and capabilities, including advanced HEL weapons systems, next-
generation all-weather millimeter wave targeting radars, improved capabilities in mission system architecture, electro-optical 
(EO) and radio frequency (RF) technologies, advanced speech recognition with natural language understanding, plus systems 
exploiting acoustic phenomenology. 

Forcepoint—Forcepoint,  headquartered  in  Austin,  Texas,  develops  cybersecurity  products  serving  commercial  and 
government organizations worldwide. Forcepoint is a joint venture of Raytheon and Vista Equity Partners created in May 
2015 that brought together the capabilities of the legacy Raytheon Cyber Products (RCP) and Websense, Inc. (Websense) 
businesses. Forcepoint delivers a portfolio of human-centric cybersecurity capabilities, including data loss prevention; user 
and entity behavior analytics (UEBA) and cloud access security broker (CASB) capabilities; insider threat solutions; next-
generation firewall (NGFW) technology; cloud and on premise web and email security; and cross domain transfer products. 
Forcepoint's customers deploy its software products on standard servers, mobile endpoints or other information technology 
hardware, including Forcepoint optimized appliances, as a software-as-a-service (otherwise referred to as a cloud-based or 
cloud service) offering, or in a hybrid hardware/cloud configuration. Forcepoint’s customers include large enterprises, small- 
and medium-sized businesses and both domestic and international government agencies.

In 2017, Forcepoint acquired RedOwl Analytics Inc. (RedOwl), a security analytics business, and the Skyfence® CASB 
business.

Effective January 1, 2018, Forcepoint has reorganized into the following two principal product lines: (1) Global Governments 
and Critical Infrastructure and (2) Commercial Security. This structure aligns to Forcepoint’s core target markets.

Global Governments and Critical Infrastructure—In addition to providing the full suite of Forcepoint products to government 
customers, Global Governments and Critical Infrastructure provides a suite of cross domain and insider threat technologies 
designed to enable defense, intelligence and civilian agencies to securely and efficiently access and transfer data, including 
streaming video, across multiple domains. Forcepoint expects to begin providing these technologies to critical infrastructure 
customers  in  2018.  Global  Governments  and  Critical  Infrastructure  products  are  deployed  primarily  in  high  assurance 
environments. 

Commercial Security—Commercial security consists of the User and Data Security solution area and the Cloud Access and 
Network Security solution area. User and Data Security provides data loss prevention; UEBA; and insider threat security 
products.  Forcepoint’s  data  loss  prevention  suite  of  products  extend  data  security  control  solutions  to  enterprise  cloud 
applications,  end  user  software  applications  and  sensitive  data  and  intellectual  property  on  laptops,  both  on-  and  off-
network. Forcepoint’s UEBA products analyze large amounts of data to assess risk. Forcepoint’s insider threat suite of products 
spans analytics, insider threat, advanced threat protection and related security features. Cloud Access and Network Security 
solutions  provide  a  range  of  appliances  that  consolidate  multiple  security  capabilities  and  deliver  real-time  security 
functionality, including content security and firewall capabilities. The content security solutions integrate Forcepoint's web, 
email, filtering, and NGFW technologies into a single security architecture that may be deployed in the cloud, on premise 
(e.g. a proxy server or firewall) and in a hybrid environment. In addition, Forcepoint’s CASB product provides visibility, 
access and control as users interact with data in cloud applications. The firewall products consist of the Forcepoint NGFW 
and the Forcepoint Sidewinder proxy firewall products. The Forcepoint NGFW product provides software and hardware 
solutions that focus on high-availability, centralized management and policy deployment across large networks and protection 
from advanced evasion techniques. The Forcepoint Sidewinder product provides proxy-based firewall software and hardware 
solutions, designed to allow for clear visibility and control of command filtering, protocol enforcement and application access.

In addition to the principal product lines, Forcepoint provides consulting services of certified engineers who assess, plan, 
design, analyze and optimize security solutions for its customers' business environments.

6

Sales to the U.S. Government

(In millions, except percentages)
Sales to the U.S. government(1)
Sales to the U.S. government as a percentage of Total Net Sales(1)
Foreign military sales through the U.S. government
Foreign military sales through the U.S. government as a percentage of

Total Net Sales

2017

16,860

67%

3,311

$

$

$

$

13%

2016
16,083

67%

2,899

12%

$

$

2015
15,788

68%

2,812

12%

(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government.
 
Our  principal  U.S.  government  customer  is  the  DoD;  other  U.S.  government  customers  include  other  U.S.  Intelligence 
Community agencies, NASA and the FAA.

U.S. Government Contracts and Regulation
We act as a prime contractor or major subcontractor for numerous U.S. government programs. As a result, we are subject to 
extensive regulations and requirements of the U.S. government agencies and entities that govern these programs, including 
with respect to the award, administration and performance of contracts under such programs. We are also subject to certain 
unique business risks associated with U.S. government program funding and appropriations, U.S. government contracts, and 
supplying technologically-advanced, cutting-edge defense-related products and services to the U.S. government. 

U.S. government contracts generally are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), which sets forth policies, 
procedures and requirements for the acquisition of goods and services by the U.S. government; department-specific regulations 
that implement or supplement the FAR, such as the DoD's Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS); 
and other applicable laws and regulations. These regulations impose a broad range of requirements, many of which are unique 
to government contracting, including various procurement, import and export, security, contract pricing and cost, contract 
termination and adjustment, audit and product integrity requirements. A contractor's failure to comply with these regulations 
and requirements could result in reductions to the value of contracts, contract modifications or termination, and the assessment 
of penalties and fines, and could lead to suspension or debarment, for cause, from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting 
for a period of time. In addition, government contractors are also subject to routine audits and investigations by U.S. government 
agencies such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) and Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA). These 
agencies review a contractor's performance under its contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations 
and standards. The DCAA and DCMA also review the adequacy of and a contractor's compliance with its internal control 
systems and policies, including the contractor's accounting, purchasing, property, estimating, earned value management and 
material management accounting systems. For a discussion of certain risks associated with compliance with U.S. government 
contract regulations and requirements, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K. 

U.S. government contracts include both cost reimbursement and fixed-price contracts. Cost reimbursement contracts, subject 
to a contractual cost-ceiling amount in certain cases, provide for the reimbursement of allowable costs plus the payment of a 
fee. These contracts fall into three basic types: (1) cost-plus fixed fee contracts which provide for the payment of a fixed fee 
irrespective of the final cost of performance; (2) cost-plus incentive fee contracts which provide for increases or decreases in 
the target incentive fee, within specified limits, based upon actual cost results compared to contractual cost targets; and (3) cost-
plus award fee contracts which provide for the payment of an award fee determined at the discretion of the customer based 
upon the performance of the contractor against pre-established criteria. Under cost reimbursement contracts, the contractor 
is reimbursed periodically for allowable costs and is paid a portion of the fee based on contract progress. Some costs incidental 
to performing contracts have been made partially or wholly unallowable for reimbursement by statute, the FAR or other 
regulation. Examples of such costs include charitable contributions, certain merger and acquisition costs, lobbying costs, 
interest  expense  and  certain  litigation  defense  costs.  We  also  classify  time-and-materials  (T&M)  contracts  as  cost 
reimbursement contracts as they are typically used to cover certain contract costs plus a set amount of fee.

Fixed-price contracts are predominantly either firm fixed-price (FFP) contracts or fixed-price incentive (FPI) contracts. Under 
FFP contracts, the contractor agrees to perform a specific scope of work for a fixed price and as a result, benefits from cost 
savings and carries the burden of cost overruns. Under FPI contracts, the contractor shares with the U.S. government savings 
accrued from contracts performed for less than target costs and costs incurred in excess of targets up to a negotiated ceiling 
price (which is higher than the target cost) and carries the entire burden of costs exceeding the negotiated ceiling price. 
Accordingly, under such contracts, the contractor's profit may also be adjusted up or down depending upon whether specified 

7

cost objectives are met. Under FFP and FPI type contracts, the contractor usually receives either performance-based payments 
(PBPs) equaling up to 90% of the contract price or monthly progress payments from the U.S. government generally in amounts 
equaling 80% of costs incurred under U.S. government contracts. The remaining amount, including profits or incentive fees, 
is billed upon delivery and acceptance of end items under the contract. The DoD has expressed a preference to utilize FPI as 
opposed to FFP contracts. In the event we experience a greater proportion of FPI contracts and/or progress payments for our 
fixed-price DoD contracts in the future than historically, it could have an adverse effect on our operating margins, cash flow 
and liquidity. For a discussion of certain risks associated with fixed-price and cost reimbursement contracts and risks associated 
with changes in U.S. government procurement rules, regulations and business practices, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this 
Form 10-K.

U.S. government contracts generally also permit the government to terminate the contract, in whole or in part, without prior 
notice, at the U.S. government's convenience or for default based on performance. If a contract is terminated for convenience, 
the contractor is generally entitled to payments for its allowable costs and will receive some allowance for profit on the work 
performed. If a contract is terminated for default, the contractor is generally entitled to payments for its work that has been 
accepted by the U.S. government, but a termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability and have a negative 
impact on our ability to obtain future contracts and orders. The U.S. government's right to terminate its contracts has not had 
a material adverse effect upon our operations, financial condition or liquidity. For a discussion of the risks associated with 
the U.S. government's right to terminate its contracts, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K. 

U.S.  government  programs  generally  are  implemented  by  the  award  of  individual  contracts  and  subcontracts.  Congress 
generally appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though a program may extend across several fiscal years. Consequently, 
programs  are  often  only  partially  funded  initially  and  additional  funds  are  committed  only  as  Congress  makes  further 
appropriations. The contracts and subcontracts under a program generally are subject to termination for convenience or 
adjustment if appropriations for such programs are not available or change. The U.S. government is required to equitably 
adjust a contract price for additions or reductions in scope or other changes ordered by it. For a discussion of the risks associated 
with program funding and appropriations, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Overview” within Item 7 of this Form 10-K. In 
addition, because we are engaged in supplying technologically-advanced, cutting-edge defense-related products and services 
to the U.S. government, we are subject to certain business risks, some of which are specific to our industry. These risks include: 
(1) the cost and ability to obtain and retain trained, skilled and qualified employees; (2) the uncertainty and instability of prices 
for raw materials and supplies; (3) the problems associated with advanced designs, which may result in unforeseen technological 
difficulties and cost overruns; (4) the intense competition and the constant necessity for improvement in facility utilization 
and personnel training; and (5) the impact of potential security and cyber threats. Our sales to the U.S. government may be 
affected  by  changes  in  procurement  policies,  budget  considerations,  changing  priorities  for  national  defense,  political 
developments abroad and other factors. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Overview” within Item 7 of this Form 10-K for a 
more detailed discussion of these and other related risks.

We are also involved in U.S. government programs that are classified by the U.S. government and cannot be specifically 
described in this Form 10-K. The operating results of these classified programs are included in the applicable business segment's 
and our consolidated results of operations. The business risks and considerations associated with these and our international 
classified programs generally do not differ materially from those of our other U.S. government and international programs 
and products. 

International Sales

(In millions, except percentages)
Total international sales(1)
Total international sales as a Percentage of Total Net Sales(1)
(1) 

31%
Includes foreign military sales through the U.S. government of $3,311 million, $2,899 million and $2,812 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

32%

32%

2017

$

8,085

$

2016
7,616

$

2015
7,197

Our international sales are conducted through Raytheon Company and certain U.S. and international subsidiaries. For example, 
Raytheon Systems Limited (RSL), a U.K. subsidiary, provides a wide range of products and services, most notably with our 
MS, SAS and IIS business segments, to commercial, defense and other government customers in the U.K. and globally. 
Raytheon Australia delivers integrated solutions to the Australian Defence Force, most notably with our IDS and IIS business 
segments. Generally, we internally fund our international subsidiary working capital requirements in the applicable countries. 
In connection with certain international sales, we utilize the services of sales representatives who are paid commissions in 

8

return for services rendered, and international consultants and advisors who are typically paid a fixed retainer fee. Our 
Forcepoint joint venture also sells certain products and services, both domestically and internationally, primarily through a 
network of distributors and value-added resellers.

Sales and income from international operations and investments are subject to U.S. government laws, regulations and policies, 
including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and the Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other anti-corruption laws and the export laws and regulations described below. They are 
also subject to foreign government laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices, which may differ from U.S. 
government regulation, including export-import control, technology transfer, investments, exchange controls, repatriation of 
earnings and requirements to expend a portion of program funds in-country through manufacturing agreements or other 
financial support obligations, also known as offset obligations or in-country industrial participation (ICIP) agreements. In 
addition, embargoes, international hostilities and changes in currency and commodity values can also impact our international 
sales. Exchange restrictions imposed by various countries could restrict the transfer of funds between countries, us and our 
subsidiaries. We have acted to protect ourselves against various risks through insurance, foreign exchange contracts, contract 
provisions, government guarantees and/or payment terms. Our international sales in functional currencies other than the U.S. 
dollar were approximately $1.3 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, the majority of which were in British pounds and Australian 
dollars with the remainder primarily in euros and Canadian dollars. See total net sales and property, plant and equipment by 
geographical area set forth in “Note 17: Business Segment Reporting” within Item 8 of this Form 10 K.

Depending on the type of international sale, Raytheon must either seek various approvals from the U.S. government under 
the foreign military sales process or may require an export authorization and the issuance of a license by either the U.S. 
Department of State under the Arms Export Control Act of 1976 and its implementing regulations under the ITAR, the U.S. 
Department of Commerce under the Export Administration Act of 1979 and its implementing regulations under the EAR, as 
kept in force by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977 (IEEPA), and/or the U.S. Department of the 
Treasury under IEEPA or the Trading with the Enemy Act of 1917. Such licenses and authorizations may be denied or delayed 
for reasons of U.S. national security or foreign policy. In the case of certain exports of defense equipment and services, the 
Department of State must notify Congress at least 15-30 days (depending on the identity of the importing country that will 
utilize the equipment and services) prior to authorizing such exports. During that time, Congress may take action to block or 
delay a proposed export by joint resolution which is subject to Presidential veto. Additional information regarding the risks 
associated with our international business is contained in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K.

Classified Sales
Classified sales include U.S. government sales on programs designated as classified by the U.S. government, as well as 
international sales on programs for which the customer, end user or end product is prohibited from being publicly disclosed. 
Total classified sales were 17% in 2017 and 2016, and 16% in 2015.

9

Backlog

(In millions, except percentages) at December 31
Total U.S. government backlog(1)
Total non-U.S. government domestic backlog

Total domestic backlog

Total foreign military sales backlog
Total direct foreign government backlog
Total non-government foreign backlog

Total international backlog

$

$

2017
22,258
740
22,998
6,760
7,577
875
15,212
38,210

2016
21,144
602
21,746
5,939
8,254
770
14,963
36,709

% of Total Backlog

2017
58%
2%
60%
18%
20%
2%
40%
100%

2016
58%
2%
59%
16%
22%
2%
41%
100%

Total backlog
(1)  Excludes foreign military sales backlog through the U.S. government which is included in total international backlog.

$

$

Approximately half of the December 31, 2017 year-end backlog is not expected to be filled during the following twelve 
months. These amounts include both funded backlog (unfilled orders for which funding is authorized, appropriated and 
contractually obligated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or 
obligated to us). For additional information related to backlog figures, see “Segment Results” within Item 7 of this Form 10-
K.
 
Research and Development
We conduct extensive research and development activities to continually enhance our existing products and services and 
develop  new  products  and  services  to  meet  our  customers’  changing  needs  and  requirements,  and  address  new  market 
opportunities. During 2017, we expended $734 million on research and development efforts compared to $755 million and 
$706 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. These expenditures principally have been for product development for the U.S. 
government. We also conduct funded research and development activities under U.S. government contracts which are included 
in total net sales. For additional information related to our research and development activities, see “Note 1: Summary of 
Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Raw Materials, Suppliers and Seasonality
We  are  dependent  upon  the  availability  of  materials  and  major  components  and  the  performance  of  our  suppliers  and 
subcontractors.  Some  products  require  relatively  scarce  raw  materials.  We  generally  have  not  experienced  significant 
difficulties in procuring the necessary raw materials, components and other supplies for our products. 

In addition, we must comply with specific procurement requirements which may, in effect, limit the suppliers and subcontractors 
we may utilize. In some instances, for a variety of reasons, we are dependent on sole-source suppliers. We enter into long-
term or volume purchase agreements with certain suppliers and take other actions to ensure the availability of needed materials, 
components and subsystems. We are also dependent on suppliers to provide genuine original equipment manufacturer parts 
and have a robust set of standardized policies to detect counterfeit material, especially electronic components, throughout our 
supply chain. 

In recent years, our revenues in the second half of the year have generally exceeded revenues in the first half. Some of the 
factors that can affect revenue recognition between accounting periods include the timing of new program awards (including 
international contract awards and approvals), the availability of U.S. government funding, product deliveries (which are 
dependent  on  availability  of  materials)  and  customer  acceptance. We  expect  this  trend  to  continue  in  2018. Additional 
information regarding the risks associated with our raw materials, suppliers, and seasonality is contained in “Item 1A. Risk 
Factors” of this Form 10-K.

Competition
We directly participate in most major areas of development in the defense and government electronics, space, information 
technology and technical services and support markets. Technical superiority, reputation, price, past performance, delivery 
schedules, and reliability are among the principal competitive factors considered by customers in these markets. We also 
compete in the commercial cybersecurity market, which is characterized by rapid changes in technology, products, customer 

10

specifications and industry standards. We compete worldwide with a number of U.S. and international companies in these 
markets, some of which may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities 
than we do in some areas. We frequently partner on various programs with our major suppliers, some of whom are, from time 
to time, competitors on other programs. In addition, U.S. defense spending levels in the future are difficult to predict. Changes 
in U.S. defense spending may potentially limit certain future market opportunities. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Overview” 
within Item 7 of this Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion of these and other related risks.

Intellectual Property
We own an intellectual property portfolio that includes many U.S. and foreign patents, as well as unpatented trade secrets and 
know-how, data, software, trademarks and copyrights, all of which contribute to the preservation of our competitive position 
in the market. In certain instances, we have augmented our technology base by licensing the proprietary intellectual property 
of others. We also license our intellectual property to others, including our customers, in certain instances. The U.S. government 
has licenses to certain of our intellectual property, including certain patents, developed in the performance of U.S. government 
contracts, and has the right to use and authorize others to use such intellectual property, including the inventions covered by 
such patents for U.S. government purposes. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to our 
operations, we do not believe that any particular trade secret, patent, trademark, copyright, license or other intellectual property 
right is of such importance that its loss or termination would have a material effect on our business. Additional information 
regarding the risks associated with our intellectual property is contained in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K.

Employment
As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately 64,000 employees. 

Environmental Regulation
Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of international, federal, state and local environmental protection laws 
and regulations. We have provided for the estimated cost to complete remediation—or, in the case of multi-party sites, our 
reasonably expected share thereof—where we have determined that it is probable that we will incur such costs in the future 
in connection with (1) facilities that are now, or were previously, owned or operated by us, (2) sites where we have been named 
a Potentially Responsible Party (PRP) by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or similarly designated by other 
environmental agencies, or (3) sites where we have been named in a cost recovery or contribution claim by a non-governmental 
third party. It is difficult to estimate the timing and ultimate amount of environmental cleanup costs to be incurred in the future 
due to the uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the discovery and application of innovative remediation 
technologies, and the status and interpretation of laws and regulations. 

If we are ultimately found to have liability at a multi-party site where we have been designated a PRP or have been named in 
a cost recovery or contribution claim from a non-governmental third party, we expect that the actual costs of remediation will 
be shared with other PRPs. Generally in the U.S. and certain other countries, PRPs that are ultimately determined to be 
responsible parties are strictly liable for site clean-up and usually agree among themselves to share, on an allocated basis, the 
costs  and  expenses  for  investigation  and  remediation  of  hazardous  materials.  Under  existing  U.S.  environmental  laws, 
responsible parties are usually jointly and severally liable and, therefore, potentially liable for the full cost of funding such 
remediation. In the unlikely event that we are required to fund the entire cost of such remediation, the statutory framework 
provides that we may pursue rights of contribution from the other PRPs. The amounts we record do not reflect the unlikely 
event that we would be required to fund the entire cost of such remediation, nor do they reflect the possibility that we may 
recover some of these additional environmental costs from insurance policies or from other PRPs. In addition, a portion of 
these costs is eligible for future recovery through the pricing of our products and services to the U.S. government. 

We  manage  various  government-owned  facilities  on  behalf  of  the  U.S.  government. At  such  facilities,  environmental 
compliance and remediation costs have historically been primarily the responsibility of the U.S. government and we relied 
(and continue to rely with respect to past practices) upon U.S. government funding to pay such costs. While the government 
remains responsible for capital and operating costs associated with environmental compliance, responsibility for fines and 
penalties associated with environmental noncompliance is typically borne by either the U.S. government or the contractor, 
depending on the contract and the relevant facts. Fines and penalties are unallowable costs under the contracts pursuant to 
which such facilities are managed. 

Most of the U.S. laws governing environmental matters include criminal provisions. A criminal violation of certain U.S. 
environmental statutes such as the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act could result in suspension, debarment or disqualification 

11

by the EPA. Facilities in violation of these statutes cannot be used to perform any U.S. government contract work until the 
violation has been corrected and the EPA approves the reinstatement of the facility.

Additional information regarding the effect of compliance with environmental protection requirements and the resolution of 
environmental claims against us and our operations, including expected remediation costs, is contained in “Item 1A. Risk 
Factors,” “Commitments and Contingencies” within Item 7 and “Note 11: Commitments and Contingencies” within Item 8 
of this Form 10-K.
 
Available Information
Our internet address is www.raytheon.com. We use our Investor Relations website as a routine channel for distribution of 
important information, including news releases, analyst presentations and financial information. We make available free of 
charge on or through our Investor Relations website our annual reports and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q (including 
related filings in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) format), current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to 
those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our SEC filings are also at the Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, 
D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. In 
addition, the SEC also maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information 
regarding registrants that file electronically, including Raytheon.

Additionally, we also make available on or through our website copies of our key corporate governance documents, including 
our  Governance  Principles,  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  By-laws  and  charters  for  the Audit  Committee,  Management 
Development and Compensation Committee (MDCC), Governance and Nominating Committee, Public Affairs Committee 
and Special Activities Committee of the Board of Directors and our code of ethics entitled “Code of Conduct.” Raytheon 
stockholders may request free copies of these documents from our Investor Relations Department by writing to Raytheon 
Company, Investor Relations, 870 Winter Street, Waltham, MA 02451, or by calling (781) 522-5123 or sending an email 
request to invest@raytheon.com.

The content on any website referred to in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K unless expressly 
noted.
  
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

This Form 10-K and the information we are incorporating by reference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning 
of federal securities laws, including information regarding our financial outlook, future plans, objectives, business prospects, 
products and services, trends and anticipated financial performance including with respect to our revenue, liquidity and capital 
resources; our bookings and backlog; international sales; cybersecurity sales; our pension and other postretirement benefit 
(PRB) expense and funding; our expectations regarding customer contracts; our capital expenditures; the impact of new 
accounting pronouncements; our expected tax payments and tax rate; our unrecognized tax benefits; the effect of the Tax Cuts 
and Jobs Act of 2017 (2017 Act), including on our deferred tax balances and one-time transition tax on foreign earnings; the 
impact  of  acquisitions,  investments  and  other  business  arrangements;  the  impact  and  outcome  of  audits  and  legal  and 
administrative proceedings, claims, investigations, commitments and contingencies; and the impact of changes in fair value 
of our reporting units; the impact of changes in foreign currency rates and interest rates; as well as information regarding 
domestic and international defense spending, budgets and business practices. You can identify these statements by the fact 
that they include words such as “will,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” or variations of these 
words, or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts and represent only our 
current  expectations  regarding  such  matters. These  statements  inherently  involve  a  wide  range  of  known  and  unknown 
uncertainties. Our actual actions and results could differ materially from what is expressed or implied by these statements.
Specific factors that could cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those set forth below and other important 
factors disclosed previously and from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
Given these factors, as well as other variables that may affect our operating results, you should not rely on forward-looking 
statements, assume that past financial performance will be a reliable indicator of future performance, or use historical trends 
to anticipate results or trends in future periods. We expressly disclaim any obligation or intention to provide updates to the 
forward-looking statements and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, except as required by law. 

12

We depend on the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business, and changes in U.S. government defense 
spending and priorities could impact our financial position, results of operations and overall business.

In 2017, U.S. government sales, excluding foreign military sales, accounted for approximately 67% of our total net sales. Our 
U.S. government revenues largely result from contracts awarded under various U.S. government programs, primarily defense-
related programs with the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD), and a broad range of programs with the U.S. Intelligence 
Community and other departments and agencies. Our programs are subject to U.S. government policies, budget decisions and 
appropriation  processes  which  are  driven  by  numerous  factors  including:  (1)  geopolitical  events;  (2)  macroeconomic 
conditions; and (3) the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation, such as appropriations bills.

In recent years, U.S. government appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related 
legislation. In 2011, Congress enacted the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA), which established specific limits on annual 
appropriations for fiscal years (FY) 2012–2021. The BCA has been amended a number of times leading to fluctuations and 
unpredictability in annual DoD funding levels. For example, the DoD budget fell by 7% in FY 2013, remained essentially flat 
for FY 2014 and 2015, and increased by 5% and 3% for FY 2016 and FY 2017, respectively, in each case compared to the 
prior year. While DoD funding for FY 2018 and FY 2019 is expected to increase, the DoD is currently operating under a 
Continuing Resolution (CR) for FY 2018, which limits FY 2018 funding levels to FY 2017. Future spending levels are difficult 
to predict. They are subject to a wide range of outcomes and depend on Congressional action. In addition, in recent years the 
U.S. government has been unable to complete its budget process before the end of its fiscal year, resulting in both governmental 
shut-downs and CRs providing only enough funds for U.S. government agencies to continue operating.

U.S. government defense spending levels are difficult to predict beyond the near-term due to numerous factors, including the 
external threat environment, future governmental priorities and the state of governmental finances. Significant changes in 
U.S. government defense spending or changes in U.S. government priorities, policies and requirements could have a material 
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Our financial results largely are dependent on our ability to perform on our U.S. government contracts, which are subject 
to uncertain levels of funding and timing, as well as termination. Our financial results could also be affected by performance 
delays, cost overruns, product failures or definitization delays in connection with these contracts.

Our financial results largely are dependent on our performance under our U.S. government contracts. Although we have 
thousands of U.S. government contracts, the termination of one or more of our contracts, or the occurrence of performance 
delays, cost overruns, product failures, or contract definitization delays could negatively impact our results of operations, 
financial condition and liquidity. Further, we can give no assurance that we would be awarded new U.S. government contracts 
to offset the revenues lost as a result of the termination of any of our contracts. 

U.S. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate the contract, in whole or in part, without prior notice, 
at the U.S. government’s convenience or for default based on performance. If one of our contracts is terminated for convenience, 
we would generally be entitled to payments for our allowable costs and would receive some allowance for profit on the work 
performed. If one of our contracts is terminated for default, we would generally be entitled to payments for work accepted by 
the U.S. government. A termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability and have a negative impact on our 
ability to obtain future contracts and orders. In addition, we are a subcontractor and not the prime contractor on some contracts. 
In these arrangements, the U.S. government could terminate the prime contract for convenience or otherwise, without regard 
to our performance as a subcontractor. 

The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to congressional appropriations, which are made on a fiscal year basis 
even for multi-year programs. Consequently, programs are often only partially funded initially and may not continue to be 
funded in future years. In addition, regular appropriation bills may be delayed, which may result in delays to revenue, the 
collection of receivables and our contract performance due to lack of authorized funds to procure related products and services. 
Under certain circumstances, we may use our own funds to meet our customer’s desired delivery dates or other requirements 
but we may not be reimbursed. Further, if appropriations for one of our programs become unavailable, reduced or delayed, 
the U.S. government may terminate our contract or subcontract under that program.

Our U.S. government contracts typically involve the development, application and manufacture of advanced defense and 
technology systems and products aimed at achieving challenging goals. New technologies may be untested or unproven. In 

13

some instances, product requirements or specifications may be modified. As a result, we may experience technological and 
other performance difficulties, which may result in delays, setbacks, cost overruns or product failures. Additionally, in order 
to win certain U.S. government contracts, we may be required to invest in development prior to award as our customers demand 
more mature and proven solutions. These additional investment amounts may not be recovered if we are not chosen for new 
contract awards.

Our U.S. government contracts are typically either fixed-priced contracts or cost reimbursable contracts. Fixed-price contracts 
represent approximately 63% of our backlog, and are predominantly either firm fixed-price (FFP) contracts or fixed-price 
incentive (FPI) contracts. Under FFP contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur and we 
therefore carry the burden of any cost overruns. Under FPI contracts, we share with the U.S. government savings for cost 
underruns less than target costs and expenses for cost overruns exceeding target costs up to a negotiated cost ceiling. We carry 
the entire burden of cost overruns exceeding the cost ceiling amount under FPI contracts. Under cost reimbursable contracts, 
we are reimbursed for allowable costs and paid a fixed or performance-based fee, but we are generally not reimbursed for 
unauthorized costs exceeding a cost ceiling amount or costs not allowable under the contract or applicable regulations. Due 
to the nature of our work under many of our U.S. government contracts, we may experience unforeseen technological difficulties 
and cost overruns. If we are unable to control costs or if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, our profitability could be 
negatively affected, particularly under fixed-price development contracts. We may also experience cost underruns which would 
reduce contract value and related expected revenues, and we may be unable to expand the contract scope or secure additional 
work to offset the resulting lost revenues. Some of our U.S. government contracts have provisions relating to cost controls 
and audit rights and if we fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts it could have a negative impact on our results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our contracts also require us to comply with extensive and evolving procurement 
rules and regulations, which are discussed in more detail below. 

From time to time, we may begin performance under an undefinitized contract award with a not-to-exceed price prior to 
completing  contract  negotiations  in  order  to  support  U.S.  government  priorities.  Uncertainties  in  final  contract  price, 
specifications and terms, or loss of negotiating leverage associated with particularly long delays in contract definitization, 
may negatively affect our profitability.

In addition, we are involved in programs that are classified by the U.S. government which have security requirements that 
place limits on our ability to discuss our performance on these programs, including any risks, disputes and claims.

Our future success depends on our ability to develop new offerings and technologies for our current and future markets.

To continue achievement of our growth strategy, we must successfully develop new offerings and technologies or adapt existing 
offerings and technologies for our current and future markets including new international, civil, and commercial markets. 
Accordingly, our future performance depends on a number of factors, including our ability in current, emerging and future 
growth markets to:

Identify market needs and growth opportunities;
Identify emerging technological and other trends;
Identify additional uses for our existing technology to address customer needs;

– 
– 
– 
–  Develop and maintain competitive products and services;
–  Enhance our offerings by adding innovative features that differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors;
–  Develop, manufacture and bring solutions to market quickly at cost-effective prices;
–  Enhance product designs for export and releasability to international markets; and
–  Effectively structure our businesses to reflect the competitive environment including through the use of joint ventures, 

collaborative agreements and other forms of alliances.

We believe that in order to remain competitive in the future, we will need to continue to invest significant financial resources 
to develop new, and adapt existing, offerings and technologies. We fund this investment through customer funded and internal 
research and development, acquisitions and joint ventures or other teaming arrangements. We believe this investment is needed 
to meet demands and expand in our domestic and international markets, including emerging opportunities within the DoD 
market and the commercial cybersecurity market in which our Forcepoint joint venture competes. Our investments to develop 
new offerings and technologies, or adapt existing offerings and technologies, could divert our attention and resources from 

14

other projects. In addition, we cannot be sure that these investments will ultimately lead to the timely development of new 
offerings and technologies or identification of and expansion into new or growth markets. 

Due to the design complexity of our products, we may experience future delays in completing the development and introduction 
of new products. Any delays could result in increased costs of development or deflect resources from other projects. Further, 
our competitors may develop competing technologies which gain market acceptance in advance of our products. In addition, 
there can be no assurance that: (1) the market for our offerings will develop or continue to expand; (2) we will be successful 
in newly identified markets as we currently anticipate; or (3) the acquisitions, joint ventures or other teaming arrangements 
we may enter into in pursuit of developing new offerings and technologies will be successful. The failure of our technology 
to gain market acceptance could significantly reduce our revenues and harm our business. 

Our existing technology and offerings may become obsolete due to new competitive technology or offerings. If we fail in our 
new product development efforts or our products or services fail to achieve market acceptance faster than our competitors, 
our ability to procure new contracts could be negatively impacted, which would negatively impact our results of operations, 
financial condition and liquidity.

Competition within our markets may reduce our revenues and market share and limit our future market opportunities.

We operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, 
manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do. We anticipate companies continuing to enhance their competitive 
position against us in our core markets as a result of continued domestic and cross-border defense industry consolidation and 
the  expansion  of  competitors’  capabilities  throughout  the  supply  chain  through  vertical  integration. We  are  also  facing 
heightened  competition  in  our  domestic  and  international  markets  from  foreign  and  multinational  firms.  In  addition,  as 
discussed in more detail above, U.S. defense spending and U.S. government procurement strategies may limit our future 
market  opportunities.  For  example,  the  DoD  continues  to  award  contracts  through  competitive  bidding  and  relying  on 
competitive contract award types and bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards are becoming more 
frequent. Generally, a bid protest will delay the start of contract activities, delay earnings, and could result in the award decision 
being overturned and require a re-bid of the contract. Additionally, some customers, including the DoD, are increasingly 
turning to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for information technology and other support 
work. If we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors in our core markets, we 
may experience declines in revenues and market share which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial 
condition and liquidity. 

In addition, our Forcepoint cybersecurity joint venture faces significant competition due to rapid changes in technology, 
products, customer specifications and industry standards. It also has a wide range of market competitors, some that are 
significantly larger with broader product and service offerings or have best-of-breed products and/or maintain stronger customer 
relationships. In order to compete effectively, Forcepoint must successfully execute on its growth strategy, including the 
development of new products and services. If Forcepoint is unable to compete successfully, it may divert financial and 
management resources that would otherwise benefit our other operations.

As  a  U.S.  government  contractor,  we  are  subject  to  extensive  procurement  rules  and  regulations.  Changes  in  rules, 
regulations and business practices could negatively affect current programs and potential awards. Our business could be 
negatively affected if we fail to comply with any procurement rules and regulations.

As a U.S. government contractor, we must comply with specific procurement regulations and other requirements including: 
(1) export-import control; (2) security; (3) contract pricing and cost; (4) contract termination and adjustment; and (5) audit 
and product integrity requirements. These requirements impact our performance and compliance costs. In addition, the U.S. 
government has and may continue to implement initiatives focused on efficiencies, affordability and cost growth and other 
changes to its procurement practices which may negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
This could also affect whether we pursue certain opportunities and the terms under which we are able to pursue them. 

For example, in recent years the DoD has increasingly included contractual payment and cost reimbursement terms such as 
incentive-based contracts that require contractors to share cost overruns and underruns with the U.S. government. 
 

15

In addition, failure to comply with procurement regulations and requirements could result in: (1) reductions in contract value; 
(2) contract modifications or termination; (3) cash withholds on contract payments; (4) forfeiture of profits; and (5) the 
assessment of civil and criminal penalties and fines. Any of these could negatively impact our results of operations, financial 
condition and liquidity. Our failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could also lead to suspension or 
debarment, for cause, from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment 
are violations of various statutes, including those related to: (1) procurement integrity; (2) export control; (3) U.S. government 
security regulations; (4) employment practices; (5) protection of the environment; (6) accuracy of records and the recording 
of costs; and (7) foreign corruption. Penalties or sanctions resulting from any failure to comply with applicable requirements 
could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. This could also have a negative 
impact on our reputation, lead to contract terminations and reduce our ability to procure other U.S. government contracts in 
the future.

Issues with component availability, subcontractor performance or key supplier performance may affect our ability to 
manufacture and deliver our products and services. 
 
We depend on our suppliers delivering materials, and on our subcontractors assembling major components and subsystems 
for our products in a timely and satisfactory manner and in full compliance with applicable terms and conditions. Some 
products require relatively scarce raw materials. We also are subject to specific procurement requirements that limit the types 
of materials we use which may limit the suppliers and subcontractors we may utilize. These procurement requirements include 
restrictions on the use of certain chemicals in the European Union (EU) and requirements for genuine original equipment 
manufacturer parts. As we continue to seek further cost efficiencies throughout our business, we may centralize procurements 
in order to attain better pricing through strategic sourcing, which may increase our dependency on certain suppliers. In some 
instances, we are dependent on sole-source suppliers. If certain component materials are not available or if any of these 
suppliers  or  subcontractors  otherwise  fails  to  meet  our  needs  or  becomes  insolvent,  we  may  not  have  readily  available 
alternatives or alternatives at prices that meet the demands of our customers. We enter into long-term or volume purchase 
agreements with certain suppliers and take other actions, such as accelerating supplier payments commensurate with value 
delivered, to ensure financial viability of our suppliers and the availability of needed materials, components and subsystems. 
However, we cannot be sure that such items will be available at all or in the needed quantities. In addition, some of our suppliers 
or subcontractors may be susceptible to changes in global economic conditions that could impair their ability to meet their 
obligations to us. If we experience a material supplier or subcontractor problem, it could negatively impact our ability to 
satisfactorily and timely complete our customer obligations. This could result in reduced sales, termination of contracts and 
damage to our reputation and relationships with our customers. We could also incur additional costs in addressing this type 
of problem. Any of these events could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
In addition, we must conduct diligence and provide disclosure regarding the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, 
which may impact our procurement practices and increase our costs.

Our international business is subject to geopolitical and economic factors, regulatory requirements and other risks.

Our international business exposes us to geopolitical and economic factors, regulatory requirements, increasing competition 
and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries. These risks differ from and potentially may be greater 
than those associated with our domestic business. In 2017, our sales to customers outside the U.S. (including foreign military 
sales through the U.S. government) accounted for 32% of our total net sales. Our exposure to such risks may increase if our 
international business continues to grow as we anticipate. 
 
Our international business is sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers, which may be driven 
by: (1) changes in threat environments; (2) geopolitical uncertainties; (3) volatility in worldwide economic conditions; and 
(4) various regional and local economic and political factors, including volatility in energy prices, changes in U.S. foreign 
policy, and other risks and uncertainties. Our international sales are subject to U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including 
the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act (FCPA), and other anti-corruption and export laws and regulations. We maintain policies and controls to comply 
with such laws and regulations and exercise oversight of such compliance. However, any failure by us or others working on 
our behalf to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal, civil or administrative penalties including fines, 
suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our ability to export our products. In addition, due to 
the nature of our products, we must obtain licenses and authorizations from various U.S. government agencies before selling 
our products outside of the U.S. The receipt of such approvals may be affected or delayed by geopolitical and other factors. 

16

Moreover, some of our international contracts may be subject to termination for failure to receive such approvals in a timely 
manner. If we are not successful in timely obtaining or maintaining the necessary licenses or authorizations, certain sales may 
be reversed, prevented or delayed. Any significant impairment of our ability to sell products outside of the U.S. could negatively 
impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Our international sales are also subject to local government laws, regulations, and procurement policies and practices which 
may differ from U.S. government regulations. These include regulations relating to export-import control, technology transfer, 
investments, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings. Further, our international sales contracts may be subject to non-
U.S. contract laws and regulations and include contractual terms that differ from those of similar contracts in the U.S. or terms 
that  may  be  interpreted  differently  by  foreign  courts. The  occurrence  of  delays,  cost  overruns  and  product  failures,  or 
technological or other difficulties could affect our ability to perform on our international contracts and negatively affect our 
profitability. In addition, these contracts may be subject to termination for default based on performance or failure to obtain 
U.S. government export approvals. These contracts may also be subject to termination at the customer’s convenience, and 
may be subject to funding risks. In connection with our international business, we also operate subsidiaries domiciled in non-
U.S. locations that are subject to local government laws and regulations which may differ from U.S. government regulations. 
In addition, the timing of orders, customer negotiations, governmental approvals and notifications from our international 
customers can be less predictable than from our domestic customers. This may lead to variations in international bookings 
and sales each year. We must also manage a certain degree of exposure to the risk of currency fluctuations.

Our international business faces substantial competition from both U.S. companies and foreign companies. In some instances, 
foreign companies may be owned by foreign governments or may receive loans, marketing subsidies and other assistance 
from their governments that may not be available to U.S. companies. In addition, foreign companies may be subject to fewer 
restrictions on technology transfer than U.S. companies.

Our international contracts may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific local purchases, manufacturing 
agreements, technology transfer agreements or financial support obligations, sometimes in the form of either offset obligations 
or in-country industrial participation (ICIP) agreements. Approvals of offset or ICIP thresholds and requirements may be 
subjective and time-consuming and may delay contract awards. Offset requirements may, in certain countries, include the 
creation of a joint venture with a local company which may control the venture. This could result in liability for violations of 
law for actions taken by these entities, including laws related to anti-corruption, import and export, or local laws which may 
differ from U.S. laws and requirements. In addition, the ability to recover investments that we make may be dependent upon 
the success of ventures that we do not control. Such offset obligations are generally multi-year arrangements and may provide 
for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements. In addition, certain customers’ demands 
are increasing for greater offset or ICIP commitment levels, higher-value content, including the transfer of technologies and 
capabilities, and local production and economic development. We also are exposed to risks associated with using third-party 
foreign representatives and consultants for international sales, and teaming with international subcontractors, partners and 
suppliers in connection with international programs. As a result of the above factors, we could experience financial penalties 
and award and funding delays on international programs, our profitability on these programs could be negatively affected, 
and we could incur losses on these programs which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and 
liquidity.

We depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such personnel 
could seriously harm our business. 

Due to the specialized nature of our business, our future performance is highly dependent upon the continued services of our 
key technical personnel and executive officers, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new 
qualified technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales and management personnel for our operations. Competition for personnel 
is intense and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. In addition, certain personnel may be 
required to receive various security clearances and substantial training in order to work on certain programs or perform certain 
tasks. Necessary security clearances may be delayed, which may impact our ability to perform on our U.S. government 
contracts. Further, a significant percentage of our current workforce is nearing or eligible for retirement. To the extent that 
we lose experienced personnel, it is critical that we develop other employees, hire new qualified personnel and successfully 
manage the transfer of critical knowledge. Loss of key employees, failure to attract new qualified employees or adequately 
train them, delays in receiving required security clearances, or delays in hiring key personnel could seriously harm our business.

17

Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber attacks and other security breaches and other disruptions. 

As part of our business we face certain security threats including: (1) threats to our information technology infrastructure; (2) 
attempts to gain access to our proprietary, sensitive or classified information; (3) threats to physical security, including our 
facilities and personnel; and (4) threats from terrorism or similar acts. We also face the potential for business disruptions 
associated with natural disasters. Cybersecurity threats in particular are persistent, evolve quickly and include, but are not 
limited to, computer viruses, attempts to access information, denial of service attacks and other electronic security breaches. 
Our information technology networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our 
ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. We have in the past and will in the future continue to be the subject of 
cybersecurity threats. In addition, our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties with whom we do business 
generally face similar security threats and in some cases we must rely on the safeguards put in place by these parties to protect 
against security threats. We believe we have implemented appropriate measures and controls and have invested in significant 
resources  to  appropriately  identify  and  monitor  these  threats  and  mitigate  potential  risks,  including  risks  involving  our 
customers and suppliers. However, there can be no assurance that any such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity 
breaches, disruptions to mission critical systems, the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption of data, or 
harm to facilities or personnel.

As a provider of products and services to government and commercial customers, including through Forcepoint, our products 
and services may be the targets of cyber attacks that attempt to sabotage or otherwise disable them. Our cybersecurity and 
other products and services ultimately may not be able to effectively detect, prevent, or protect against or otherwise mitigate 
customer losses from all cyber attacks. In addition, some products and services that we provide to customers, particularly 
those related to public security, may raise potential liabilities related to privacy and intellectual property.

The impact of these security threats and other disruptions is difficult to predict. Further, our insurance coverage may not be 
adequate to cover all related costs and we may not otherwise be fully indemnified for them. These threats and other events 
could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other third parties. They could 
require significant management attention and resources and could result in the loss of business, regulatory actions and potential 
liability. They could also negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public. Any one of these outcomes 
could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

Our business could be adversely affected by a negative audit or investigatory finding by the U.S. government.

We are subject to audits and investigations by U.S. government agencies including the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA), 
the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA), the Inspectors General of the DoD and other departments and agencies, 
the Government Accountability Office, the Department of Justice (DOJ) and Congressional Committees, in large part because 
we are a government contractor. From time to time, these and other agencies investigate or conduct audits to determine whether 
our operations are being conducted in accordance with applicable requirements. The DCAA and DCMA also review the 
adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies, including our accounting, purchasing, property, 
estimating, earned value management and material management accounting systems. Our final allowable incurred costs for 
each year are subject to audit and have from time to time resulted in disputes between us and the U.S. government. In some 
cases, the DOJ has convened grand juries to investigate possible irregularities in our costs. Any costs found to be improperly 
allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. An adverse outcome of any 
audit or investigation could result in civil and criminal penalties and fines which could negatively impact our results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, if allegations of impropriety were made against us, we could suffer 
serious reputational harm which could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.

We use estimates in accounting for many of our programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future 
financial results. 

Accounting for long-term contracts requires estimates and judgments related to our progress toward completion. Significant 
judgments include potential risks associated with the ability and cost to achieve program schedule, including customer-directed 
delays or reductions in scheduled deliveries, and technical and other specific contract requirements. Due to the size and long-
term nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total revenues and cost at completion is complicated and subject to 
many variables. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding contract revenue and cost (including estimates 
of award fees and penalties), including with respect to: (1) labor productivity and availability; (2) the complexity of the work 

18

to be performed; (3) the availability of materials; (4) the length of time to complete the performance obligation; (5) execution 
by our subcontractors; (6) the availability and timing of funding from our customer; and (7) overhead cost rates, among other 
variables. Because of the significance of management’s judgments and estimation processes described above, it is likely that 
materially different amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to 
change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect our future results of operations 
and financial condition.

For  a  detailed  discussion  of  how  our  financial  statements  can  be  affected  by  contract  accounting  policies,  see  “Critical 
Accounting Estimates” within Item 7 of this Form 10-K.

Significant changes in key estimates and assumptions, such as discount rates and assumed long-term return on plan assets 
(ROA), as well as our actual investment returns on our pension plan assets and other actuarial factors, could affect our 
earnings, equity and pension contributions in future periods. 

We must determine our pension and PRB plans’ expense or income which involves significant judgment, particularly with 
respect to our discount rate, long-term ROA and other actuarial assumptions. The discount rate assumption is set annually and 
we determine on an annual basis whether it is appropriate to change our long-term ROA assumption. These assumptions and 
other actuarial assumptions may change significantly due to changes in economic, legislative, and/or demographic experience 
or circumstances. Changes in our assumptions could result in negative changes to our pension and PRB plans’ expense and 
funded status, and our cash contributions to such plans, which would negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, 
differences between our actual investment returns and our long-term ROA assumption would result in a change to our pension 
and PRB plans’ expense and funded status and our required contributions to the plans. They may also be impacted by changes 
in regulatory, accounting and other requirements applicable to pensions.
 
For a detailed discussion of how our financial statements can be affected by pension and PRB plan accounting policies, see 
“Critical Accounting Estimates” within Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 
If we fail to manage our acquisitions, investments, divestitures, joint ventures and other transactions successfully, these 
activities could adversely affect our future financial results. 
 
In  pursuing  our  business  strategies,  we  continually  review,  evaluate  and  consider  potential  investments,  acquisitions, 
divestitures, joint ventures and other teaming and collaborative arrangements. We undertake to identify opportunities that will 
complement our existing products and services or customer base, as well as expand our offerings and market reach into new 
areas that naturally extend from our core capabilities. In evaluating such transactions, we are required to make difficult 
judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and cost of potential 
liabilities. Further, these transactions involve certain other risks and uncertainties including: (1) the risks involved with entering 
new markets; (2) the difficulty in integrating newly-acquired businesses and managing or monitoring other collaborative 
business arrangements; (3) challenges and failures in achieving strategic objectives and other expected benefits which may 
result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments; (4) unidentified issues not discovered in Raytheon’s 
due diligence; (5) the diversion of our attention and resources from our operations and other initiatives; (6) the potential 
impairment of acquired assets; (7) the performance of underlying products, capabilities or technologies; and (8) the potential 
loss of key employees and customers of acquired businesses. In addition, future transactions may impact our deployment of 
capital, including dividends, stock repurchases, pension contributions, and investments.

Additionally, the joint venture agreement for our Forcepoint cybersecurity joint venture company, of which Raytheon owns 
80.5% and Vista Equity Partners owns 19.5%, provides Vista Equity Partners with certain rights to exit the joint venture, 
including the right to require Raytheon to purchase all of Vista Equity Partners’ interest in Forcepoint and the right to require 
Forcepoint to pursue an initial public offering, as well as certain other protective rights with respect to the management of 
Forcepoint’s business. In addition to the other risks described above, the exercise of any such rights by Vista Equity Partners 
could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, or the management of our business as a 
whole. 

For a more detailed discussion regarding Forcepoint, see “Forcepoint” beginning on page 6 within Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
  

19

Goodwill and other intangible assets represent a significant portion of our assets, and any impairment of these assets could 
negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.

At December 31, 2017, we had goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately $15.6 billion which represented 51%
of our total assets. Our goodwill is subject to an impairment test annually and is also tested whenever events and circumstances 
indicate that goodwill may be impaired. In the event of an impairment any excess goodwill must be written off in the period 
of determination. Intangible assets (other than goodwill) are generally amortized over the useful life of such assets. In addition, 
from time to time, we may acquire or make an investment in a business which will require us to record goodwill and intangible 
assets based on the purchase price and the value of the acquired assets. We may subsequently experience unforeseen events 
that  could  adversely  affect  the  value  of  our  goodwill  or  intangible  assets  and  trigger  an  impairment  evaluation.  Future 
determinations of significant impairments of goodwill or intangible assets as a result of an impairment test or any accelerated 
amortization of other intangible assets could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

For a detailed discussion of how our financial statements can be affected by goodwill accounting policies, see “Critical 
Accounting Estimates” within Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

The outcome of litigation in which we have been named, or may in the future be named, as a defendant is unpredictable, 
and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial 
condition and liquidity.

We are the defendant in a number of litigation matters and are subject to various other claims, demands and investigations. 
In addition, we may be subject to future litigation matters, claims, demands and investigations. These matters may divert 
financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. No assurances can be given that 
the results of these matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution or outcome of any of these lawsuits, claims, demands 
or investigations could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could affect our ability to compete. 
 
We own many U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications, and have rights in unpatented know-how, data, software, 
trademarks and copyrights. The U.S. government has licenses under certain of our patents and certain other intellectual property 
that are developed or used in performance of government contracts. The U.S. government may use or authorize others (including 
our competitors) to use such patents and intellectual property for government and other purposes. The U.S. government may 
challenge the sufficiency of intellectual property rights we have granted in U.S. government contracts and attempt to obtain 
greater rights. There can be no assurance that any of our patents and other intellectual property will not be challenged, 
invalidated, misappropriated or circumvented by third parties and litigation can be costly, even if successful, and can direct 
our attention from other areas of our business. All of the above could diminish the value of our intellectual property, affecting 
our ability to procure future business or maximize the use of our intellectual property to increase our revenue.

In some instances, we have augmented our technology base by licensing the proprietary intellectual property of others. In the 
future, we may not be able to obtain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms. We enter into confidentiality and 
intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees and enter into non-disclosure agreements with our suppliers 
and appropriate customers so as to limit access to and prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
These measures may not suffice to deter misappropriation or third-party development of similar technologies. Intellectual 
property obtained from third parties is also subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation or circumvention by third 
parties. Moreover, the laws concerning intellectual property vary among nations and the protection provided to our intellectual 
property by the laws and courts of foreign nations may differ from those of the U.S. If we are unable to adequately protect 
our intellectual property rights or continue to access licensed technologies, it could have a negative impact on our results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. 

We use hazardous substances and generate hazardous wastes in our manufacturing operations. As a result, we are subject to 
potentially material liabilities related to personal injuries or property damage that may be caused by hazardous substance 
releases and exposures. For example, we are investigating and remediating contamination related to past practices at a number 
of properties and, in some cases, have in the past been named as a defendant in related “toxic tort” claims. 

20

We are also subject to laws and regulations that: (1) impose requirements for the proper management, treatment, storage and 
disposal  of  hazardous  substances  and  wastes;  (2)  restrict  air  and  water  emissions  from  our  operations  (including  U.S. 
government-owned facilities we manage); and (3) require maintenance of a safe workplace. These laws and regulations can 
lead to substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations, and may require the installation of costly equipment or operational 
changes to limit pollution emissions, decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases and/or reduce the 
risks of injury to people in our workplaces. 

Most of the U.S. laws governing environmental matters include criminal provisions. A criminal violation of certain U.S. 
environmental statutes such as the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act could result in suspension, debarment or disqualification 
by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). If we were to be convicted of a criminal violation of certain U.S. federal 
environmental statutes, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could not be used to perform any U.S. government 
contract work until the violation has been corrected and the EPA approves the reinstatement of the facility. 

We incur, and expect to continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with these laws and regulations. In addition, 
new laws and regulations, changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of 
previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new clean-up standards could require us to incur costs in the future 
that would have a negative effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

We face certain significant risk exposures and potential liabilities that may not be adequately covered by indemnity or 
insurance. 

A significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing and manufacturing advanced defense and technology 
systems and products. New technologies may be untested or unproven. In addition, we may incur significant liabilities that 
are unique to our products and services. In some, but not all, circumstances, we may be entitled to indemnification from our 
customers through contractual provisions, and we may obtain limitations of liability and additional defenses for various reasons 
including the qualification of our products and services by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) under the SAFETY 
Act provisions of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. The amount of the insurance coverage we maintain or indemnification 
to which we may be contractually or otherwise entitled may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities. Accordingly, we 
may be forced to bear substantial costs resulting from risks and uncertainties of our business which would negatively impact 
our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining 
our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations where 
the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Further, changes in domestic or foreign income tax laws and regulations, or their 
interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain sales or the 
deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability. We recorded preliminary estimates 
of the impact of the 2017 Act enacted on December 22, 2017 in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (SAB 
118). These estimates are subject to further analysis and review which may result in material adjustments in 2018. In addition, 
we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. The final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be 
materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Additionally, changes in the geographic mix of 
our sales could impact our tax liabilities and affect our income tax expense and profitability.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
 
None.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
We and our subsidiaries operate in a number of plants, laboratories, warehouses and office facilities in the U.S. and abroad.
 
As of December 31, 2017 we owned, leased and/or utilized (through operating agreements) approximately 26 million square 
feet of floor space for manufacturing, engineering, research, administration, sales and warehousing, 92% of which was located 
in the U.S. Of such total, 44% was owned (or held under a long-term ground lease with ownership of the improvements), 50%

21

was leased, and 6% was government owned. In addition to the 26 million square feet of floor space described above, 205,974
square feet of space was leased or subleased by us to unrelated third parties.

There are no major encumbrances on any of our facilities other than financing arrangements, which in the aggregate are not 
material. In the opinion of management, our properties have been well maintained and are suitable and adequate for us to 
operate at present levels, and the productive capacity and extent of utilization of the facilities are appropriate for our existing 
real estate requirements.
 
As of December 31, 2017, our business segments had major operations at the following locations:

– 

– 

Integrated Defense Systems—Huntsville, AL; Fullerton, CA; San Diego, CA; Andover, MA; Billerica, MA; Marlboro, 
MA; Tewksbury, MA; Woburn, MA; Maple Lawn, MD; Portsmouth, RI; Keyport, WA; and Kiel, Germany.
Intelligence, Information and Services—Fullerton, CA; Aurora, CO; Colorado Springs, CO; Indialantic, FL; Orlando, 
FL; Indianapolis, IN; Louisville, KY; Billerica, MA; Burlington, MA; Marlboro, MA; Annapolis Junction, MD; Riverdale, 
MD; Troy, MI; Omaha, NE; Lawton, OK; State College, PA; El Paso, TX; Richardson, TX; Chantilly, VA; Chesapeake, 
VA; Dulles, VA; Herndon, VA; Springfield, VA; and Calgary, Canada.

– 

–  Missile Systems—Huntsville, AL; East Camden, AR; Tucson, AZ; Louisville, KY; Albuquerque, NM; Farmington, NM; 

Dallas, TX; Richardson, TX; Midland, Canada; Glenrothes, Scotland; and Harlow, United Kingdom.
Space and Airborne Systems—El Segundo, CA; Goleta, CA; Sunnyvale, CA; Largo, FL; Fort Wayne, IN; Cambridge, 
MA; Marlboro, MA; Forest, MS; Dallas, TX; and McKinney, TX.

–  Forcepoint—Los Gatos, CA; San Diego, CA; Minneapolis, MN; Austin, TX; Salt Lake City, UT; Herndon, VA; Sydney, 
Australia; Beijing, China; Reading, England; Helsinki, Finland; Chennai, India; Dublin, Ireland; Ra’anana, Israel; and 
Krakow, Poland.

–  Corporate—Billerica, MA; Waltham, MA; Greenville, TX; Richardson, TX; Plano, TX; Arlington, VA; and Dulles, VA.
 
A summary of the space owned, leased and/or utilized by us as of December 31, 2017, by business segment is as follows: 

(In square feet)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Corporate(4)
Total square feet
(1)  Ownership may include either fee ownership of land and improvements or a long-term ground lease with ownership of improvements.
(2)  “Government owned” means space owned by the U.S. or a foreign government utilized by us pursuant to an operating agreement with the U.S. or a 

Leased
1,329,279
4,535,268
2,758,986
3,344,822
503,598
650,195
13,122,148

Owned(1)
3,761,148
496,668
2,585,915
4,187,060
—
329,210
11,360,001

Total(3)
5,220,395
5,239,871
6,567,047
7,531,945
503,598
983,643
26,046,499

Government 
owned(2)
129,968
207,935
1,222,146
63
—
4,238
1,564,350

(3) 
(4) 

foreign government.
Includes 16,301 square feet of vacant space, but excludes 205,974 square feet of space leased or subleased to unrelated third parties. 
Includes business development and Raytheon International, Inc.
 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
We primarily engage in providing products and services under contracts with the U.S. government and, to a lesser degree, 
under direct foreign sales contracts, some of which the U.S. government funds. As a U.S. government contractor, we are 
subject to many levels of audit and investigation by the U.S. government relating to our contract performance and compliance 
with applicable rules and regulations. Agencies that oversee contract performance include: the Defense Contract Audit Agency 
(DCAA); the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA); the Inspectors General of the U.S. Department of Defense 
(DoD) and other departments and agencies; the Government Accountability Office (GAO); the Department of Justice (DOJ); 
and Congressional Committees. Other areas of our business operations may also be subject to audit and investigation by these 
and/or other agencies. From time to time, agencies investigate or conduct audits to determine whether our operations are being 
conducted in accordance with applicable requirements. Such investigations and audits may be initiated due to a number of 
reasons, including as a result of a whistleblower complaint. Such investigations and audits could result in administrative, civil 
or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed upon us, the suspension of government export 
licenses or the suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting. U.S. government investigations often take 

22

years to complete and many result in no adverse action against us. Our final allowable incurred costs for each year are also 
subject to audit and have, from time to time, resulted in disputes between us and the U.S. government, with litigation resulting 
at the Court of Federal Claims (COFC) or the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals (ASBCA) or their related courts of 
appeals. In addition, the DOJ has, from time to time, convened grand juries to investigate possible irregularities by us. We 
also provide products and services to customers outside of the U.S., and those sales are subject to local government laws, 
regulations and procurement policies and practices. Our compliance with such local government regulations or any applicable 
U.S. government regulations (e.g., the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and International Traffic in Arms Regulations 
(ITAR)) may also be investigated or audited. Other than as specifically disclosed in this Form 10-K, we do not expect these 
audits, investigations or disputes to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity, either 
individually or in the aggregate.

In addition, various other claims and legal proceedings generally incidental to the normal course of business are pending or 
threatened against us. We do not expect these proceedings to result in any additional liability that would materially affect our 
financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
Our executive officers are listed below. Each executive officer was elected by our Board of Directors to serve for a term of 
one year and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier removal, resignation or death.

Frank R. Jimenez
Mr. Jimenez has served as Vice President and General Counsel since January 2015 and Corporate Secretary since April 2015. 
Prior to joining Raytheon, Mr. Jimenez served as General Counsel, Secretary and Managing Director, Corporate Affairs of 
Bunge Limited, a leading global agribusiness and food company, from July 2012 to January 2015. From 2011 to 2012, he 
served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Xylem Inc., a global water technology company 
spun off from ITT Corporation in 2011. From 2009 to 2011, he served as Vice President and General Counsel of ITT Corporation. 
From 2006 to 2009, he served as General Counsel of the U.S. Department of the Navy. He previously held a variety of other 
positions in government, including Deputy General Counsel (Legal Counsel) for the U.S. Department of Defense and Chief 
of Staff at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, as well as Deputy Chief of Staff and Acting General 
Counsel to the Governor of Florida. Age 53.

Thomas A. Kennedy
Dr. Kennedy has served as Chairman of the Board since October 2014, Chief Executive Officer since April 2014 and a Director 
since January 2014. From April 2013 to March 2014, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of 
Raytheon Company. From June 2010 to March 2013, he served as Vice President of Raytheon Company and President of the 
Integrated Defense Systems (IDS) business unit. From July 2007 to June 2010, he was Vice President of the Tactical Airborne 
Systems product line within the Space and Airborne Systems (SAS) business unit, and from May 2003 to July 2007, he was 
Vice President of the Mission System Integration product line within SAS. Dr. Kennedy joined Raytheon in 1983 and has 
held positions of increasing responsibility as a new business leader and program manager for several radar and electronic 
warfare systems development programs. Age 62.

Wesley D. Kremer
Mr. Kremer has served as President of the Integrated Defense Systems (IDS) business unit since July 2015 and Vice President 
of Raytheon Company since October 2015. From July 2011 to July 2015, he was Vice President of the Air and Missile Defense 
Systems product line within the Missile Systems (MS) business unit. From May 2010 to July 2011, Mr. Kremer was Director 
of the Standard Missile-3 program, and from June 2008 to May 2010, he was Director of Systems Design and Performance 
Engineering within MS. From December 2006 to June 2008, he was General Manager of the Advanced Products Center within 
the Space and Airborne Systems (SAS) business unit. Prior to joining Raytheon in 2003, Mr. Kremer served 11 years in the 
U.S. Air Force as a weapon systems officer. Age 52.

23

Taylor W. Lawrence
Dr. Lawrence has served as Vice President of Raytheon Company and President of the Missiles Systems (MS) business unit 
since July 2008. Dr. Lawrence joined Raytheon in April 2006 and until July 2008, he served as Vice President, Engineering, 
Technology and Mission Assurance. From August 2001 to April 2006, Dr. Lawrence was sector vice president and general 
manager, C4ISR and Space Sensors Division for Northrop Grumman Electronic Systems. From March 1999 to August 2001, 
Dr. Lawrence was vice president, Products and Technology for Northrop Grumman’s Systems Development and Technology 
Division. Before joining Northrop Grumman, Dr. Lawrence served as the staff director for the Select Committee on Intelligence 
for the U.S. Senate and, previously, as deputy director, Information Systems Office of the Defense Advanced Research Projects 
Agency. Age 54.

Randa G. Newsome
Ms. Newsome has served as Vice President of Human Resources and Global Security since January 2015. From April 2013 
to December 2014, she was Vice President of Human Resources and Security for Raytheon’s Integrated Defense Systems 
(IDS) business unit. From December 2008 to April 2013, she was Vice President of Human Resources and Security for the 
former Technical Services (TS) business unit. From May 2004 to December 2008, Ms. Newsome was Director of Organization 
Performance and Talent Management for the former Intelligence and Information Systems business unit. Ms. Newsome joined 
Raytheon in 2001 as a human resources manager for the former Network Centric Systems business unit, after holding various 
assignments of increasing responsibility at Lockheed Martin Corporation. Age 52.

Anthony F. O’Brien
Mr. O’Brien has served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since March 2015. From March 2008 to March 2015, 
he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Raytheon’s Integrated Defense Systems (IDS) business unit. Mr. O’Brien 
joined Raytheon in 1986 and has held numerous finance positions of increasing responsibility with the Company over the 
course of his 31-year career, including Vice President of Finance and the senior finance executive responsible for Raytheon 
Airline Aviation Services and Raytheon’s International Landed Companies, and Chief Financial Officer for Raytheon Aircraft 
Company. Age 53.

Rebecca R. Rhoads
Ms. Rhoads has served as Vice President of Raytheon Company and President of Global Business Services (GBS) since 
December 2013. From April 2001 to December 2013, she was a Vice President and the Chief Information Officer for Raytheon 
Company. From 1999 to April 2001, she was the Vice President of Information Technology for Raytheon’s former Electronics 
Systems business unit. Ms. Rhoads began her career with General Dynamics as an electrical engineer in 1979, and worked 
in Engineering and Operations holding various assignments of increasing responsibility at General Dynamics, Hughes and 
Raytheon. Age 60.

David C. Wajsgras
Mr. Wajsgras has served as Vice President of Raytheon Company and President of the Intelligence, Information and Services 
(IIS) business unit since March 2015. From March 2006 to March 2015, he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer for Raytheon Company. From August 2005 to March 2006, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer of Lear Corporation, an automotive interior systems and components supplier. From January 2002 to August 2005, 
he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Lear. Mr. Wajsgras joined Lear in September 1999 as Vice 
President and Controller. Age 58.

Michael J. Wood
Mr. Wood has served as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since October 2006. Prior to joining Raytheon, 
Mr. Wood held positions of increasing responsibility over a 16-year career at KPMG LLP, an accounting firm, including as 
an Audit Partner serving various aerospace and defense clients. Age 49.

Richard R. Yuse
Mr. Yuse has served as Vice President of Raytheon Company and President of the Space and Airborne Systems (SAS) business 
unit since March 2010. From May 2007 to March 2010, he was President of the former Technical Services (TS) business unit. 
From March 2007 to May 2007, Mr. Yuse was Vice President and Deputy General Manager of TS, and from January 2006 to 
March 2007, he served as Vice President of the Integrated Air Defense product line of the Integrated Defense Systems (IDS) 
business unit. Mr. Yuse joined Raytheon in 1976 and has held positions of increasing responsibility on a variety of programs 
ranging from system architecture and design to flight test director and program manager. Age 66.

24

PART II
 
ITEM 5.  MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT’S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND 
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
 
At February 12, 2018, there were 21,414 record holders of our common stock. Our common stock is traded on the New York 
Stock Exchange under the symbol “RTN.” For information concerning stock prices and dividends paid during the past two 
years, see “Note 18: Quarterly Operating Results (Unaudited)” within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The information required by 
Item 5 with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is contained in Part III, Item 12 of 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Stock Performance Graph
The following chart compares the total return on a cumulative basis of $100 invested in our common stock on December 31, 
2012 to the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500 Stock Index and the S&P Aerospace & Defense Index.
 
Total Return To Stockholders (Includes reinvestment of dividends)

 
Company/Index
Raytheon Common Stock
S&P 500 Index
S&P Aerospace & Defense Index

Annual Return Percentage

12/31/2013
62.33
32.39
54.92

12/31/2014
21.50
13.69
11.43

Years Ending
12/31/2015
18.02
1.38
5.43

12/31/2016
17.12
11.96
18.90

12/31/2017
34.22
21.83
41.38

 

Company/Index
Raytheon Common Stock
S&P 500 Index
S&P Aerospace & Defense Index

Base Period
12/31/2012
$
100
100
100

Indexed Returns

Years Ending

$

12/31/2013
162.33
132.39
154.92

$

12/31/2014
197.22
150.51
172.63

$

12/31/2015
232.75
152.59
182.01

$

12/31/2016
272.59
170.84
216.42

$

12/31/2017
365.87
208.14
305.97

25

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period
October (October 2, 2017–October 29, 2017)
November (October 30, 2017–November 26, 2017)
December (November 27, 2017–December 31, 2017)
Total
(1) 

Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased (1)
21
316,108
225,323
541,452

Average
Price Paid
per Share
$187.65
183.36
187.63
$185.14

Total Number of
Shares
Purchased as
Part of Publicly
Announced
Plans

— $

314,751
225,323
540,074

 

Approximate Dollar 
Value (in Billions) of 
Shares that May Yet 
Be Purchased 
Under the Plans (2)
0.9
2.9
2.8

Includes shares purchased related to activity under our stock plans. Such activity during the fourth quarter of 2017 includes the surrender by employees 
of 1,378 shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees.
In November 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. Additionally, in November 
2017, our Board authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock.

(2) 

26

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with the information contained in Item 7, 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial 
statements and notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein by reference, in order to 
understand the factors that may affect the comparability of the financial data presented below.
 
FIVE-YEAR STATISTICAL SUMMARY 

(In millions, except per share amounts and total employees)
Results of Operations
Total net sales(1)
Operating income(1)
Interest expense, net
Income from continuing operations(1)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
Net income(1)
Net income attributable to Raytheon Company(1)
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 

attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders(1)
Diluted earnings per share attributable to Raytheon Company 

common stockholders(1)

Average diluted shares outstanding
Financial Position at Year-End
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Total current assets(1)
Property, plant and equipment, net
Total assets(1)
Total current liabilities(1)
Long-term liabilities (excluding debt)(1)
Long-term debt
Redeemable noncontrolling interest
Total equity(1)
Cash Flow and Other Information
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from

2017

 
$25,348
3,318
184
1,999
2
2,001
2,024

$

$

6.94

6.95
291.4

 
$ 3,103
297
11,326
2,439
30,860
7,348
8,287
4,750
512
9,963

 

2016

 
$24,124
3,295
216
2,212
1
2,213
2,244

$

$

7.55

7.55
296.8

 
$ 3,303
100
10,885
2,166
30,238
6,539
7,758
5,335
449
10,157

 

2015

 
$23,321
3,067
222
2,094
13
2,107
2,110

$

$

6.87

6.91
305.2

 
$ 2,328
872
10,023
2,005
29,477
6,275
7,134
5,330
355
10,383

 

2014

 
$22,826
3,179
203
2,193
65
2,258
2,244

$

$

6.97

7.18
312.6

 
$ 3,222
1,497
10,279
1,935
27,716
5,752
6,918
5,325
—
9,721

 

2013

 
$23,706
2,938
198
1,949
64
2,013
1,996

$

$

5.96

6.16
324.2

 
$ 3,296
1,001
9,792
1,937
25,964
5,704
4,329
4,734
—
11,197

 

continuing operations

$ 2,382
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
(473)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
(1,797)
Bookings(1)
22,132
Total backlog(1)
33,685
2.20
Dividends declared per share
63,000
Total employees from continuing operations
(1)  Amounts prior to 2015 do not reflect the impact of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers (Topic 606), in the first quarter of 2017. See “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of this Form 10-K for 
additional information. 

$ 2,852
53
(1,930)
27,809
36,709
2.93
63,000

$ 2,346
(1,744)
(1,509)
25,145
33,839
2.68
61,000

$ 2,064
(1,322)
(936)
24,052
33,571
2.42
61,000

$ 2,747
(817)
(2,116)
27,718
38,210
3.19
64,000

$

$

$

$

$

27

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS
 

Topic
Overview ....................................................................................................................................................................
Financial Summary ....................................................................................................................................................
Critical Accounting Estimates....................................................................................................................................
Accounting Standards ................................................................................................................................................
Consolidated Results of Operations ...........................................................................................................................
Segment Results .........................................................................................................................................................
Financial Condition and Liquidity .............................................................................................................................
Capital Resources.......................................................................................................................................................
Contractual Obligations..............................................................................................................................................
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements...............................................................................................................................
Commitments and Contingencies...............................................................................................................................

Page
28
31
31
39
41
48
65
68
69
69
70

OVERVIEW

Introduction
Raytheon Company develops technologically advanced and integrated products, services and solutions in our core markets: 
integrated air and missile defense; electronic warfare; command, control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, 
surveillance and reconnaissance; space systems; effects; and cyber. We serve both domestic and international customers 
primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers.
 
We operate in five segments: Integrated Defense Systems (IDS); Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS); Missile Systems 
(MS); Space and Airborne Systems (SAS); and Forcepoint. For a more detailed description of our segments, see “Business 
Segments” within Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
 
Business Environment
 
Domestic Considerations
U.S. government sales, excluding foreign military sales, accounted for 67% of our total net sales in 2017. Our principal U.S. 
government customer is the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD).

DoD funding levels, which are subject to budget and appropriation decisions and processes, are difficult to predict beyond 
the near-term. Spending caps on DoD funding imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) have been raised several 
times, most recently by the Bipartisan Budget Act (BBA) of 2015 for fiscal years (FY) 2016 and 2017 and the BBA of 2018 
for FY 2018 and FY 2019. DoD modernization funding, which consists of procurement and research and development, is of 
particular importance to defense contractors. The DoD increased such funding in both FY 2016 and FY 2017, and defense 
spending levels will increase for FY 2018 and FY 2019 as a result of the enactment of the BBA of 2018. To date, the U.S. 
government has not signed a formal appropriation bill into law for FY 2018 and, following two brief government shut-downs, 
Congress has instead passed a Continuing Resolution (CR), under which the DoD is currently operating, through March 23, 
2018. The FY 2019 appropriations process is currently scheduled for completion prior to October 2018. DoD funding levels 
for FY 2020 and FY 2021 remain governed by the BCA. While we expect changes to those funding levels, any such change 
would require Congress to enact legislation.

In addition to the DoD budget considerations discussed above, future domestic defense spending levels are impacted by a 
number of additional factors, including external threats to our national security, funding for on-going operations overseas, the 
priorities of the Administration and the Congress, overall health of the U.S. and world economies, and the state of governmental 
finances. However, we also continue to expect the DoD to continue to prioritize and protect the key capabilities required to 
execute  its  strategy,  including  being  able  to  deter  and  defeat  peer  nation  threats.  Such  capabilities  include  Intelligence, 
Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR), cybersecurity, missile defense, electronic warfare, improved kinetic and non-kinetic 

28

effectors, undersea warfare, space systems, unmanned systems, special operations forces and interoperability with allied forces. 
We believe those priorities are well aligned with our product offerings, technologies, services and capabilities.

We currently are involved in tens of thousands of contracts, with no single contract accounting for more than 5% of our total 
net sales in 2017. Although we believe our diverse portfolio of programs and capabilities is well suited to a changing defense 
environment, we face numerous challenges and risks, as discussed above. For more information on the risks and uncertainties 
that could impact the U.S. government’s demand for our products and services, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Form 10-
K.

International Considerations
In 2017, our sales to customers outside of the U.S. accounted for 32% of our total net sales (including foreign military sales 
through the U.S. government). Internationally, the growing threat of additional terrorist activity, cyber threats, emerging nuclear 
states, long-range missiles and conventional military threats have led to an increase in demand for defense systems and services 
and other security solutions. In North Asia, both short- and long-term regional security concerns are increasing demand for 
air and missile defense, air/naval modernization and maritime security. In the Middle East and North Africa, threats from state 
and  non-state  actors  are  increasing  demand  for  air  and  missile  defense,  air/land/naval  force  modernization,  precision 
engagement, ISR, maritime and border security, and cybersecurity solutions. Given such threat environments, we expect our 
customers to continue to prioritize security investments even if their budgets are impacted by volatile short-term energy prices. 
In Europe, some countries have begun to increase spending in response to geopolitical events and conflicts in Eastern Europe 
and the resulting uncertainty and security threat environment. Based on the foregoing, we expect that European nations will 
continue to seek advanced air and missile defense and other capabilities, including cyber. Overall, we believe many international 
defense budgets have the potential to grow and to do so at a faster rate than the U.S. defense budget. However, international 
demand is sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers and geopolitical uncertainties, which 
may be driven by changes in threat environments, volatility in worldwide economic conditions, regional and local economic 
and political factors, U.S. foreign policy and other risks and uncertainties. For more information on the risks and uncertainties 
that could impact international demand for our products and services, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K.
 
Our Strategy
The following are the broad elements of our strategy:
–  Build upon our areas of strength within our key mission areas;
–  Focus additional resources on emerging opportunities within the DoD market;
–  Engage key countries as individual markets with multiple customers; and
–  Extend Raytheon’s advanced cyber solutions beyond the U.S. government into international and commercial markets.
 
We believe that our broad mix of technologies, domain expertise and key capabilities, our cost-effective, best-value solutions 
and the alignment of these strengths with customer needs position us favorably to grow in our key mission areas of integrated 
air and missile defense; electronic warfare; command, control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, surveillance 
and reconnaissance; space systems; effects; and cyber. Globally, customers are increasingly seeking cost-effective mission 
solutions. These solutions can take the form of new electronics or electronic upgrades, but draw on our market focus area 
capabilities, deep domain expertise and system architecture skills. We continue to explore opportunities to make these affordable 
solutions more readily available to our international customers, including through enhanced design for export and releasability. 
We also continue to make investments to support our strategy, including through acquisitions and research and development.

International Growth—Because of the breadth of our offerings, our systems integration capability, the value of our solutions 
and our strong legacy in the international marketplace, we believe that we are well positioned to continue to grow our 
international business. As discussed above in International Considerations, we believe demand continues to grow for solutions 
in air and missile defense, precision engagement, naval systems integration, ISR and cybersecurity. As a result we continue 
to  enhance  our  focus  on  global  growth  through  increased  investment  in  our  international  business  in  existing  and  new 
international markets. Such investment provides additional resources and capabilities, both in-country and in the U.S., that 
strengthen the Company’s position to pursue both existing and new opportunities. We also continue to adjust our international 
business  activities  to  address  customer  priorities.  For  example,  customer  demands  for  local  economic  development  are 
increasing, and we recently signed a memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia to cooperate on defense-related and 
technology projects and established a Saudi Arabia subsidiary to facilitate in-country work. Similarly, we recently established 
a United Arab Emirates subsidiary to facilitate in-country work. Although we believe our international business is well 
positioned to continue to grow, we recognize that we face substantial competition from both U.S. companies and other 

29

competitors in international markets, as well as the challenges of changing budget priorities, overall spending pressures and 
the timing of contract awards.
 

(In millions)
International sales(1)
International bookings
(1) 

Includes foreign military sales through the U.S. government.

$

2017
8,085
8,479

$

2016
7,616
8,193

$

2015
7,197
8,512

Cyber—We provide cyber capabilities to government customers, including the Intelligence Community, the DoD, other defense 
and civil global customers, as well as embed information assurance capabilities in our products and our information technology 
infrastructure. We also deliver “defense-grade” cybersecurity solutions to commercial markets worldwide through Forcepoint, 
our commercial cybersecurity joint venture with Vista Equity Partners. We believe the commercial and government cyber 
markets continue to represent strong growth markets for Raytheon. We expect to continue to seek opportunities to leverage 
our extensive cyber capabilities and to grow and scale our cyber businesses.

For more information on the Forcepoint joint venture transaction, see “Item 1. Business,” and “Note 12: Forcepoint Joint 
Venture” within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Focus on the Customer and Execution
Our customer focus continues to be a critical part of our strategy—underpinned by a focus on performance, relationships and 
solutions. Performance means being able to meet customer commitments, which is ensured through strong processes, metrics 
and oversight. We maintain a “process architecture” that spans our defense businesses and our broad programs and pursuits. 
It consists of enterprisewide processes and systems such as our Integrated Product Development System (IPDS), which assures 
consistency of evaluation and execution at each step in a program’s life-cycle; Product Data Management (PDM), which is 
our business system software for engineering; Achieving Process Excellence (APEX), which is our SAP business system 
software for accounting, finance and program management; Process Re-Invention Integrating Systems for Manufacturing 
(PRISM), which is our SAP software for manufacturing operations; Advanced Company Estimating System (ACES), which 
is our cost proposal system; and Raytheon Enterprise Supplier Assessment (RESA) tool for Supply Chain Management. These 
processes and systems are linked to an array of front-end and back-end metrics. With this structure, we are able to track results 
and be alerted to potential issues through numerous oversight mechanisms, including operating reviews and annual operating 
plan reviews. 
 
We are also continuing to build strong customer relationships by working with customers as partners and including them on 
Raytheon Six Sigma™ teams to jointly improve their programs and processes. We are increasingly focused on responding to 
our  customers’  changing  requirements  with  rapid  and  effective  solutions  to  real-world  problems.  In  recognition  of  our 
customers’ constraints and priorities, we also continue to drive various cost reductions across the Company by continuing to 
focus on enterprise collaboration and improving productivity and strong execution throughout our programs. We have worked 
to reduce costs across the Company and improve efficiencies in our production facilities, and we continue to increase value 
through Raytheon Six Sigma, the implementation of lean processes, reduced cycle times and strategic supply chain initiatives, 
in addition to other initiatives.

30

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
We use the following key financial performance measures to manage our business on a consolidated basis and by business 
segment, and to monitor and assess our results of operations:
–  Bookings—a forward-looking metric that measures the value of firm orders awarded to us during the year;
–  Net Sales—a growth metric that measures our revenue for the current year;
–  Operating Income—a measure of our profit from continuing operations for the year, before non-operating expenses, net 

and taxes; and

–  Operating Margin—a measure of our operating income as a percentage of total net sales.

(In millions, except percentages)
Bookings
Total backlog
Total net sales
Total operating income(1)
Total operating margin
Operating cash flow from continuing operations
(1) 

2017

$ 27,718
38,210
25,348
3,318
13.1%
2,747

$

2016
27,809
36,709
24,124
3,295
13.7%
2,852

$

$

2015
25,145
33,839
23,321
3,067
13.2%
2,346

$

$

Includes FAS/CAS Adjustment, described below in Critical Accounting Estimates, of $390 million, $435 million and $185 million of income in 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively.

Backlog, which is equivalent to our remaining performance obligations, represents the dollar value of firm orders for which 
work has not been performed. Backlog generally increases with bookings and generally converts into sales as we incur costs 
under the related contractual commitments. Therefore, we discuss changes in backlog, including any individually significant 
cancellations, for each of our segments, as we believe such discussion provides an understanding of the awarded but not 
executed portions of our contracts. Backlog excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering-type 
contracts (e.g., indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity (IDIQ)). Backlog is affected by changes in foreign exchange rates.

In addition, we maintain a strong focus on program execution and the prudent management of capital and investments in order 
to maximize operating income and cash. We pursue a capital deployment strategy that balances funding for growing our 
business, including: (1) capital expenditures, acquisitions and research and development; (2) prudently managing our balance 
sheet, including debt repayments and pension contributions; and (3) returning cash to our shareholders, including dividend 
payments and share repurchases.

We also focus on earnings per share (EPS) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness 
of our use of capital, such as free cash flow (FCF) and return on invested capital (ROIC), both of which are not defined 
measurements under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP) and may be calculated differently by other 
companies.
 
Considered together, we believe these metrics are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create 
shareholder value. We feel these measures are balanced among long-term and short-term performance, efficiency and growth. 
We also use these and other performance metrics for executive compensation purposes.
 
A discussion of our results of operations and financial condition follows below in Consolidated Results of Operations; Segment 
Results; Financial Condition and Liquidity; and Capital Resources.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
Our consolidated financial statements are based on the application of U.S. GAAP, which require us to make estimates and 
assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying 
notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty; therefore, the determination of estimates requires 
the exercise of judgment. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and any such differences may be material to our 
consolidated financial statements. We believe the estimates set forth below may involve a higher degree of judgment and 
complexity in their application than our other accounting estimates and represent the critical accounting estimates used in the 
preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We believe our judgments related to these accounting estimates are 
appropriate. However, if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different from 
the amounts recorded.
 

31

Revenue Recognition
Effective January 1, 2017, we elected to early adopt the requirements of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, Revenue 
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). For additional information on the new standard and the impact to our results of 
operations, refer to Accounting Standards below.

We determine the appropriate revenue recognition for our contracts with customers by analyzing the type, terms and conditions 
of  each  contract  or  arrangement  with  a  customer. We  classify  contract  revenues  as  product  or  service  according  to  the 
predominant attributes of the relevant underlying contracts unless the contract can clearly be split between product and service. 
We define service revenue as revenue from activities that are not associated with the design, development or production of 
tangible assets, the delivery of software code or a specific capability. Our service revenue is primarily related to our IIS business 
segment.

The following provides additional information about our contracts with customers, the judgments we make in accounting for 
those contracts, and the resulting amounts recognized in our financial statements.

Accounting for long-term contracts for complex aerospace or defense equipment (or related services)—To determine the 
proper revenue recognition method for contracts for complex aerospace or defense equipment or related services, we evaluate 
whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one single contract and whether the combined or 
single contract should be accounted for as more than one performance obligation. This evaluation requires significant judgment 
and the decision to combine a group of contracts or separate the combined or single contract into multiple performance 
obligations could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. For most of our contracts, the customer 
contracts with us to provide a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project 
or capability (even if that single project results in the delivery of multiple units). Hence, the entire contract is accounted for 
as one performance obligation. Less commonly, however, we may promise to provide distinct goods or services within a 
contract,  for  example  when  a  contract  covers  multiple  phases  of  the  product  lifecycle  (e.g.,  development,  production, 
maintenance and support), in which case we separate the contract into more than one performance obligation. If a contract is 
separated into more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation 
in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each 
performance obligation. We infrequently sell standard products with observable standalone sales. In cases where we do, the 
observable standalone sales are used to determine the standalone selling price. More frequently, we sell a customized customer 
specific solution, and in these cases we typically use the expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone 
selling price of each performance obligation.

We account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, 
payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. For certain 
contracts that meet the foregoing requirements, primarily international direct commercial sale contracts, we are required to 
obtain certain regulatory approvals. In these cases, we recognize revenue based on the likelihood of obtaining timely regulatory 
approvals based upon all known facts and circumstances.

We generally recognize revenue over time as we perform because of continuous transfer of control to the customer. For U.S. 
government contracts, this continuous transfer of control to the customer is supported by clauses in the contract that allow 
the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience, pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit and take 
control of any work in process. Similarly, for non-U.S. government contracts, the customer typically controls the work in 
process as evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment for work performed to date plus a 
reasonable profit to deliver products or services that do not have an alternative use to the Company.
 
Because of control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the 
performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based 
on the nature of the products or services to be provided. We generally use the cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts 
because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-
to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to 
date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, 
are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. The majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to 
produce products or perform services under contracts with the U.S. government, as determined under the Federal Acquisition 
Regulation (FAR). The FAR provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods and 

32

services under U.S. government contracts. Costs to fulfill include labor, materials and subcontractors’ costs, other direct costs 
and an allocation of indirect costs including pension and any other postretirement benefit (PRB) expense under U.S. government 
Cost Accounting Standards (CAS).

Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of our performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue 
and cost at completion (the process described below in more detail) is complex, subject to many variables and requires 
significant judgment. It is common for our long-term contracts to contain award fees, incentive fees, or other provisions that 
can either increase or decrease the transaction price. These variable amounts generally are awarded upon achievement of 
certain performance metrics, program milestones or cost targets and can be based upon customer discretion. We estimate 
variable consideration at the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled. We include estimated amounts in the 
transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when 
the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination 
of  whether  to  include  estimated  amounts  in  the  transaction  price  are  based  largely  on  an  assessment  of  our  anticipated 
performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us.

Contracts  are  often  modified  to  account  for  changes  in  contract  specifications  and  requirements.  We  consider  contract 
modifications to exist when the modification either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. 
Most of our contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant 
integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. 
The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price and our measure of progress for the performance obligation to 
which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative 
catch-up basis. 

We have a companywide standard and disciplined quarterly Estimate at Completion (EAC) process in which management 
reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations. As part of this process, management reviews information 
including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program 
schedule,  identified  risks  and  opportunities  and  the  related  changes  in  estimates  of  revenues  and  costs.  The  risks  and 
opportunities include management’s judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the schedule (e.g., the number and type 
of milestone events), technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product) and other contract 
requirements. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and availability, the complexity 
of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, the length of time to complete the performance obligation (e.g., to 
estimate increases in wages and prices for materials and related support cost allocations), execution by our subcontractors, 
the availability and timing of funding from our customer and overhead cost rates, among other variables. These estimates also 
include the estimated cost of satisfying our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset obligations 
or in-country industrial participation (ICIP) agreements, required under certain contracts. These obligations may or may not 
be distinct depending on their nature. 

Based on this analysis, any quarterly adjustments to net sales, cost of sales and the related impact to operating income are 
recognized as necessary in the period they become known. These adjustments may result from positive program performance, 
and may result in an increase in operating income during the performance of individual performance obligations, if we determine 
we will be successful in mitigating risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of those performance obligations 
or realizing related opportunities. Likewise, these adjustments may result in a decrease in operating income if we determine 
we will not be successful in mitigating these risks or realizing related opportunities. Changes in estimates of net sales, cost 
of sales and the related impact to operating income are recognized quarterly on a cumulative catch-up basis, which recognizes 
in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a performance obligation’s 
percentage of completion. A significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of one or more 
of our performance obligations. When estimates of total costs to be incurred exceed total estimates of revenue to be earned 
on a performance obligation related to complex aerospace or defense equipment or related services, or product maintenance 
or separately priced extended warranty, a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation is recognized in the period 
the loss is recorded.

33

Net EAC adjustments had the following impact on our operating results:

(In millions, except per share amounts)
Operating income
Income from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company
Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company

$

$

2017
442
287
0.98

$

$

2016
418
283
0.95

$

$

2015
392
255
0.84

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits (PRB) Costs
We have pension plans covering the majority of our employees hired prior to January 1, 2007, including certain employees 
in  foreign  countries.  We  must  calculate  our  pension  and  PRB  costs  under  both  Financial Accounting  Standards  (FAS) 
requirements under U.S. GAAP and CAS requirements. The requirements under FAS and CAS differ, and both calculations 
require judgment. U.S. GAAP outlines the methodology used to determine pension and PRB expense or income for financial 
reporting purposes. CAS prescribes the allocation to and recovery of pension and PRB costs on U.S. government contracts. 
The CAS requirements for pension and PRB costs and its calculation methodology differ from the FAS requirements and 
calculation methodology. As a result, while both CAS and FAS use long-term assumptions in their calculation methodologies, 
each method results in different calculated amounts of pension and PRB cost. In addition, we are subject to the funding 
requirements under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (PPA), which amended the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974 (ERISA). Under the PPA, we are required to fully fund our pension plans over a rolling seven-year period as 
determined annually based upon the PPA calculated funded status at the beginning of each year. The funding requirements 
are primarily based on the year’s expected service cost and amortization of other previously unfunded liabilities. Due to the 
differences in requirements and calculation methodologies, our FAS pension expense or income is not indicative of the PPA 
funding requirements. 

The results of each segment only include pension and PRB expense as determined under CAS. The difference between our 
pension and PRB expense under FAS and our pension and PRB expense under CAS is the FAS/CAS Adjustment and is reported 
as a separate line in our segment results. The FAS/CAS Adjustment effectively increases or decreases the amount of total 
pension expense in our results of operations so that such amount is equal to the FAS expense amount under U.S. GAAP. This 
resulted in $390 million, $435 million and $185 million of income in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, reflected in our 
consolidated results of operations.

On December 27, 2011, the CAS Pension Harmonization Rule (CAS Harmonization) was published in the Federal Register. 
The rule was intended to improve the alignment of the pension cost recovered through contract pricing under CAS and the 
pension funding requirements under the PPA. The rule shortened the CAS amortization period for gains and losses from 15 
to 10 years and requires the use of a discount rate based on high quality corporate bonds, consistent with PPA, to measure 
liabilities in determining the CAS pension expense. CAS Harmonization increases pension costs under CAS. The related FAS/
CAS Pension Adjustment results in an increase to income in 2014 and beyond, primarily due to the CAS Harmonization 
transition phase in of 0% in 2013, 25% in 2014, 50% in 2015, 75% in 2016 and 100% in 2017.

Due to the low interest rate environment, Congress provided for temporary pension funding relief through a provision in the 
Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2012 (STE Act). The provision was extended through 2020 by the Highway and 
Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (HATFA) and the Bipartisan Budget Act (BBA) of 2015. The provision adjusts the 24-
month average high quality corporate bond rates used to determine the PPA funded status so that they are within a floor and 
cap, or “corridor,” based on the 25-year average of corporate bond rates. Beginning in 2020, the provision is gradually phased 
out. This provision impacts CAS expense as well because CAS Harmonization incorporates the PPA interest rate into CAS 
calculations. The BBA of 2015 also increases the insurance premiums that we are required to pay the Pension Benefit Guarantee 
Corporation (PBGC). However, we do not expect the increases to have a material effect on our financial position, results of 
operations or liquidity.

The assumptions in the calculations of our pension FAS expense and CAS expense, which involve significant judgment, are 
described below.
 
FAS Expense—Our long-term return on plan assets (ROA) and discount rate assumptions are the key variables in determining 
pension expense or income and the funded status of our pension plans under U.S. GAAP.
 

34

The long-term ROA represents the average rate of earnings expected over the long term on the assets invested to provide for 
anticipated future benefit payment obligations. The long-term ROA used to calculate net periodic pension cost is set annually 
at the beginning of each year. Given the long-term nature of the ROA assumption, which we believe should not be solely 
reactive to short-term market conditions that may not persist, we expect the long-term ROA to remain unchanged unless there 
are significant changes in our investment strategy, the underlying economic assumptions or other major factors. 

To establish our long-term ROA assumption we employ a “building block” approach. We then annually consider whether it 
is appropriate to change our long-term ROA assumption by reviewing the existing assumption against a statistically determined 
reasonable range of outcomes. The building block approach and the reasonable range of outcomes are based upon our asset 
allocation assumptions and long-term capital market assumptions. Such assumptions incorporate the economic outlook for 
various asset classes over short- and long-term periods and also take into consideration other factors, including historical 
market performance, inflation and interest rates.

Actuarial Standard of Practice No. 27, Selection of Economic Assumptions for Measuring Pension Obligations (ASOP 27) 
requires the selection of a reasonable long-term ROA assumption that considers multiple criteria including the purposes of 
measurement, the actuary’s professional judgment, historical and current economic data and estimates of future experience 
and has no significant bias. We evaluate our long-term ROA assumption against a reasonable range of possible outcomes 
which we define as between the 35th to 65th percentile likelihood of achieving a long-term return over future years. We believe 
that validating our ROA assumption within this reasonable range ensures an unbiased result while also ensuring that the ROA 
assumption is not solely reactive to short-term market conditions that may not persist, and is consistent with external actuarial 
practices. 

The reasonable range of long-term returns that was used to validate the long-term ROA assumption for the calculation of the 
net periodic benefit cost for 2017, 2016 and 2015, is shown below. 

Percentile
35th
65th

2017
5.82%
7.96%

2016
6.09%
8.16%

2015
6.37%
8.37%

2015 ROA Assumption—In the fourth quarter of 2014, we reduced our long-term target allocation for equities and increased 
our target allocation for fixed income within the investment policy allocations established by our Investment Committee in 
order to reduce the overall exposure to equity volatility. This change in asset allocation reduced the range of reasonable 
outcomes that we use to evaluate our long-term ROA assumption and we determined that the historical assumption of 8.75% 
no longer fell within this range. As a result, we employed a building block approach to develop our 2015 long-term ROA 
assumption. Under this building block method, the overall expected investment return equals the weighted-average of the 
individual expected return for each asset class based on the target asset allocation and the long-term capital market assumptions. 
The expected return for each asset class is composed of inflation plus a risk-free rate of return, plus an expected risk premium 
for that asset class. The resulting return is then adjusted for administrative, investment management and trading expenses as 
well as recognition of excess returns, also known as alpha, for active management. The building block approach resulted in 
a long-term ROA assumption of 8.0% for 2015. To validate this assumption we compared the result against the reasonable 
range of outcomes and confirmed that the 8.0% result fell between the 55th and 60th percentiles of the reasonable range for 
2015 with the 50th percentile at 7.37%. In addition, when we updated our target asset allocation and our long-term ROA 
assumption changed from 8.75% to 8.0%, we assessed what our historical asset performance may have been since 1986 using 
the updated target allocation and concluded the average return would likely have been equal to or greater than 8.0% for the 
time period from 1986 through 2014.

Based upon our application of the building block approach and our review of the resulting assumption against the 35th to 65th 
percentile reasonable range and an analysis of our historical results, we established a 2015 long-term domestic ROA assumption 
of 8.0% for purposes of determining the net periodic benefit cost for 2015 and determined that the assumption is reasonable 
and consistent with the provisions of ASOP 27. 

2016 ROA Assumption—The long-term domestic ROA of 8.0% fell between the 60th and 65th percentiles of the applicable 
reasonable range for 2016. The 50th percentile of this reasonable range was 7.12%. 

35

2017 ROA Assumption—At year end 2016, we determined that the 8.0% long-term ROA assumption no longer fell within 
the range of reasonable outcomes, driven primarily by the current outlook on economic assumptions used to develop the 
reasonable range. As a result, we employed the building block approach described above to develop our 2017 long-term ROA 
assumption.  The  building  block  approach  resulted  in  a  long-term  ROA  assumption  of  7.5%  for  2017.  To  validate  this 
assumption, we compared the result against the reasonable range of outcomes and confirmed that the 7.5% fell between the 
55th and 60th percentile of the reasonable range for 2017 with the 50th percentile at 6.89%. 

Based upon our application of the building block approach and our review of the resulting assumption against the 35th to 65th 
percentile reasonable range and an analysis of our historical results, we established a 2017 long-term ROA domestic assumption 
of 7.5% for purposes of determining the net periodic benefit cost for 2017 and determined that the assumption is reasonable 
and consistent with the provisions of ASOP 27.

2018 ROA Assumption—The long-term domestic ROA of 7.5% fell between the 60th and 65th percentiles of the applicable 
reasonable range for 2018. The 50th percentile of this reasonable range was 6.74%.

Once our long-term ROA has been determined to be within the 35th to 65th percentile range of results, we review historical 
averages and patterns of returns to confirm the reasonableness of our long-term ROA assumption compared to past results. 
While history is not solely indicative of future market expectations, it does provide insight into general historical trends and 
long-term asset performance. Our average annual actual rate of return from 1986 to 2017 of 8.97%, determined on an arithmetic 
basis, exceeds our estimated 7.5% assumed return. Arithmetic annual averages represent the simple average returns over 
independent annual periods, whereas geometric returns reflect the compound average returns of dependent annual periods. 
The average annual actual return on a geometric basis for the same period was 8.33%. In addition, the actual annual returns 
have exceeded our long-term ROA assumption of 7.5% in five of the past ten years. 

If we significantly change our long-term investment allocation or strategy, or if there is a significant change in the economic 
assumptions, then our long-term ROA assumption could change in the future.

Our domestic pension plans’ actual rates of return were approximately 15%, 6% and 0% for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The difference between the actual rate of return and our long-term ROA assumption is included in deferred gains and losses.

The investment policy asset allocation ranges for our domestic pension plans, as set by our Investment Committee, for the 
year ended December 31, 2017 were as follows: 

Asset Category
Global equity (combined U.S. and international equity)

U.S. equities
International equities

Fixed-income securities
Cash and cash equivalents
Private equity and private real estate
Real assets
Other (including absolute return funds)

 

 
 
 
 

 

30%-60%
20%-35%
10%-25%
20%-45%
0%-10%
10%-20%
0%-4%
5%-15%

 
Our long-term ROA assumptions for foreign pension plans are based on the asset allocations and the economic environment 
prevailing in the locations where the pension plans reside. Foreign pension assets do not make up a significant portion of the 
total assets for all of our pension plans.

The discount rate represents the interest rate that should be used to determine the present value of future cash flows currently 
expected to be required to settle our pension and PRB obligations. The discount rate assumption is determined by using a 
theoretical bond portfolio model consisting of bonds rated AA or better by Moody’s Investors Service for which the timing 
and amount of cash flows approximate the estimated benefit payments for each of our pension plans. The discount rate 
assumption for our domestic pension plans at December 31, 2017 is 3.72%, which represents a weighted-average discount 
rate across our plans, compared to the December 31, 2016 discount rate of 4.36%.

36

CAS Expense—In addition to providing the methodology for calculating pension costs, CAS also prescribes the method for 
assigning those costs to specific periods. While the ultimate liability for pension costs under FAS and CAS is similar, the 
pattern of cost recognition is different. The key drivers of CAS pension expense include the funded status and the method 
used to calculate CAS reimbursement for each of our plans. Under the prior CAS rules, the discount rate used to measure 
liabilities was required to be consistent with the long-term ROA assumption, which generally changes infrequently given its 
long-term nature. In addition to certain other changes, CAS Harmonization requires contractors to compare the liability under 
the prior CAS methodology and assumptions to a liability using a discount rate based on high-quality corporate bonds, and 
use the greater of the two liability calculations in developing CAS expense. In addition, unlike FAS, we can only allocate 
pension costs for a plan under CAS until such plan is fully funded as determined under CAS requirements. When the estimated 
future CAS pension costs increase, the estimated CAS cost allocated to our contracts in the future increases.

Other FAS and CAS Considerations—An increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption would have 
had the following approximate impacts on 2017 FAS pension results:

(In millions)
Impact of change in discount rate on net periodic benefit cost
Impact of change in discount rate on benefit obligations

Increase
$

(63)
(783)

Decrease
67
$
854

Changes in the high-quality corporate bond rate assumption could impact the CAS discount rate for purposes of determining 
CAS pension expense due to CAS Harmonization. However in 2017, the CAS pension expense was not impacted by this 
assumption due to the passage of the HATFA and the BBA of 2015 which extended the provisions of pension funding relief 
as described above. The discount rate assumption could impact CAS pension expense in future periods depending upon the 
interest rate and regulatory environments.

An increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the long-term ROA assumption would have had the following approximate 
impacts on 2017 FAS and CAS pension results:

(In millions)
FAS expense
CAS expense

Increase
$

(45)
9

Decrease
45
$
(9)

The net impact to the 2017 FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment would be $54 million. In addition to this impact, a portion of the 
$9 million change in CAS pension expense would also be allocated to fixed-price contracts in backlog and would either 
increase or decrease the profit rate on those contracts at the time of such a change (i.e., a change in the long-term ROA 
assumption on January 1, 2017 would drive a change in estimated costs in EACs and related contract profit rates as of December 
31, 2016). The contract impact resulting from the change in CAS pension expense is difficult to estimate because remaining 
performance periods can vary, the amount and timing of expected new awards (i.e., the proposals expected to be awarded in 
the year which will bear their allocated portion of the change in CAS pension expense), and our mix of fixed-price and cost 
reimbursable contracts can change. Based on our contract profile at December 31, 2016, if we had 56% of our backlog in 
fixed-price contracts, and they were on average 50% complete, with our actual new award profile for 2017, a 25 basis point 
change in our long-term ROA assumption at January 1, 2017 would drive $2 million of aggregate total EAC adjustments at 
December 31, 2016. In addition, our fixed-price contracts in backlog as of December 31, 2016 would have a lower profit rate 
in 2017, resulting in $1 million impact as costs are incurred in that year on those contracts. The total impact on 2016 would 
be $2 million driven by the aggregate EAC adjustments and the total impact on 2017 would be approximately $53 million 
(the FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment and the lower profit rate impact in 2017 on fixed-price contracts in backlog at December 
31,  2016). A  change  in  our  long-term  ROA  assumption  would  be  subject  to  review  by  our  government  customer  for 
reasonableness. Given our history of recovering changes to CAS pension expense, we expect the assumption change would 
be allocable and allowable, per regulatory guidelines, as long as the assumption is reasonable. 

The impact of changing our long-term ROA for our domestic pension plans from 8.75% to 8.0% in 2015 increased our FAS 
expense by $140 million, increased our CAS expense by $40 million and decreased our FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment to 
income by $100 million in 2015. The impact of changing our long-term ROA for our domestic pension plans from 8.0% to 
7.5% in 2017 increased our FAS expense by $87 million, decreased our CAS expense by $18 million and decreased our FAS/
CAS Pension Adjustment to income by $105 million in 2017. The CAS impact is primarily driven by whether the pre-CAS 
Harmonization methodology applies, which uses a discount rate based on the long-term ROA assumption, or the post-CAS 

37

Harmonization methodology applies, which uses a discount rate based on high-quality corporate bond rates. The actual CAS 
impact is not linear and can vary significantly from the theoretical impact described above because it relies on the actual 
change in the long-term ROA and the corresponding relationship between the long-term ROA, which is used under the pre-
CAS  Harmonization  methodology,  and  the  high-quality  corporate  bond  rates,  which  are  used  under  the  post-CAS 
Harmonization methodology. In addition, the timing of the change relative to the transition period for CAS Harmonization 
affects the CAS impact. The $40 million increase in our CAS expense in 2015 was included in our EACs and did not have a 
significant impact on our 2014 results based on our overall ending overhead positions. The $18 million decrease in our CAS 
expense in 2017 was included in our EACs and did not have a significant impact on our 2016 results based on our overall 
ending overhead positions.

In accordance with both FAS and CAS, a calculated “market-related value” of our plan assets is used to develop the amount 
of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. The market-related value of assets is determined using actual asset gains or 
losses over a certain prior period (three years for FAS and five years for CAS, subject to certain limitations under CAS on the 
difference between the market-related value and actual market value of assets). Because of this difference in the number of 
years over which actual asset gains or losses are recognized and subsequently amortized, FAS expense generally tends to 
reflect recent asset gains or losses faster than CAS. Another driver of CAS expense (but not FAS expense) is the funded status 
of our pension plans under CAS. As noted above, CAS expense is only recognized for plans that are not fully funded; 
consequently, if plans become or cease to be fully funded under CAS due to our asset or liability experience, our CAS expense 
will change accordingly.

Under FAS, a “corridor” approach may be elected and applied in the recognition of asset and liability gains or losses which 
limits expense recognition to the net outstanding gains and losses in excess of the greater of 10% of the projected benefit 
obligation (PBO) or the calculated “market-related value” of assets. We do not use a “corridor” approach in the calculation 
of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension expense. 

Our pension and PRB plans’ investments are stated at fair value. Investments in equity securities (common and preferred) are 
valued at the last reported sales price when an active market exists. Investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued 
using methods based upon market transactions for comparable securities and various relationships between securities which 
are generally recognized by institutional traders. Investments in private equity funds, private real estate funds, and other 
commingled funds are estimated at fair market value which primarily utilizes net asset values reported by the investment 
manager or fund administrator. We review additional valuation and pricing information from the fund managers, including 
audited financial statements, to evaluate the net asset values. 

The change in accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) related to pension and PRB plans was as follows:

(In millions)
Beginning balance
Amortization of net losses included in net income
Gain (loss) arising during the period
Ending balance

2017
(11,115)
1,191
(1,842)
(11,766)

$

$

2016
(10,912)
1,006
(1,209)
(11,115)

2015
(11,437)
1,135
(610)
(10,912)

$

$

$

$

The balance in AOCL related to our pension and PRB plans is composed primarily of differences between changes in discount 
rates, differences between actual and expected asset returns, differences between actual and assumed demographic experience, 
and changes in plan provisions. Changes to our pension and PRB obligation as a result of these variables are initially reflected 
in other comprehensive income. The deferred gains and losses are amortized and included in future pension expense over the 
average employee service period of approximately nine years at December 31, 2017. The $1.8 billion in 2017 losses arising 
during the period were driven primarily by the decrease in the discount rate from 4.36% at December 31, 2016 to 3.72% at 
December 31, 2017, which had an impact of approximately $2.1 billion, as well as other actuarial factors, partially offset by 
actual returns, which were higher than our expected return and had an impact of approximately $1.3 billion. 

The $1.2 billion in 2016 losses arising during the period were driven primarily by the decrease in the discount rate from 4.47%
at December 31, 2015 to 4.36% at December 31, 2016, which had an impact of approximately $0.5 billion, and actual returns, 
which were lower than our expected return, and had an impact of approximately $0.4 billion, as well as other actuarial factors. 

38

The $0.6 billion in 2015 losses arising during the period were driven primarily by actual returns, which were lower than our 
expected return and had an impact of approximately $1.6 billion, as well as other actuarial factors, partially offset by the 
increase in the discount rate from 4.08% at December 31, 2014 to 4.47% at December 31, 2015, which had an impact of 
approximately $1.2 billion.

Goodwill
We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter and in any interim period in 
which circumstances arise that indicate our goodwill may be impaired. Indicators of impairment include, but are not limited 
to, the loss of significant business, significant decreases in federal government appropriations or funding for our contracts, or 
other significant adverse changes in industry or market conditions. No events occurred during the periods presented that 
indicated the existence of an impairment with respect to our goodwill. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using 
a discounted cash flow (DCF) model based on our most recent long-range plan in place at the time of our impairment testing, 
and compare the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its net book value, including goodwill. We discount the cash 
flow forecasts using the weighted-average cost of capital method at the date of evaluation. The weighted-average cost of 
capital is comprised of the estimated required rate of return on equity, based on publicly available data for peer companies 
plus an equity risk premium related to specific company risk factors, and the after tax rate of return on debt, each weighted 
at the relative values of the estimated debt and equity for the industry. Preparation of forecasts for use in the long-range plan 
and the selection of the discount rate involve significant judgments that we base primarily on existing firm orders, expected 
future orders, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements and general market conditions. Significant changes in these forecasts 
or the discount rate selected could affect the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units and could result in a 
goodwill impairment charge in a future period. When available and as appropriate, we also use comparative market multiples 
to corroborate our DCF model results. There was no indication of goodwill impairment as a result of our 2017 annual impairment 
analysis, as the fair values of each of our reporting units exceeded their respective net book values, including goodwill. 

Based on our 2017 impairment analysis the reporting unit that was closest to impairment was the Forcepoint reporting unit, 
which had a fair value in excess of net book value, including goodwill, of approximately 30%. All other factors equal, a 10% 
decrease in expected future cash flows for our Forcepoint reporting unit would result in an excess of fair value over net book 
value of approximately 15%. Alternatively, all other factors being equal, a 100 basis points increase in the discount rate used 
in the calculation of the fair value of our Forcepoint reporting unit would also result in an excess of fair value over net book 
value of approximately 20%. Based on our 2017 impairment analysis of the other reporting units, the reporting unit that was 
closest to impairment had a fair value in excess of net book value, including goodwill, of approximately 145%. If we are 
required to record an impairment charge in the future, it could materially affect our results of operations.

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
(Topic 606), which replaces numerous requirements in U.S. GAAP, including industry-specific requirements, and provides 
companies with a single revenue recognition model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle 
of the new standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers 
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 
The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted 
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.

39

Effective January 1, 2017, we elected to early adopt the requirements of Topic 606 using the full retrospective method, where 
the standard was applied to each prior reporting period presented and the cumulative effect of applying the standard was 
recognized at January 1, 2015. The impact to our fiscal quarters and year-ended 2016 and year-ended 2015 income from 
continuing operations after taxes, net income and basic and diluted EPS was as follows: 

(In millions, except per share amounts)
Income from continuing operations

after taxes
Net income

Basic EPS attributable to Raytheon
Company common stockholders:

Income from continuing operations

after taxes
Net income

Diluted EPS attributable to Raytheon

Company common stockholders:

Income from continuing operations

after taxes
Net income

Three Months Ended

Twelve Months Ended

Dec 31, 2016 Oct 2, 2016

Jul 3, 2016 Apr 3, 2016 Dec 31, 2016 Dec 31, 2015

$

$

$

$

$

$

12
12

0.04
0.04

0.03
0.04

$

$

$

18
18

0.05
0.05

0.05
0.05

$

$

$

9
9

0.02
0.02

0.03
0.03

— $
—

 

— $
—

— $
—

$

 

$

$

39
39

0.10
0.11

0.11
0.11

40
40

0.12
0.11

0.12
0.11

In addition, the cumulative impact to our retained earnings at January 1, 2015 was $13 million. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee 
Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amended the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions to require 
recognition of the tax effects resulting from the settlement of stock-based awards as income tax expense or benefit in the 
income statement in the reporting period in which they occur. In addition, the ASU required that all tax-related cash flows 
resulting from share-based payments, including the excess tax benefits related to the settlement of stock-based awards, be 
classified as cash flows from operating activities in the statement of cash flows. The ASU also required that cash paid by 
directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes be classified as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows. 
In addition, the ASU allowed companies to make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that 
are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur. The new standard was effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt the requirements of the amended 
standard in the first quarter of 2016. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we adopted the amendment requiring recognition of 
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement prospectively beginning in the first quarter of 2016, which 
could result in fluctuations in our effective tax rate period over period depending on how many awards vest in a quarter as 
well as the volatility of our stock price. In 2017 and 2016, the impact to our income statement was $36 million and $47 million, 
respectively, included in federal and foreign income taxes. In addition, we elected to adopt the amendment related to the 
presentation of excess tax benefits within operating activities on the statement of cash flows prospectively beginning in the 
first quarter of 2016. We had previously classified cash paid for tax withholding purposes as a financing activity in the statement 
of cash flows, therefore there is no change related to this requirement. Furthermore, we elected to change our accounting 
policy to account for forfeitures when they occur for consistency with our government recovery accounting practices on a 
modified retrospective basis. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts 
and Cash Payments. This ASU is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the 
statement of cash flows by providing guidance on eight specific cash flow issues, including requirements that cash payments 
for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs be classified as cash outflows for financing activities and proceeds from 
the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies be classified as cash inflows from investing activities. The provisions 
of ASU 2016-15 are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We elected to early 
adopt the requirements of the new standard in the first quarter of 2017 using the retrospective transition method, as required 
by the new standard. The adoption of this ASU had an immaterial impact to our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

40

In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash, which requires 
that restricted cash be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period 
total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The provisions of ASU 2016-18 are effective for years beginning after 
December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt the requirements of the new standard in the first 
quarter of 2017 using the retrospective transition method, as required by the new standard. The adoption of this ASU had an 
immaterial impact to our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated 
balance sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016, that sum to the total of such amounts in the consolidated statements of cash 
flows: 

(In millions)
Cash and cash equivalents
Restricted cash
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash

flows

2017
3,103
12

3,115

$

$

2016
3,303
—

3,303

$

$

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset 
and lease liability for most lease arrangements. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after 
December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted, and must be adopted using the modified retrospective approach. We intend 
to adopt the standard on the effective date of January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential changes from this 
ASU to our future financial reporting and disclosures and designing and implementing related processes and controls. We 
expect the standard to have an impact of approximately $1 billion on our assets and liabilities for the addition of right-of-use 
assets and lease liabilities, but we do not expect it to have a material impact to our results of operations or liquidity. 

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715), which changes certain 
presentation and disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension and PRB plans. This requires 
the service cost component of the net benefit cost to be in the same line item as other compensation in operating income and 
the other components of net benefit cost to be presented outside of operating income on a retrospective basis. In addition, 
only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization when applicable, on a prospective basis. The provisions of 
ASU 2017-07 are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2017. We will adopt the requirements of the new standard 
in the first quarter of 2018 on a retrospective basis for the presentation of the service cost component in operating expenses, 
and the other components of the net benefit cost in other pension expense within non-operating (income) expense, net. We 
expect the standard to increase 2017 and 2016 operating income due to the removal of the non-service component of FAS 
pension expense by $913 million and $601 million, respectively, and to decrease non-operating income by the same amount 
with zero impact to net income in both periods. We do not expect any of the remaining provisions of the standard to have a 
material impact on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

Other new pronouncements issued but not effective until after December 31, 2017 are not expected to have a material impact 
on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Total Net Sales
The composition of external net sales by products and services for each segment in 2017 was approximately the following:

IIS
(% of segment total external net sales)
Products(1)
45%
55%
Services
(1)   Products net sales includes software related sales, including software subscriptions.

IDS
90%
10%

MS
95%
5%

SAS
100%
—%

Forcepoint

90%
10%

41

 
(In millions, except percentages)
Net sales

Products
Services
Total net sales

 

2017

 
$ 21,416
3,932
$ 25,348

 

2016

 
$ 20,309
3,815
$ 24,124

 

% of Total Net Sales

2015

2017

2016

2015

 
$ 19,623
3,698
$ 23,321

 

 

 

84.5%
84.2%
15.5%
15.8%
100.0% 100.0%

84.1%
15.9%
100.0%

Total Net Sales - 2017 vs. 2016—The increase in total net sales of $1,224 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to higher external net sales of $681 million at MS primarily due to higher net sales on the Paveway program principally 
driven by international requirements, higher net sales on the Standard Missile-3 (SM-3) program principally driven by planned 
increases in production, higher net sales on the Standard Missile-2 (SM-2) program due to the recognition of previously 
deferred precontract costs based on a contract award in the second quarter of 2017 and planned increases in production, and 
higher net sales on the Excalibur program due to recognition of previously deferred precontract costs based on a contract 
award in the third quarter of 2017, partially offset by lower net sales on the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (EKV) program due 
to a planned decline in production.
 
Products and Services Net Sales - 2017 vs. 2016—The increase in products net sales of $1,107 million in 2017 compared to 
2016 was primarily due to higher external products net sales of $593 million at MS primarily due to the programs discussed 
above. The increase in services net sales of $117 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to higher external 
services net sales of $89 million at IIS and $88 million at MS, partially offset by lower external services net sales of $37 
million at IDS. The increase in external services net sales at IIS was spread across numerous programs with no individual or 
common significant driver. The increase in external services net sales at MS was driven principally by higher services net 
sales on certain classified programs and on a land warfare systems program primarily due to planned increases in engineering 
activity. The decrease in external services net sales at IDS was primarily driven by lower services net sales on a joint battle 
field sensor program that substantially completed in 2016 and lower activity on a radar sustainment program for the Missile 
Defense Agency (MDA).

Total Net Sales - 2016 vs. 2015—The increase in total net sales of $803 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due 
to higher external net sales of $548 million at MS and $359 million at SAS, partially offset by lower external net sales of $324 
million at IDS. The increase in external net sales at MS was primarily due to higher net sales on the Paveway program 
principally driven by international requirements. The increase in external net sales at SAS was primarily due to higher net 
sales on classified programs, including an international classified program awarded in the first quarter of 2016. The decrease
in external net sales at IDS was primarily due to lower net sales on our missile defense radar production programs, lower net 
sales on an international communications program and lower net sales on the Air Warfare Destroyer (AWD) program, all due 
to the scheduled completion of certain production phases on these programs.

Products and Services Net Sales - 2016 vs. 2015—The increase in products net sales of $686 million in 2016 compared to 
2015 was primarily due to higher external products net sales of $533 million at MS and $474 million at SAS, partially offset 
by lower external products net sales of $394 million at IDS. The increase in external products net sales at MS and SAS was 
primarily due to the programs discussed above. The decrease in external products net sales at IDS was primarily due to the 
programs discussed above. The increase in services net sales of $117 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to 
higher external services net sales of $116 million at IIS and $70 million at IDS, partially offset by lower external services net 
sales of $115 million at SAS. The increase in external services net sales at IIS was spread across numerous programs with no 
individual or common significant driver. The increase in external services net sales at IDS was driven principally by higher 
services net sales on radar sustainment programs for the MDA and various Patriot support programs. The decrease in external 
services net sales at SAS was primarily due to lower services net sales on classified programs.

42

Sales to Major Customers

(In millions, except percentages)
Sales to the U.S. government(1)(2)
U.S. direct commercial sales and other U.S.

sales

Foreign military sales through the U.S.

government

Foreign direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)

2017
$ 16,860

2016
$ 16,083

2015
$ 15,788

403

3,311

425

2,899

336

2,812

4,774
$ 25,348

4,717
$ 24,124

4,385
$ 23,321

% of Total Net Sales

2017
67%

2%

13%

19%
100%

2016
67%

2%

12%

20%
100%

2015
68%

1%

12%

19%
100%

Total net sales
(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government.
(2) 

Includes sales to the DoD of $16,152 million, or 64% of total net sales, in 2017, $15,340 million, or 64% of total net sales, in 2016 and $14,891 million, 
or 64% of total net sales, in 2015.

 
As described above in Domestic Considerations, U.S. defense spending levels are difficult to predict due to numerous factors, 
including U.S. government budget appropriation decisions, geopolitical events and macroeconomic conditions.

Total Cost of Sales
Cost of sales, for both products and services, consists of labor, materials and subcontractors costs, as well as related allocated 
costs. For each of our contracts, we manage the nature and amount of direct costs at the contract level, and manage indirect 
costs through cost pools as required by government accounting regulations. The estimate of the actual amount of direct and 
indirect costs forms the basis for estimating our total costs at completion of the contract. 

 
(In millions, except percentages)
Cost of sales
Products
Services

Total cost of sales

 

2017

$ 15,872
3,204
$ 19,076

 

2016

 
$ 14,853
3,112
$ 17,965

 

% of Total Net Sales

2015

2017

2016

2015

 
$ 14,563
3,045
$ 17,608

 

 

 

62.6%
12.6%
75.3%

61.6%
12.9%
74.5%

62.4%
13.1%
75.5%

Total Cost of Sales - 2017 vs. 2016—The increase in total cost of sales of $1,111 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was 
primarily due to higher external cost of sales at MS and IDS. The increase in external cost of sales at MS was driven principally 
by the activity on the programs described above in Total Net Sales. The increase in external cost of sales at IDS was principally 
driven by higher external cost of sales on an international early warning radar program awarded in the first quarter of 2017 
and the tax-free gain of $158 million from the sale of our equity method investment in Thales-Raytheon Systems Company 
S.A.S. (TRS SAS) in the second quarter of 2016, partially offset by lower external cost of sales on certain international Patriot 
programs due to the scheduled completion of certain production phases of the programs.

Products and Services Cost of Sales - 2017 vs. 2016—The increase in products cost of sales of $1,019 million in 2017 compared 
to 2016 was primarily due to higher external products cost of sales at MS and IDS both driven principally by the activity 
described above in Total Net Sales. The increase in services cost of sales of $92 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to higher external services cost of sales at MS and IIS, partially offset by lower external services cost of sales at IDS. The 
increase in external services cost of sales at MS was driven principally by the programs described above in Total Net Sales. 
The increase in external services cost of sales at IIS was spread across numerous programs with no individual or common 
significant driver. The decrease in external services cost of sales at IDS was driven principally by the programs described 
above in Total Net Sales.

Total Cost of Sales - 2016 vs. 2015—The increase in total cost of sales of $357 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily 
due to higher external cost of sales at MS, SAS and IIS, partially offset by lower external cost of sales at IDS and lower 
expense related to the FAS/CAS Adjustment as described below in Segment Results beginning on page 48. The increases in 
external cost of sales at MS and SAS were driven principally by the activity on the programs described above in Total Net 
Sales. The increase in external cost of sales at IIS was driven principally by a $181 million impact from the eBorders settlement 

43

in 2015. The decrease in external cost of sales at IDS was principally driven by the tax-free gain of $158 million from the sale 
of our equity method investment in TRS SAS in the second quarter of 2016, and the programs described above in Total Net 
Sales.

Products and Services Cost of Sales - 2016 vs. 2015—The increase in products cost of sales of $290 million in 2016 compared 
to 2015 was primarily due to higher external products cost of sales at SAS and MS, partially offset by lower external products 
cost of sales at IDS and lower expense related to the FAS/CAS Adjustment as described below in Segment Results beginning 
on page 48. The increases in external products cost of sales at SAS and MS were driven principally by the activity on the 
programs described above in Total Net Sales. The decrease in external products cost of sales at IDS was primarily due to the 
programs described above in Total Net Sales. The increase in services cost of sales of $67 million in 2016 compared to 2015 
was primarily due to higher external services cost of sales at IIS and IDS, partially offset by lower external services cost of 
sales at SAS all of which were driven principally by the programs described above in Total Net Sales.

General and Administrative Expenses

 
(In millions, except percentages)
Administrative and selling expenses
Research and development expenses
Total general and administrative expenses

 

$

$

2017
2,220
734
2,954

 

$

$

2016
2,109
755
2,864

 

$

$

2015
1,940
706
2,646

% of Total Net Sales

2017
8.8%
2.9%
11.7%

2016
8.7%
3.1%
11.9%

2015
8.3%
3.0%
11.3%

The increase in administrative and selling expenses of $111 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily driven by a $58 
million increase at Forcepoint principally driven by higher costs for the sales organization due to increased salesforce staffing 
and higher amortization of deferred commissions.

The increase in administrative and selling expenses of $169 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily driven by an 
$89 million increase in selling and marketing expenses at Forcepoint principally driven by our acquisitions of Websense, Inc. 
(Websense) in the second quarter of 2015 and Stonesoft in the first quarter of 2016. Included in administrative and selling 
expenses in 2015 was $26 million of Websense transaction and integration-related costs recorded at Corporate as described 
below in Segment Results beginning on page 48. 

Included in administrative and selling expenses is the provision for state income taxes, which generally can be recovered 
through the pricing of products and services to the U.S. government. Net state income taxes allocated to our contracts were 
$32 million, $26 million and $28 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The decrease in research and development expenses of $21 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to lower 
research and development expenses of $25 million at MS driven principally by lower independent research and development 
activity related to advanced technologies efforts that substantially completed in 2016, partially offset by higher research and 
development expenses of $15 million at Forcepoint principally driven by the Skyfence acquisition in the first quarter of 2017, 
with the remaining change spread across numerous items.

The increase in research and development expenses of $49 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to increased 
research and development expenses of $41 million at Forcepoint driven by our acquisitions of Websense in the second quarter 
of 2015 and Stonesoft in the first quarter of 2016.

Total Operating Expenses

 
(In millions, except percentages)
Total operating expenses

 

 

 

% of Total Net Sales

2017
$ 22,030

2016
$ 20,829

2015
$ 20,254

2017
86.9%

2016
86.3%

2015
86.8%

The increase in total operating expenses of $1,201 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the increase in 
total cost of sales of $1,111 million, the primary drivers of which are described above in Total Cost of Sales.
 

44

The increase in total operating expenses of $575 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the increase in total 
cost of sales of $357 million, the primary drivers of which are described above in Total Cost of Sales.

Operating Income

 
(In millions, except percentages)
Operating income

 

$

2017
3,318

 

$

2016
3,295

 

$

% of Total Net Sales

2015
3,067

2017
13.1%

2016
13.7%

2015
13.2%

The increase in operating income of $23 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was due to the increase in total net sales of $1,224 
million, the primary drivers of which are described above in Total Net Sales, partially offset by the increase in total operating 
expenses of $1,201 million, the primary drivers of which are described above in Total Operating Expenses. Included in total 
operating expenses in 2016 was the tax-free gain of $158 million from the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS 
in the second quarter of 2016. 

The increase in operating income of $228 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was due to the increase in total net sales of $803 
million, the primary drivers of which are described above in Total Net Sales, partially offset by the increase in total operating 
expenses of $575 million, the primary drivers of which are described above in Total Operating Expenses. Included in total 
operating expenses in 2016 was the tax-free gain of $158 million from the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS 
in the second quarter of 2016. Included in total operating expenses in 2015 was the $181 million reduction to cost of sales 
from the eBorders settlement in the first quarter of 2015.

Total Non-Operating (Income) Expense, Net

(In millions)
Non-operating (income) expense, net

Interest expense
Interest income
Other expense (income), net

Total non-operating (income) expense, net

2017

2016

2015

 
$

$

 
$

$

205
(21)
21
205

 
$

$

232
(16)
(6)
210

233
(11)
4
226

Total non-operating (income) expense, net in 2017 was relatively consistent with 2016. Included in the change of total non-
operating (income) expense, net was a decrease in interest expense of $27 million due to the repurchase of long-term debt in 
the second quarter of 2017. Also included in the change of total non-operating (income) expense, net was an increase in other 
expense (income), net of $27 million primarily due to the $39 million pretax charge associated with the make-whole provision 
on the early repurchase of long-term debt in the second quarter of 2017, partially offset by a $13 million change in the mark-
to-market  of  marketable  securities  held  in  trust  associated  with  certain  of  our  non-qualified  deferred  compensation  and 
employee benefit plans, due to net gains of $21 million in 2017 compared to net gains of $8 million in 2016.

The decrease in total non-operating (income) expense, net, of $16 million in 2016 compared to 2015, was primarily due to a 
$9 million change in the mark-to-market of marketable securities held in trust associated with certain of our non-qualified 
deferred compensation and employee benefit plans, due to net gains of $8 million in 2016 compared to net losses of $1 million 
in 2015.

Federal and Foreign Income Taxes
On December 22, 2017, the President signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (2017 Act) which enacts a wide range of changes to 
the U.S. corporate income tax system. The 2017 Act reduces the U.S. corporate tax rate to 21% effective in 2018, broadens 
the tax base and changes rules for expensing and capitalizing business expenditures, establishes a territorial tax system for 
foreign earnings as well as a minimum tax on certain foreign earnings, provides for a one-time transition tax on previously 
undistributed foreign earnings, and introduces new rules for the treatment of certain export sales. 

45

At December 31, 2017, we have not completed our accounting for the tax effects of enactment of the 2017 Act; however, in 
certain cases, as described below, we have made a reasonable estimate of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances and 
the one-time transition tax. For the items for which we were able to determine a reasonable estimate, we recognized a provisional 
amount of $171 million in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (SAB 118), which is included as a component 
of income tax expense from continuing operations.

(In millions)
Federal and foreign income taxes

2017
1,114

$

$

2016
873

$

2015
747

The increase in federal and foreign income taxes of $241 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the effects 
of the enactment of the 2017 Act, as discussed above.

The increase in federal and foreign income taxes of $126 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase 
in operating income.

Our effective tax rate, which is used to determine federal and foreign income tax expense, differed from the U.S. statutory 
rate due to the following:

Statutory tax rate
Research and development tax credit
Tax settlements and refund claims
Domestic manufacturing deduction benefit
Foreign income tax rate differential
Equity compensation
TRS tax-free gain
Remeasurement of deferred taxes
One-time transition tax on previously undistributed foreign earnings
Other items, net
Effective tax rate

2017
35.0%
(1.5)
—
(2.5)
0.2
(1.2)
—
3.2
2.3
0.3
35.8%

2016
35.0%
(1.3)
—
(2.7)
—
(1.6)
(1.8)
—
—
0.7
28.3%

2015
35.0%
(1.2)
(3.2)
(3.1)
(1.4)
—
—
—
—
0.2
26.3%

Our effective tax rate reflects the 35% U.S. statutory rate adjusted for various permanent differences between book and tax 
reporting. In December 2017, we adjusted our deferred tax balances that we expect to realize on or after January 1, 2018 to 
reflect the new 21% U.S. corporate income tax rate applicable under the 2017 Act. We also recorded the impact of the one-
time transition tax on previously undistributed foreign earnings.

As noted above, amounts recorded to reflect the impacts of the 2017 Act are provisional in nature and represent what we 
believe are reasonable estimates. In the near term, we expect the changes in the 2017 Act to reduce our effective tax rate to 
below 21%. We continue to prepare, review and assess certain information and perform analyses related to the 2017 Act. A 
more detailed discussion on the effects of the 2017 Act is provided in “Note 16: Income Taxes” within Item 8 of this Form 
10-K.

In December 2015, U.S. legislation was enacted to permanently reinstate the Research and Development tax credit (R&D tax 
credit) which had expired December 31, 2014. In 2017, 2016 and 2015 we recorded a full year benefit of approximately $46 
million, $41 million and $33 million related to the 2017, 2016 and 2015 R&D tax credits, respectively.

Our effective tax rate in 2017 was higher than the statutory federal tax rate primarily due to the remeasurement of deferred 
tax balances, which increased the rate by approximately 3.2% and the one-time transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings, 
which increased the rate by 2.3%. Items which decreased our effective tax rate were the domestic manufacturing deduction, 
which decreased the rate by approximately 2.5%, the R&D tax credit, which decreased the rate by approximately 1.5% and 
the tax benefit recognized upon settlement of stock-based awards, which decreased the rate by 1.2%. The remaining increase 
of 0.5% is composed of various unrelated items, which individually or collectively are not significant.

46

Our effective tax rate in 2016 was lower than the statutory federal tax rate primarily due to the domestic manufacturing 
deduction, which decreased the rate by approximately 2.7%, the tax-free gain related to the sale of our equity method investment 
in TRS SAS as described in above in Total Cost of Sales, which decreased the rate by 1.8%, the tax benefit recognized upon 
settlement of stock-based awards due to the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock-based compensation in the 
first quarter of 2016 as discussed further in “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of this Form 
10-K, which decreased the rate by 1.6%, and the R&D tax credit, which decreased the rate by approximately 1.3%. The 
remaining increase of 0.7% is composed of various unrelated items, which individually or collectively are not significant.

Our effective tax rate in 2015 was lower than the statutory federal tax rate primarily due to tax settlements and refunds, which 
decreased the rate by approximately 3.2%, the domestic manufacturing deduction, which decreased the rate by approximately 
3.1%, the foreign rate differential, which decreased the rate by 1.4% and was primarily driven by the tax impact of the eBorders 
settlement, and the R&D tax credit, which decreased the rate by approximately 1.2%.The remaining increase of 0.2% is 
composed of various unrelated items, which individually or collectively are not significant.

Our effective tax rate in 2017 was 7.5% higher than in 2016 primarily due to the remeasurement of deferred tax balances, 
which increased the rate by approximately 3.2%, the one-time transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings, which increased 
the rate by 2.3% and the tax-free gain related to the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS as discussed above, 
which decreased the 2016 rate by 1.8%. The remaining increase of 0.2% is composed of various unrelated items, which 
individually or collectively are not significant.

Our effective tax rate in 2016 was 2.0% higher than in 2015 primarily due to tax settlements in 2015, which decreased the 
2015 rate by 3.2% and the foreign rate differential, primarily driven by the e-Borders settlement in 2015, which decreased the 
2015 rate by 1.4%, partially offset by the tax-free gain related to the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS as 
discussed above, which decreased the rate by 1.8% and the tax benefit recognized upon settlement of stock-based awards as 
discussed above, which decreased the rate by 1.6%. The remaining increase of 0.8% is composed of various unrelated items, 
which individually or collectively are not significant.

Income from Continuing Operations

(In millions)
Income from continuing operations

2017
1,999

$

2016
2,212

$

2015
2,094

$

The decrease in income from continuing operations of $213 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the $241 
million increase in federal and foreign income taxes, described above in Federal and Foreign Income Taxes, partially offset 
by the $23 million increase in operating income, described above in Operating Income.

The increase in income from continuing operations of $118 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the $228 
million increase in operating income, described above in Operating Income, partially offset by the $126 million increase in 
federal and foreign income taxes, described above in Federal and Foreign Income Taxes.
 
Net Income

(In millions)
Net income

2017
2,001

$

2016
2,213

$

2015
2,107

$

The decrease in net income of $212 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the decrease in income from 
continuing operations of $213 million described above in Income from Continuing Operations.

The increase in net income of $106 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was due to the increase in income from continuing 
operations of $118 million described above in Income from Continuing Operations.

47

Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations Attributable to Raytheon Company Common Stockholders

(In millions, except per share amounts)
Income from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company
Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding
Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company

2017
2,022
291.4
6.94

$

$

2016
2,243
296.8
7.55

$

$

2015
2,097
305.2
6.87

$

$

The decrease in diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders of $0.61
in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the decrease in income from continuing operations described above in Income 
from Continuing Operations, partially offset by a decrease in weighted-average shares outstanding, which was driven by the 
common stock share activity shown in the table below. Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon 
Company common stockholders was reduced by $0.01 in 2016 for the impact of our redeemable noncontrolling interest 
redemption value adjustments, as discussed in “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of this 
Form 10-K.

The increase in diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders of $0.68 in 
2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the increase in income from continuing operations described above in Income 
from Continuing Operations and a decrease in weighted-average shares outstanding, which was driven by the common stock 
share activity shown in the table below. Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company common 
stockholders  was  reduced  by  $0.01  in  2016  for  the  impact  of  our  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest  redemption  value 
adjustments, as discussed in “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Our common stock share activity for the years ended 2017, 2016, and 2015 was as follows:

(Shares in millions)
Beginning balance
Stock plans activity
Share repurchases
Ending balance

Diluted EPS Attributable to Raytheon Company Common Stockholders

(In millions, except per share amounts)
Net income attributable to Raytheon Company
Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding
Diluted EPS attributable to Raytheon Company

2017
292.8
1.1
(5.5)
288.4

2016
299.0
1.5
(7.7)
292.8

2015
307.3
1.6
(9.9)
299.0

2017
2,024
291.4
6.95

$

$

2016
2,244
296.8
7.55

$

$

2015
2,110
305.2
6.91

$

$

The decrease in diluted EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders of $0.60 in 2017 compared to 2016
was primarily due to the $0.61 decrease in diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company common 
stockholders described above in Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations Attributable to Raytheon Company Common 
Stockholders.

The increase in diluted EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders of $0.64 in 2016 compared to 2015 was 
primarily due to the $0.68 increase in diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company common 
stockholders described above in Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations Attributable to Raytheon Company Common 
Stockholders.

SEGMENT RESULTS
We report our results in the following segments: IDS; IIS; MS; SAS; and Forcepoint. 

As previously announced, effective January 1, 2017, we elected to early adopt the requirements of Topic 606 using the full 
retrospective method as discussed in “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of this Form 10-
K. The amounts and presentation of our business segments, including corporate and eliminations for intersegment activity, 
set forth in this Form 10-K reflect these changes. 

48

The following provides some context for viewing our segment performance through the eyes of management. 
 
Given the nature of our business, bookings, total net sales and operating income (and the related operating margin percentage), 
which we disclose and discuss at the segment level, are most relevant to an understanding of management’s view of our 
segment performance, and often these measures have significant interrelated effects, as described below. In addition, we 
disclose and discuss backlog, which represents future sales that we expect to recognize over the remaining contract period, 
which is generally several years. We also disclose total operating expenses and the components of total operating expenses 
within our segment disclosures. 
 
Bookings—We disclose the amount of bookings and notable contract awards for each segment. Bookings generally represent 
the dollar value of new external contracts awarded to us during the reporting period and include firm orders for which funding 
has not been appropriated. We believe bookings are an important measure of future performance and are an indicator of 
potential future changes in total net sales, because we cannot record revenues under a new contract without first having a 
booking in the current or a preceding period. 

Bookings are impacted by the timing and amounts of awards in a given period, which are subject to numerous factors, including: 
(1) the desired capability by the customer and urgency of customer needs; (2) customer budgets and other fiscal constraints; 
(3)  political  and  economic  and  other  environmental  factors;  (4)  the  timing  of  customer  negotiations;  (5)  the  timing  of 
governmental approvals and notifications; and (6) the timing of option exercises or increases in scope.

Bookings (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Total

$

2017
4,934
6,615
9,672
5,907
590
$ 27,718

$

2016
5,377
5,563
7,894
8,414
561
$ 27,809

$

2015
6,389
5,319
8,149
4,936
352
$ 25,145

Included in bookings were international bookings of $8,479 million, $8,193 million and $8,512 million in 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively, which included foreign military bookings through the U.S. government. International bookings amounted 
to 31%, 29% and 34% of total bookings in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Classified bookings amounted to 17%, 20%, 
and 15% of total bookings in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 
We record bookings for not-to-exceed contract awards (e.g., undefinitized contract awards, binding letter agreements) based 
on reasonable estimates of the expected contract definitization. We subsequently adjust bookings to reflect the actual amounts 
definitized, or prior to definitization when facts and circumstances indicate that our previously estimated amounts are no 
longer reasonable. The timing of awards that may cover multiple fiscal years influences the size of bookings in each year. 
Bookings exclude unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering-type contracts (e.g., indefinite-delivery, 
indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) type contracts), and are reduced for contract cancellations and terminations of bookings recognized 
in the current year. We reflect contract cancellations and terminations from prior year bookings, as well as the impact of 
changes in foreign exchange rates, directly as an adjustment to backlog in the period in which the cancellation or termination 
occurs  and  the  impact  is  determinable.  Contract  cancellations  and  terminations  include  contract  underruns  on  cost-type 
programs.

Backlog—We disclose period-end backlog for each segment. Backlog, which is equivalent to our remaining performance 
obligations, represents the dollar value of firm orders for which work has not been performed. Backlog generally increases 
with bookings and generally converts into sales as we incur costs under the related contractual commitments. Therefore, we 
discuss changes in backlog, including any individually significant cancellations, for each of our segments, as we believe such 
discussion provides an understanding of the awarded but not executed portions of our contracts. Backlog excludes unexercised 
contract options and potential orders under ordering-type contracts (e.g., indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity (IDIQ)). 
Backlog is affected by changes in foreign exchange rates.  

49

Backlog (in millions) at December 31
2015
$ 10,460
Integrated Defense Systems
5,867
Intelligence, Information and Services
10,801
Missile Systems
6,260
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint(1)
451
Total(2)
$ 33,839
(1)   Forcepoint backlog excludes the unfavorable impact of $12 million, $45 million and $86 million at December 31, 2017, December 31, 2016 and 

2017
9,186
6,503
13,426
8,611
484
$ 38,210

2016
$ 10,159
5,662
11,568
8,834
486
$ 36,709

$

December 31, 2015, respectively, related to the acquisition accounting adjustments to record acquired deferred revenue at fair value.

(2)   Included in the change in backlog at December 31, 2017 compared to December 31, 2016 and at December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015

was backlog adjustments of $0.8 billion and $0.7 billion, respectively, primarily related to contract underruns and contract deobligations.

 
Total Net Sales—We generally express changes in total net sales in terms of volume. Volume generally refers to increases or 
decreases in revenues related to varying amounts of total operating expenses, which are comprised of cost of sales and general 
and administrative expenses, which include administrative and selling expenses (including bid and proposal costs) and research 
and development expenses, incurred on individual contracts (i.e., from performance against contractual commitments on our 
bookings related to engineering, production or service activity). Therefore, we discuss volume changes attributable principally 
to individual programs or product lines unless there is a discrete event (e.g., a major contract termination, natural disaster or 
major labor strike), or some other unusual item that has a material effect on changes in a segment’s volume for a reported 
period. Due to the nature of our contracts, the amount of costs incurred and related revenues will naturally fluctuate over the 
lives of our contracts. As a result, in any reporting period, the changes in volume on numerous contracts are likely to be due 
to normal fluctuations in our engineering, production or service activities. 

Total net sales by segment were as follows: 

$

Total Net Sales (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Eliminations

2015
5,848
6,137
6,569
5,814
344
(1,330)
23,382
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments(1)
(61)
$ 23,321
Total
(1)   Acquisition accounting adjustments include the adjustments to record acquired deferred revenue at fair value as part of our purchase price allocation 

2017
5,804
6,177
7,787
6,430
608
(1,423)
25,383
(35)
$ 25,348

2016
5,529
6,169
7,096
6,182
586
(1,361)
24,201
(77)
$ 24,124

Total business segment sales

$

$

process and the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to historical acquisitions.

Total Operating Expenses—We generally disclose operating expenses for each segment in terms of the following: (1) cost of 
sales—labor; (2) cost of sales—materials and subcontractors; and (3) other costs of sales and other operating expenses. Included 
in cost of sales—labor is the incurred direct labor costs associated with the performance of contracts in the current period and 
any applicable overhead and fringe costs. Included in cost of sales—materials and subcontractors is the incurred direct materials 
costs, subcontractor costs (which could include effort performed by other Raytheon segments or locations) and applicable 
overhead allocations in the current period. Included in other cost of sales and other operating expenses is other direct costs 
not captured in labor or material and subcontractor costs, such as precontract costs previously deferred, applicable overhead 
allocations, general and administrative expenses, which include administrative and selling expenses (including bid and proposal 
costs)  and  research  and  development  expenses,  other  direct  costs  (such  as  ancillary  services  and  travel  expenses)  and 
adjustments for loss contracts. 

Operating Income (and the related operating margin percentage)—We generally express changes in segment operating income 
in terms of volume, net changes in EAC adjustments or changes in contract mix and other program performance. 

50

The impact of changes in volume on operating income excludes the impact of net EAC adjustments and the impact of changes 
in contract mix and other program performance and is calculated based on changes in costs on individual programs at an 
overall margin for the segment. 

Changes in net EAC adjustments typically relate to the current period impact of revisions to total estimated revenues and costs 
at completion. These changes reflect improved or deteriorated operating performance or award fee rates. For a full description 
of our EAC process, refer to Critical Accounting Estimates. Given that we have thousands of individual contracts and the 
types and complexity of the assumptions and estimates we must make on an on-going basis, we have both favorable and 
unfavorable EAC adjustments. We had the following aggregate EAC adjustments for the periods presented: 

EAC Adjustments (in millions)
Gross favorable
Gross unfavorable
Total net EAC adjustments

2017
1,116
(674)
442

$

$

2016
900
(482)
418

$

$

2015
835
(443)
392

$

$

In recent years, our net EAC adjustments generally have been between 1.5% and 2.0% of total net sales. Our net EAC 
adjustments as a percentage of total net sales were 1.7% in 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Significant EAC adjustments in 2017, 2016 and 2015 are discussed in the Operating Income and Margin section of each 
business segment’s discussion below. The $24 million increase in net EAC adjustments in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to the increase in net EAC adjustments at IDS and MS, partially offset by the decrease in net EAC adjustments at SAS, 
all of which are described below in the respective segment’s results. The $26 million increase in net EAC adjustments in 2016
compared to 2015 was primarily due to the increase in net EAC adjustments at SAS and IIS, partially offset by the decrease 
in net EAC adjustments at MS, all of which are described below in the respective segment’s results.

Changes in contract mix and other program performance refer to changes in operating margin due to a change in the relative 
volume of contracts with higher or lower fee rates such that the overall average margin rate for the segment changes, and 
other drivers of program performance including margin rate increases or decreases due to EAC adjustments in prior periods. 
A higher or lower expected fee rate at the initial award of a contract typically correlates to the contract’s risk profile, which 
is often specifically driven by the type of customer and related procurement regulations, the type of contract (e.g., fixed-price 
vs. cost-plus), the maturity of the product or service and the scope of work. Changes in contract mix and other performance 
also include all other items which are not related to volume or EAC adjustments (e.g., real estate transactions). 

Operating income by segment was as follows: 

Operating Income (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Eliminations

Total business segment operating income

Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
FAS/CAS Adjustment
Corporate
Total

2017
935
455
1,010
862
33
(148)
3,147
(160)
390
(59)
3,318

$

$

2016
971
467
921
808
90
(142)
3,115
(198)
435
(57)
3,295

$

$

2015
859
648
877
851
56
(140)
3,151
(168)
185
(101)
3,067

$

$

51

Integrated Defense Systems

 

 

(In millions, except percentages)
Total net sales
Total operating expenses
Cost of sales—labor
Cost of sales—materials and subcontractors
Other cost of sales and other operating expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating income
Operating margin

2017

$ 5,804

2,138
1,845
886
4,869
935
16.1%

$

 

$

$

2016
5,529

1,983
1,867
708
4,558
971
17.6%

 

$

$

% Change

2017
compared
to 2016
5.0 %

2016
compared
to 2015
(5.5)%

7.8 %
(1.2)%
25.1 %
6.8 %
(3.7)%

4.6 %
(13.7)%
(23.8)%
(8.6)%
13.0 %

 

2015
5,848

1,896
2,164
929
4,989
859
14.7%  

Change in Operating Income (in millions)
Volume
Net change in EAC adjustments
Mix and other performance
Total change in operating income

 Year Ended
2017
Versus Year
Ended 2016
23
$
39
(98)
(36)

$

 Year Ended
2016
Versus Year
Ended 2015
(41)
$
(6)
159
112

$

(In millions, except percentages)
Bookings
Total Backlog

$

2017
4,934
9,186

$

2016
5,377
10,159

$

2015
6,389
10,460

2017
compared
to 2016
(8.2)%
(9.6)%

2016
compared
to 2015
(15.8)%
(2.9)%

 

 

 

% Change

IDS  is  a  leader  in  integrated  air  and  missile  defense;  large  land-  and  sea-based  radar  solutions;  command,  control, 
communications, computers, cyber and intelligence solutions; and naval combat and ship electronic and sensing systems. IDS 
delivers combat-proven performance against the complete spectrum of airborne and ballistic missile threats and is a world 
leader in the technology, development, and production of sensors and mission systems. IDS provides solutions to the U.S. 
Department of Defense (DoD) and the U.S. Intelligence Community, as well as more than 50 international customers which 
represent approximately half of IDS’s business.

Total Net Sales—The increase in total net sales of $275 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to higher net 
sales of $260 million on an international early warning radar program awarded in the first quarter of 2017 and higher net sales 
of $106 million on an international Patriot program driven by an award in the fourth quarter of 2016, partially offset by $161 
million of lower net sales on certain international Patriot programs due to the scheduled completion of certain production 
phases of the programs.

The decrease in total net sales of $319 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to lower net sales of $134 million 
on our missile defense radar production programs, $88 million of lower net sales on an international communications program
and $70 million of lower net sales on the Air Warfare Destroyer (AWD) program, all due to the scheduled completion of 
certain production phases on these programs. Included in the change in total net sales are higher net sales of $59 million on 
integrated air and missile defense programs, including $114 million of higher net sales on an international Patriot program 
awarded in the first quarter of 2015 due to a scheduled increase in production, and $160 million of lower net sales from the 
scheduled completion of certain production phases on an international air and missile defense systems program.
 
Total Operating Expenses—The increase in total operating expenses of $311 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to an increase in other cost of sales and other operating expenses of $178 million and an increase in labor costs of $155 
million. The increase in other cost of sales and other operating expenses was principally driven by the tax-free gain of $158 

52

million from the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS in the second quarter of 2016. Almost half of the increase 
in labor costs was driven by activity on the international early warning radar program described above in Total Net Sales with 
the remaining change spread across numerous programs with no individual or common significant driver.

The decrease in total operating expenses of $431 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to a decrease in materials 
and subcontractors costs of $297 million and a decrease in other cost of sales and other operating expenses of $221 million. 
The decrease in materials and subcontractors costs was primarily due to the activity on the international air and missile defense 
program and the AWD program described above in Total Net Sales. The decrease in other cost of sales and other operating 
expenses was principally driven by the tax-free gain of $158 million from the sale of our equity method investment in TRS 
SAS in the second quarter of 2016 and a change in previously deferred precontract costs of $109 million in the second quarter 
of 2015 related to the international Patriot program awarded in the second quarter of 2015. 

Operating Income and Margin—The decrease in operating income of $36 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to a change in mix and other performance of $98 million, partially offset by a net change in EAC adjustments of $39 
million and higher volume of $23 million. The change in mix and other performance was driven principally by the tax-free 
gain of $158 million from the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS in the second quarter of 2016, partially offset 
by activity on the international Patriot program awarded in the fourth quarter of 2016 discussed above in Total Net Sales. Also 
included in the change in mix and other performance was $10 million of gains on real estate transactions in 2017 and $9 
million of gains on real estate transactions in 2016. The net change in EAC adjustments was primarily driven by a negative 
profit adjustment of $36 million in the first quarter of 2016 on an international command and control program driven by costs 
to replace or repair shelters which the subcontractor refused to remedy resulting in the subcontractor being terminated. The 
increase in volume was primarily due to the international early warning radar program and the certain international Patriot 
programs described above in Total Net Sales. The decrease in operating margin in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due 
to the change in mix and other performance, partially offset by the net change in EAC adjustments. 

The increase in operating income of $112 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to a change in mix and other 
performance of $159 million, partially offset by lower volume of $41 million. The change in mix and other performance was 
principally driven by the tax-free gain of $158 million from the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS in the 
second quarter of 2016. Also included in the change in mix and other performance were $9 million of gains on real estate 
transactions in 2016. The decrease in volume was primarily due to the programs described above in Total Net Sales. Included 
in the net change in EAC adjustments in 2016 compared to 2015 was a negative profit adjustment of $36 million in the first 
quarter of 2016 on an international command and control program driven by costs to replace or repair shelters which the 
subcontractor refused to remedy resulting in the subcontractor being terminated, and net positive profit adjustments of $20 
million in the second and fourth quarters of 2015 on the AWD program. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the AWD program had 
a contract modification and restructure which changed the incentive fee structure such that almost all of our incentive fees 
are tied solely to our performance. Previously our incentive fees were tied directly to both our cost performance and the cost 
performance of the shipyard. Under the original contract, there was an unfavorable EAC adjustment in the second quarter of 
2015 of $33 million to eliminate all remaining estimated incentive fees due to the shipbuilder extending the planned schedule 
and a related increase in costs to complete its portion of the program. The modification and restructure resulted in a favorable 
$53 million EAC adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2015. The increase in operating margin in 2016 compared to 2015 was 
primarily due to the change in mix and other performance.

Backlog and Bookings—Backlog was $9,186 million, $10,159 million and $10,460 million at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The decrease in backlog of $973 million at December 31, 2017 compared to December 31, 2016 was 
primarily at our Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD) product line principally due to sales in excess of bookings, 
partially offset by our Mission Systems Sensors (MSS) product line primarily due to bookings in excess of sales. The decrease
in backlog of $301 million at December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 was primarily at our IAMD product line 
principally due to sales in excess of bookings.

The bookings decrease of $443 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven primarily by the $319 million decrease in the 
specifically disclosed bookings below. In 2017, IDS booked $1,030 million for the Upgraded Early Warning Radar (UEWR) 
system for Qatar, $448 million to provide advanced Patriot air and missile defense capabilities for certain international 
customers, including $145 million for Qatar and $303 million for two other international customers, $440 million on the Air 
and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) program for the U.S. Navy, $304 million on an Early Warning Surveillance Radar System 
(EWSRS) support program for an international customer, $303 million to provide Consolidated Contractor Logistics Support 

53

(CCLS) for the MDA, $263 million to provide Patriot engineering services support for U.S. and international customers, $180 
million  on  the  Multi-Function  RF  System  (MFRFS)  program  for  the  U.S. Army  and  $144  million  on  the Army  Navy/
Transportable Radar Surveillance-Model 2 (AN/TPY-2) radar sustainment program for the MDA. 

The bookings decrease of $1,012 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven primarily by the $1,162 million decrease in 
the specifically disclosed bookings below. In 2016, IDS booked approximately $1.8 billion to provide advanced Patriot air 
and missile defense capabilities for certain international customers, including $480 million for Kuwait, $163 million for Qatar, 
and $623 million, $265 million and $226 million for three international customers. IDS also booked $373 million on the Aegis 
weapon system for the U.S. Navy and international customers, $228 million to provide CCLS, $227 million to provide Patriot 
engineering services support for U.S. and international customers, $200 million on the AN/TPY-2 radar sustainment program 
for the MDA, $117 million for in-service support for the Collins class submarine for the Royal Australian Navy, $110 million 
on the AMDR program for the U.S. Navy, $92 million for the Engineering and Manufacturing Development phase on the 
competitively awarded Enterprise Air Surveillance Radar (EASR) program for the U.S. Navy, and $86 million to provide 
advanced Patriot air and missile defense capability for the U.S. Army. IDS also booked $198 million on a classified program.

In 2015, IDS booked $2.0 billion to provide advanced Patriot air and missile defense capability for the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia and $769 million to provide advanced Patriot air and missile defense capability for the Republic of Korea. IDS also 
booked $366 million on the Zumwalt-class destroyer program for the U.S. Navy, $266 million to provide Patriot engineering 
services support for U.S. and international customers, $245 million to provide CCLS and $141 million for a radar sustainment 
contract for the MDA, $163 million to continue development on the Air Defense Operations Center (ADOC) for Qatar, $139 
million to provide satellite communication ground terminals for an international customer, $110 million for the AWD program 
for the Australian Navy, $83 million to provide advanced Patriot air and missile defense capability for the U.S. Army, and 
$83 million to provide training and logistics support for an international customer.

Intelligence, Information and Services

 

 

(In millions, except percentages)
Total net sales
Total operating expenses
Cost of sales—labor
Cost of sales—materials and subcontractors
Other cost of sales and other operating expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating income
Operating margin

2017

$ 6,177

2,610
2,309
803
5,722
455
7.4%

$

 

$

$

2016
6,169

2,478
2,400
824
5,702
467
7.6%

 

$

$

% Change

2017 
compared 
to 2016
0.1 %

2016 
compared 
to 2015
0.5 %

5.3 %
(3.8)%
(2.5)%
0.4 %
(2.6)%

3.3 %
(5.0)%
46.4 %
3.9 %
(27.9)%

 

2015
6,137

2,399
2,527
563
5,489
648
10.6%  

Change in Operating Income (in millions)
Volume
Net change in EAC adjustments
Mix and other performance
Total change in operating income

(In millions, except percentages)
Bookings
Total Backlog

 Year Ended 
2017 
Versus Year 
Ended 2016
$

 Year Ended
2016
Versus Year
Ended 2015
(1)
13
(193)
(181)

— $
3
(15)
(12)

$

 

 

% Change

2016
5,563
5,662

$

2015
5,319
5,867

2017 
compared 
to 2016
18.9%
14.9%

2016
compared
to 2015
4.6 %
(3.5)%

 

$

$

$

2017
6,615
6,503

54

IIS provides a full range of technical and professional services to intelligence, defense, federal and commercial customers 
worldwide. IIS specializes in global Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR); navigation; DoD space and weather 
solutions; cybersecurity; analytics; training; logistics; mission support; engineering; automation and sustainment solutions; 
and  international  and  domestic Air  Traffic  Management  (ATM)  systems.  Key  customers  include  the  U.S.  Intelligence 
Community, the U.S. Armed Forces, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration (NOAA), the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), NASA and a number of international customers.

Total Net Sales—Total net sales in 2017 were relatively consistent with 2016. Included in the change in net sales was higher 
net sales of $84 million on a U.S. Air Force program due to increased contract activities, higher net sales of $38 million on 
programs in support of the U.S. Army’s Warfighter Field Operations Customer Support (Warfighter FOCUS) activities driven 
principally by customer determined activity levels, lower net sales of $67 million on a program for the U.S. Army which 
substantially completed in 2016 and lower net sales of $47 million on a classified program for an international customer which 
was substantially completed in 2016.

Total net sales in 2016 were relatively consistent with 2015. Included in the change in net sales was higher net sales of $91 
million on a U.S. Air Force program due to increased effort to achieve the current schedule milestones, higher net sales of 
$84 million on various cybersecurity and special missions programs due to a continued focus on cyber capabilities resulting 
in expansion with key customers, lower net sales of $74 million on the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) Common Ground 
System (CGS) for NASA due to the program transitioning from the development phase to the test phase and lower net sales 
of $68 million on training activities on the Air Traffic Control Optimum Training Solution (ATCOTS) contract for the FAA, 
which ended in 2015.

Total Operating Expenses—Total operating expenses in 2017 were relatively consistent with 2016. The increase in labor costs 
of $132 million was driven principally by activity on various classified programs and activity on the U.S. Air Force program 
described above in Total Net Sales.

The increase in total operating expenses of $213 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in other 
cost of sales and other operating expenses of $261 million, partially offset by a decrease in materials and subcontractors costs 
of $127 million. The increase in other cost of sales and other operating expenses was driven principally by the $181 million 
reduction to cost of sales from the eBorders settlement in the first quarter of 2015. The decrease in materials and subcontractors 
costs was driven principally by various classified programs.
 
Operating Income and Margin—The decrease in operating income of $12 million and the related decrease in operating margin 
in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to a change in mix and performance of $15 million spread across numerous 
programs with no individual or common significant driver. Included in mix and other performance in 2017 was a $2 million 
gain on a real estate transaction. Included in mix and other performance in 2016 was a $3 million net gain related to the 
termination and expected cost recovery of a pension plan for one of our joint ventures and a $2 million gain on a real estate 
transaction.

The decrease in operating income of $181 million and the related decrease in operating margin in 2016 compared to 2015
was primarily due to a change in mix and other performance of $193 million partially offset by a net change in EAC adjustments 
of $13 million. The change in mix and other performance was principally driven by the $181 million impact from the eBorders 
settlement in the first quarter of 2015. Included in mix and other performance in 2016 was a $3 million net gain related to the 
termination and expected cost recovery of a pension plan for one of our joint ventures and a $2 million gain on a real estate 
transaction. The net change in EAC adjustments was primarily due to a $37 million net change in EAC adjustments for a 
classified program for an international customer, due to higher than expected costs in 2015, partially offset by a $17 million 
net change in EAC adjustments due to higher design and material costs on a munition release capability program for the U.S. 
Air Force.

Backlog and Bookings—Backlog was $6,503 million, $5,662 million and $5,867 million at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The increase in backlog of $841 million at December 31, 2017 compared to December 31, 2016 was 
primarily due to bookings in excess of sales within the Navigation and Environmental Solutions (NES) product line, primarily 
driven by the U.S. Air Force programs bookings described below. The decrease in backlog of $205 million at December 31, 
2016 compared to December 31, 2015 was primarily due to $256 million of backlog adjustments from contract underruns and 
contract deobligations.

55

The bookings increase of $1,052 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven primarily by the $1,483 million increase in 
the specifically disclosed bookings below. In 2017, IIS booked approximately $1.4 billion on U.S. Air Force programs, $810 
million on domestic training programs and $342 million on foreign training programs in support of Warfighter FOCUS 
activities, $233 million to upgrade the Phalanx Close-In Weapon System (CIWS) for the Royal Canadian Navy, $148 million 
on the Standard Terminal Automation Replacement System (STARS) program for the FAA, $106 million to provide ISR 
support for the U.S. Air Force, $98 million on the Development, Operations and Maintenance (DOMino) cyber program for 
the DHS, and $77 million to support the Naval Communications Station, Harold E Holt (HEH) facility for Australia. IIS also 
booked $2,041 million on a number of classified contracts, including $448 million on two multi-year awards for certain 
classified customers.

Bookings in 2016 were relatively consistent with 2015. In 2016, IIS booked $744 million on domestic training programs and 
$283 million on foreign training programs in support of Warfighter FOCUS activities, $269 million on the Joint Precision 
Approach and Landing System (JPALS) program for the U.S. Navy program, $170 million to provide a common ground 
station for unmanned vehicles for the U.S. Air Force, and $105 million to provide ISR support for the U.S. Air Force. IIS also 
booked $310 million for a U.S. Air Force program and $1,891 million on a number of classified contracts.

In 2015, IIS booked $703 million on domestic training programs and $260 million on foreign training programs in support 
of Warfighter FOCUS activities, $185 million on the STARS program, $105 million on a contract to support the U.S. Air 
Force’s Distributed Common Ground System (DCGS), $103 million on the Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS) program 
and $78 million on the NextGen Weather Processor (NWP) program for the FAA, and $78 million to continue supporting the 
Counter Narcoterrorism Technology Program Office (CNTPO). IIS also booked $1,953 million on a number of classified 
contracts.

Missile Systems

 

 

(In millions, except percentages)
Total net sales
Total operating expenses
Cost of sales—labor
Cost of sales—materials and subcontractors
Other cost of sales and other operating expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating income
Operating margin

2017

$ 7,787

2,303
3,386
1,088
6,777
$ 1,010

13.0%

 

$

$

2016
7,096

2,097
2,949
1,129
6,175
921
13.0%

 

$

$

% Change

2017 
compared 
to 2016
9.7 %

2016 
compared 
to 2015
8.0%

9.8 %
14.8 %
(3.6)%
9.7 %
9.7 %

 

5.9%
7.3%
17.2%
8.5%
5.0%

2015
6,569

1,980
2,749
963
5,692
877
13.4%  

Change in Operating Income (in millions)
Volume
Net change in EAC adjustments
Mix and other performance
Total change in operating income

(In millions, except percentages)
Bookings
Total Backlog

 

 Year Ended 
2017 
Versus Year 
Ended 2016
82
$
10
(3)
89

$

 Year Ended
2016
Versus Year
Ended 2015
63
$
(63)
44
44

$

 

 

 

% Change

$

2017
9,672
13,426

$

2016
7,894
11,568

$

2015
8,149
10,801

2017 
compared 
to 2016
22.5%
16.1%

2016 
compared 
to 2015
(3.1)%
7.1 %

56

MS designs, develops, integrates and produces missile and combat systems for the armed forces of the U.S. and allied nations. 
Leveraging its capabilities in advanced airframes, guidance and navigation systems, high-resolution sensors, surveillance, 
targeting and netted systems, MS provides and supports a broad range of advanced weapon systems including missiles, smart 
munitions, close-in weapon systems, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles, directed energy effectors and advanced combat sensor 
solutions. Key customers include the U.S. Navy, Army, Air Force and Marine Corps, the MDA, and the armed forces of more 
than 40 allied nations.

Total Net Sales—The increase in total net sales of $691 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to $245 million 
of higher net sales on the Paveway program principally driven by international requirements, $168 million of higher net sales 
on the Standard Missile-3 (SM-3) program principally driven by planned increases in production, $115 million of higher net 
sales on the Standard Missile-2 (SM-2) program due to the recognition of previously deferred precontract costs based on a 
contract award in the second quarter of 2017 and planned increases in production, $96 million of higher net sales on the 
Excalibur program due to recognition of previously deferred precontract costs based on a contract award in the third quarter 
of 2017, partially offset by $138 million of lower net sales on the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (EKV) program due to a 
planned decline in production. 

The increase in total net sales of $527 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to $432 million of higher net sales 
on the Paveway program principally driven by international requirements.

Total Operating Expenses—The increase in total operating expenses of $602 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to an increase in materials and subcontractors costs of $437 million and an increase in labor costs of $206 million. The 
increase in materials and subcontractors costs was primarily driven by activity on the programs described above in Total Net 
Sales, activity on an international missile defense program and activity on Evolved Seasparrow Missile (ESSM) both due to 
planned increases in production. The increase in labor costs was principally driven by activity on the SM-3 program described 
above in Total Net Sales, activity on classified programs, and development activity on advanced missile and interceptor 
programs, partially offset by activity on the EKV program described above in Total Net Sales, with the remaining change 
spread across numerous programs with no individual or common significant driver.

The increase in total operating expenses of $483 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in materials 
and subcontractors costs of $200 million, an increase in other cost of sales and other operating expenses of $166 million and 
an increase in labor costs of $117 million. The increase in materials and subcontractors costs was driven principally by activity 
on the Paveway program described above in Total Net Sales. The increase in other cost of sales and other operating expenses 
was principally driven by a change in previously deferred precontract costs based on contract awards or funding. The increase 
in labor costs was principally driven by development activity on an advanced interceptors program and a ship defense missile 
program.

Operating Income and Margin—The increase in operating income of $89 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to an increase in volume of $82 million principally driven by activity on the programs described above in Total Net Sales. 
Included in the net change in EAC adjustments was reductions of expected costs to fulfill industrial cooperation agreements 
for an international customer resulting in adjustments of $37 million and $36 million on two contracts due to a favorable 
change in requirements in the third quarter of 2017, partially offset by an unfavorable $40 million adjustment on a $1.4 billion 
contract, driven by the final contract modification in the third quarter of 2017 which was less than we anticipated based upon 
the previous contract price negotiations. Operating margin in 2017 was consistent with 2016.

The increase in operating income of $44 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in volume of $63 
million and a change in mix and other performance of $44 million, partially offset by a net change in EAC adjustments of 
$63 million. The increase in volume and the change in mix and other performance were both driven principally by activity 
on the Paveway program described above in Total Net Sales. The net change in EAC adjustments was primarily driven by a 
$48 million unfavorable change on two next generation precision strike weapon contracts due to increases in expected costs 
to complete the programs, a $38 million unfavorable change on a missile defense interceptor program driven primarily by a 
decrease in estimated incentive fees due to re-phasing incentive events in the first quarter of 2016 and an increase in expected 
cost to complete the program, and a $25 million favorable resolution of a contractual issue in the first quarter of 2015, partially 
offset by a $68 million favorable change on the Paveway program driven by lower labor and material production costs as well 
as improved estimated costs to fulfill other contractual requirements. The decrease in operating margin in 2016 compared to 
2015 was primarily due to the net change in EAC adjustments, partially offset by the change in mix and other performance.
 

57

Backlog and Bookings—Backlog was $13,426 million, $11,568 million and $10,801 million at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The increase in backlog of $1,858 million at December 31, 2017 compared to December 31, 2016 was 
primarily due to bookings in excess of sales, primarily within the Air Warfare Systems (AWS) product line. The increase in 
backlog of $767 million at December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 was primarily due to bookings in excess of 
sales, primarily within the Advanced Missile Systems (AMS) and Air and Missile Defense Systems (AMDS) product lines.

The bookings increase of $1,778 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven primarily by the $1,775 million increase in 
the specifically disclosed bookings below. In 2017, MS booked $2.2 billion for Paveway for the U.S. Air Force and international 
customers, $816 million for Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and 
international customers, $673 million for SM-3 for the MDA and international customers, $661 million for SM-2 for the U.S. 
Navy and international customers, $538 million for the Redesigned Kill Vehicle (RKV) program for the MDA, $468 million 
for the Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW) for the U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force and international customers, $424 million for 
Tomahawk for the U.S. Navy and international customers, $378 million for Tube-launched, Optically-tracked, Wireless-guided 
(TOW) missiles for the U.S. Army, U.S. Marine Corps and international customers, $347 million for AIM-9X Sidewinder 
short-range air-to-air missiles for the U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Army and international customers, $214 million for 
Phalanx CIWS for the U.S. Navy and international customers, $214 million for Excalibur for the U.S. Army, $156 million 
for Horizontal Technology Integration (HTI) forward-looking infrared kits for the U.S. Army and an international customer, 
$135 million for Javelin for the U.S. Army and international customers, $116 million for the Long Range Precision Fires 
(LRPF) Missile system for the U.S. Army and $104 million for Mobile Range for the U.S. Navy, U.S. Army and U.S. Air 
Force. MS also booked $1,027 million on classified contracts, including $223 million on a major contract.

Bookings in 2016 were relatively consistent with 2015. In 2016, MS booked $941 million for Paveway for the U.S. Air Force 
and international customers, $923 million for SM-3 for the MDA and international customers, $799 million for AMRAAM 
for  the  U.S. Air  Force,  U.S.  Navy  and  international  customers,  $554  million  for  Phalanx  CIWS  for  the  U.S.  Navy  and 
international customers, $416 million for Standard Missile-6 (SM-6) for the U.S. Navy, $383 million for AIM-9X Sidewinder 
short-range air-to-air missiles for the U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Army and international customers, $367 million for 
Tomahawk for the U.S. Navy and international customers, $325 million for Rolling Airframe Missile (RAM) for the U.S. 
Navy and international customers, $321 million for ESSM for the U.S. Navy and international customers, $276 million for 
TOW missiles for the U.S. Army, U.S. Marine Corps and international customers, $243 million for Miniature Air Launched 
Decoy (MALD) for the U.S. Air Force and Navy, $223 million for Stinger® for the U.S. Army and international customers, 
$195 million for Woomera Mobile Range Upgrade program for the Royal Australian Air Force, $175 million for Hypersonic 
Air-breathing Weapon Concept program for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and U.S. Air Force 
and $130 million for the David’s Sling weapon system’s Stunner Missile for an international customer. MS also booked $425 
million on classified contracts.

In 2015, MS booked $1,726 million for Paveway for the U.S. Air Force and international customers, $1,215 million for SM-3 
for the MDA and an international customer, $637 million for AMRAAM for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and international 
customers, $623 million on ESSM for the U.S. Navy and international customers, $580 million for AIM-9X Sidewinder short-
range air-to-air missiles for the U.S. Armed Forces and international customers, $310 million for Phalanx CIWS for the U.S. 
Navy, U.S. Army and international customers, $273 million for SM-6 for the U.S. Navy, $267 million for Tomahawk for the 
U.S. Navy and an international customer, $235 million for JSOW for the U.S. Navy, and international customers, $169 million 
for RAM for the U.S. Navy and international customers, $152 million for the production of Stinger for the U.S. Army and 
international customers, $148 million for the production of EKV for the MDA, $110 million for MALD for the U.S. Air Force 
and Navy, $108 million for the production of the Light Armored Vehicle-Anti-Tank (LAV-AT) for the U.S. Marines, and $104 
million for production of Javelin missiles for the U.S. Army and international customers. MS also booked $582 million on 
classified contracts, including $158 million on a major program.

58

Space and Airborne Systems

 

 

(In millions, except percentages)
Total net sales
Total operating expenses
Cost of sales—labor
Cost of sales—materials and subcontractors
Other cost of sales and other operating expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating income
Operating margin

2017

$ 6,430

2,673
1,877
1,018
5,568
862
13.4%

$

 

$

$

2016
6,182

2,419
1,949
1,006
5,374
808
13.1%

 

$

$

% Change

2017 
compared 
to 2016
4.0 %

2016 
compared 
to 2015
6.3 %

10.5 %
(3.7)%
1.2 %
3.6 %
6.7 %

 

(2.6)%
33.8 %
(1.7)%
8.3 %
(5.1)%

2015
5,814

2,483
1,457
1,023
4,963
851
14.6%  

Change in Operating Income (in millions)
Volume
Net change in EAC adjustments
Mix and other performance
Total change in operating income

 Year Ended 
2017 
Versus Year 
Ended 2016
26
$
(28)
56
54

$

 Year Ended
2016
Versus Year
Ended 2015
58
$
73
(174)
(43)

$

 

 

 

% Change

(In millions, except percentages)
Bookings
Total Backlog

$

2017
5,907
8,611

$

2016
8,414
8,834

$

2015
4,936
6,260

2017 
compared 
to 2016
(29.8)%
(2.5)%

2016 
compared 
to 2015
70.5%
41.1%

 
SAS is a leader in the design, development and manufacture of integrated sensor and communication systems for advanced 
missions. These missions include intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; precision engagement; manned and unmanned 
aerial operations; and space. Leveraging state-of-the-art technologies, mission systems and domain knowledge, SAS designs, 
manufactures, supports and sustains civil and military electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) sensors; airborne radars for surveillance 
and fire control applications; lasers; precision guidance systems; signals intelligence systems; processors; electronic warfare 
systems; communications; and space-qualified systems. Key customers are the U.S. Navy, Air Force, and Army, international 
allies and classified customers.

Total Net Sales—The increase in total net sales of $248 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to higher net 
sales of $89 million on the Next Generation Jammer (NGJ) program for the U.S. Navy, awarded in the second quarter of 2016, 
and higher net sales of $69 million on a domestic classified program awarded in the third quarter of 2016, partially offset by 
lower net sales of $99 million on an international classified program awarded in the first quarter of 2016 due to planned 
reduced schedule requirements. The remaining change in total net sales was spread across numerous programs with no 
individual or common significant driver.
 
The increase in total net sales of $368 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to higher net sales of $339 million
on classified programs, including an international classified program awarded in the first quarter of 2016. 

Total Operating Expenses—The increase in total operating expenses of $194 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to an increase in labor costs of $254 million, principally driven by activity on domestic and international tactical radar 
systems programs and activity on the domestic classified program described above in Total Net Sales.

59

The increase in total operating expenses of $411 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in materials 
and subcontractors costs of $492 million, principally driven by activity on the classified programs described above in Total 
Net Sales.
 
Operating Income and Margin—The increase in operating income of $54 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
driven by a change in mix and other performance of $56 million and an increase in volume of $26 million, partially offset by 
a net change in EAC adjustments of $28 million. The change in mix and other performance includes a $15 million gain on a 
real estate transaction in the second quarter of 2017, offset by a $26 million decrease primarily driven by lower activity on 
two international tactical radar systems programs due to scheduled completion of certain production phases, with the remaining 
change spread across numerous programs with no individual or common significant driver. The increase in volume was driven 
by activity on the programs discussed above in Total Net Sales, with the remaining change spread across numerous programs 
with no individual or common significant driver. The net change in EAC adjustments was primarily driven by increased 
estimated labor and material production costs on the international classified program described above in Total Net Sales. The 
increase in operating margin in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the change in mix and other performance, partially 
offset by the net change in EAC adjustments.

The decrease in operating income of $43 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to a change in mix and other 
performance of $174 million, partially offset by a net change in EAC adjustments of $73 million and higher volume of $58 
million. The change in mix and other performance was primarily driven by lower activity due to scheduled completion of 
certain production phases on two international tactical radar systems programs and activity on the international classified 
program described above in Total Net Sales. Also included in mix and other performance was an $11 million gain on a real 
estate transaction in the second quarter of 2015. The net change in EAC adjustments was principally driven by labor and 
material production efficiencies on tactical radar systems programs which amounted to $30 million, and improved program 
performance on domestic classified programs. The increase in volume was primarily driven by the international classified 
program described above in Total Net Sales. The decrease in operating margin in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due 
to the change in mix and other performance, partially offset by the net change in EAC adjustments.

Backlog and Bookings—Backlog was $8,611 million, $8,834 million and $6,260 million at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The decrease in backlog of $223 million at December 31, 2017 compared to December 31, 2016 was 
primarily due to sales in excess of bookings, principally within our Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Systems 
(ISRS) and Space Systems (SS) product lines, partially offset by bookings in excess of sales at our Secure Sensor Solutions 
(S3) product line. The increase in backlog of $2,574 million at December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 was 
primarily due to bookings in excess of sales, principally within our Electronic Warfare Systems (EWS) and SS product lines.

The bookings decrease of $2,507 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven primarily by the $3,240 million decrease in 
the specifically disclosed bookings below. In 2017, SAS booked $256 million for Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) 
radars for the U.S. Air Force, $250 million on two contracts for international customers, one for military processors and one 
for radar warning receivers, approximately $200 million on classified and unclassified space programs and $175 million for 
radar components for the U.S. Navy and the Royal Australian Air Force. SAS also booked $1,384 million on a number of 
classified contracts.
 
The bookings increase of $3,478 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven primarily by the $3,478 million increase in 
the specifically disclosed bookings below. In 2016, SAS booked $992 million on the NGJ program for the U.S. Navy, over 
$650 million on an international classified program, $610 million on AESA production awards for the U.S. Air Force and 
international customers, $553 million on the JPSS program for NASA, $164 million to provide integrated Sentinel support 
services for the U.K. Royal Air Force, $91 million on the next-generation Multi-Spectral Targeting System (MTS) for the 
U.S. Air Force, $87 million to provide radar components, and $75 million on a cryptographic modernization program. SAS 
also booked $2,283 million on a number of classified contracts, including $590 million for a major classified contract.

In 2015, SAS booked $153 million on a multi-mission radar program for the U.S. Navy and an international customer, $106 
million for the production of AESA radars for the U.S. Air Force, $102 million on the Navy Multiband Terminal (NMT) 
program, $99 million on an AESA radar Performance Based Logistics (PBL) contract for an international customer, $92 
million to provide radar spares for an international customer, $92 million for the production of AESA radars for an international 
customer,  $88  million  to  provide  radar  components  for  the  U.S. Air  Force,  and  $82  million  to  provide  communication 
subsystems for the U.S. Navy and an international customer. SAS also booked $1,213 million on a number of classified 
contracts.

60

Forcepoint

 

(In millions, except percentages)
Total net sales
Total operating expenses

Cost of sales
Selling and marketing
Research and development
General and administrative

Total operating expenses
Operating income
Operating margin

(In millions, except percentages)
Bookings
Total Backlog

 

$

$

$

2017
608

116
246
143
70
575
33
5.4%

 

2017
590
484

$

$

$

2016
586

110
187
128
71
496
90

15.4%

2016
561
486

$

$

$

2015
344

63
98
87
40
288
56

16.3%

2015
352
451

% Change

2017 
compared 
to 2016
3.8 %

2016 
compared 
to 2015
70.3%

5.5 %
31.6 %
11.7 %
(1.4)%
15.9 %
(63.3)%

74.6%
90.8%
47.1%
77.5%
72.2%
60.7%

% Change

2017 
compared 
to 2016
5.2 %
(0.4)%

2016 
compared 
to 2015
59.4%
7.8%

Forcepoint develops cybersecurity products serving commercial and government organizations worldwide. Forcepoint is a 
joint venture of Raytheon and Vista Equity Partners created in May 2015 that brought together the capabilities of the legacy 
Raytheon Cyber Products (RCP) and Websense, Inc. (Websense) businesses. Forcepoint delivers a portfolio of human-centric 
cybersecurity capabilities, including data loss prevention; user and entity behavior analytics (UEBA) and cloud access security 
broker (CASB) capabilities; insider threat solutions; next-generation firewall (NGFW) technology; cloud and on premise web 
and email security; and cross domain transfer products. In 2017, Forcepoint acquired RedOwl Analytics Inc. (RedOwl), a 
security analytics business, and the Skyfence® CASB business. The Forcepoint results reflect RCP results for all periods and 
Websense results after the acquisition date of May 29, 2015.

Total Net Sales—The increase in total net sales of $22 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily driven by $17 million 
of higher Commercial Security sales due to new business growth within User and Data Security and NGFW products within 
Cloud Access and Network Security, partially offset by lower sales related to filtering products within Cloud Access and 
Network Security. Total net sales excluded the unfavorable impact related to the deferred revenue acquisition accounting 
adjustments described below in Acquisition Accounting Adjustments.

The increase in total net sales of $242 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to $218 million of higher sales 
resulting from the acquisitions of Websense in the second quarter of 2015 and Stonesoft in the first quarter of 2016. Total net 
sales excluded the unfavorable impact related to the deferred revenue acquisition accounting adjustments described below in 
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments.

Total Operating Expenses—We disclose our operating expenses for the segment, which excludes amortization of acquired 
intangible assets and certain other acquisition and acquisition related expenses, in terms of the following:
–  Cost of sales—labor and overhead costs associated with analytic and technical support services; infrastructure costs 
associated with maintaining our databases; and labor, materials and overhead costs associated with providing our product 
offerings; 

–  Selling and marketing—labor costs related to personnel engaged in selling and marketing and customer support functions; 

costs related to public relations, advertising, promotions and travel; and related overhead costs; 

–  Research and development—labor costs for the development and management of new and existing products; and related 

overhead costs; and 

–  General and administrative expenses—labor costs for our executive, finance and administrative personnel; third party 

professional service fees; and related overhead costs. 

61

Total operating expenses in 2017 increased $79 million compared to 2016 primarily driven by an increase in selling and 
marketing expense of $59 million and an increase in research and development expense of $15 million. The increase in selling 
and marketing expense was principally due to higher costs for the sales organization due to increased salesforce staffing and 
higher amortization of deferred commissions. The increase in research and development expense was principally driven by 
the Skyfence acquisition in the first quarter of 2017. Total operating expenses excluded amortization of acquired intangible 
assets as described below in Acquisition Accounting Adjustments and certain unallocated costs which are included in Corporate.

Total operating expenses in 2016 increased $208 million compared to 2015. The increase in all of the categories of total 
operating expenses was primarily due to the acquisitions of Websense in the second quarter of 2015 and Stonesoft in the first 
quarter of 2016. The increase in selling and marketing expense was also driven by $10 million of higher amortization of 
deferred commissions. Research and development expense in 2015 included $6 million related to severance and retention 
associated with the restructuring of Websense. Total operating expenses excluded amortization of acquired intangible assets 
as described below in Acquisition Accounting Adjustments and certain unallocated costs which are included in Corporate.

Operating Income and Margin—The decrease in operating income of $57 million and the related decrease in operating margin 
in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the increase in total operating expenses described above in Total Operating 
Expenses.

The increase in operating income of $34 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the acquisitions of Websense 
in the second quarter of 2015 and Stonesoft in the first quarter of 2016. The decrease in operating margin in 2016 compared 
to 2015 was primarily due to the increase in selling and marketing expenses described above in Total Operating Expenses.

Backlog and Bookings—Backlog was $484 million, $486 million and $451 million at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. Backlog at December 31, 2017 was relatively consistent with December 31, 2016. The increase in backlog of 
$35 million at December 31, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 was primarily due to the acquisition of Stonesoft.

Bookings increased by $29 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to a $17 million increase in Commercial Security 
bookings and a $12 million increase in Global Governments and Critical Infrastructure bookings. Included in Commercial 
Security bookings were higher bookings driven by new business growth on User and Data Security products and NGFW 
products within Cloud Access and Network Security and the acquisitions of RedOwl and Skyfence, and lower bookings related 
to filtering products within Cloud Access and Network Security. Bookings increased by $209 million in 2016 compared to 
2015 primarily due to the acquisitions of Websense and Stonesoft.

Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments include the adjustments to record acquired deferred revenue at fair value as part of our 
purchase price allocation process, referred to as the deferred revenue adjustment, and the amortization of acquired intangible 
assets related to historical acquisitions. These adjustments are not considered part of management’s evaluation of segment 
results. 

The components of Acquisition Accounting Adjustments were as follows:

(In millions)
Deferred revenue adjustment
Amortization of acquired intangibles
Total Acquisition Accounting Adjustments

2017
(35)
(125)
(160)

$

$

2016
(77)
(121)
(198)

$

$

2015
(61)
(107)
(168)

$

$

The deferred revenue adjustment for 2017, 2016 and 2015 relates to acquisitions in the Forcepoint segment. 

62

Amortization of acquired intangibles related to acquisitions in the segments was as follows:

(In millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Total

2017
—
20
1
10
94
125

$

$

2016
1
17
1
17
85
121

$

$

2015
1
12
1
35
58
107

$

$

The change in our Acquisition Accounting Adjustments of $38 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was due to a $42 million
decrease in the deferred revenue adjustment, principally driven by the acquisition of Websense in the second quarter of 2015.

The change in our Acquisition Accounting Adjustments of $30 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was due to a $16 million
increase in the deferred revenue adjustment principally driven by the acquisition of Stonesoft in the first quarter of 2016 and 
a $14 million increase in the intangibles amortization adjustment, principally driven by the acquisition of Websense in the 
second quarter of 2015, partially offset by the acquisition of Applied Signal Technology, Inc. at our SAS segment in the first 
quarter of 2011.

FAS/CAS Adjustment
The FAS/CAS Adjustment represents the difference between our pension and PRB expense or income under FAS requirements 
under U.S. GAAP and our pension and PRB expense under CAS. The results of each segment only include pension and PRB 
expense under CAS that we generally recover through the pricing of our products and services to the U.S. government. 

The components of the FAS/CAS Adjustment were as follows:

(In millions)
FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment
FAS/CAS PRB Adjustment
FAS/CAS Adjustment

The components of the FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment were as follows: 

(In millions)
FAS (expense)
CAS expense
FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment

2017
397
(7)
390

$

$

2016
435
—
435

$

$

2015
182
3
185

$

$

2017
$ (1,367)
1,764
397

$

2016
$ (1,073)
1,508
435

$

2015
$ (1,186)
1,368
182

$

 
The key drivers of the difference between FAS and CAS expense (and consequently, the FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment) are 
the pattern of earnings and expense recognition for gains and losses that arise when our asset and liability experience differs 
from our assumptions under each set of requirements and the calculation of funded status under CAS Harmonization. In 
accordance with both FAS and CAS, a “calculated market-related value” of our plan assets is used to calculate the amount of 
deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. The market-related value of assets is determined using actual asset gains or 
losses over a certain prior period (three years for FAS and five years for CAS, subject to certain limitations under CAS on the 
difference between the market-related value and actual market value of assets). Generally, gains or losses are amortized under 
FAS over the average future working lifetime of the eligible employee population of approximately nine years. Beginning in 
2013, CAS Harmonization reduced this amortization period from 15 to 10 years, as well as changed the liability measurement 
method. Another driver of CAS expense (but not FAS expense) is the funded status of our pension plans under CAS. CAS 
expense is only recognized for plans that are not fully funded; consequently, if plans become or cease to be fully funded under 
CAS due to our asset or liability experience, our CAS expense will change accordingly.

The change in our FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment of $38 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven by a $294 million
increase in our FAS expense and a $256 million increase in our CAS expense. The increase in the FAS expense in 2017 was 
primarily due to the decrease in our long-term ROA assumption from 8.0% to 7.5% as of December 31, 2016 and our annual 

63

actuarial update of the unfunded benefit obligation, which takes into account final census data. The increase in our CAS 
expense in 2017 was primarily due to CAS Harmonization phased transition to the use of a discount rate based on high quality 
corporate bonds, consistent with the Pension Protection Act of 2006, to measure liabilities in determining CAS pension expense. 
The change in the discount rate used to measure liabilities for purposes of determining CAS pension expense has been included 
in our contracts through our overhead forward pricing rates.

The change in our FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment of $253 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven by a $140 million
increase in our CAS expense and a $113 million decrease in our FAS expense. The increase in the CAS expense in 2016 was 
primarily due to the CAS Harmonization phased transition to the use of a discount rate based on high quality corporate bonds, 
consistent with PPA, to measure liabilities in determining the CAS pension expense. The decrease in our FAS expense in 2016
was primarily due to the higher discount rate at December 31, 2015 compared to the discount rate as of December 31, 2014. 
The change in the discount rate used to measure liabilities for purposes of determining CAS pension expense has been included 
in our contracts through our overhead forward pricing rates.

The components of the FAS/CAS PRB Adjustment were as follows:

(In millions)
FAS (expense)
CAS expense
FAS/CAS PRB Adjustment

2017
(25)
18
(7)

$

$

2016
(16)
16
—

$

$

2015
(12)
15
3

$

$

The adoption of ASU 2017-07, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715), will split the FAS/CAS Adjustment between 
operating income and non-operating (income) expense, net, beginning in 2018. The FAS/CAS Operating Adjustment will be 
the difference between CAS expense and the service cost component of FAS expense. The non-operating component, referred 
to as other pension expense, will be the remaining components of FAS expense. For 2018 compared to 2017, we currently 
expect our FAS expense to increase by $80 million and our CAS expense to increase by $148 million driven by the differences 
in the assumptions and the recognition period for gains and losses under FAS and CAS. Both FAS expense and CAS expense 
are subject to our annual update, as discussed above. After 2018, FAS expense and CAS expense are more difficult to predict 
because future FAS and CAS expense is based on a number of key assumptions for future periods. Differences between those 
assumptions and future actual results could significantly change both FAS and CAS expense in future periods. However, based 
solely on our current assumptions at December 31, 2017, we would expect our CAS expense to be higher than FAS expense, 
resulting in increased income in 2019.

Corporate
Corporate operating income consists of unallocated costs and certain other corporate costs not considered part of management’s 
evaluation of reportable segment operating performance. 
 
Operating income related to Corporate was as follows:

(In millions)
Corporate

2017
(59)

$

2016
(57)

2015
(101)

$

$

Operating income related to Corporate in 2017 was relatively consistent with 2016.

The increase in operating income related to Corporate of $44 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to $26 
million of Websense transaction and integration-related expenses in 2015.

64

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY
 
Overview
We pursue a capital deployment strategy that balances funding for growing our business, including: (1) capital expenditures, 
acquisitions and research and development; (2) prudently managing our balance sheet, including debt repayments and pension 
contributions; and (3) returning cash to our shareholders, including dividend payments and share repurchases, as outlined 
below. Our need for, cost of and access to funds are dependent on future operating results, as well as other external conditions. 
We currently expect that cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale securities, cash flow from operations and other available 
financing resources will be sufficient to meet anticipated operating, capital expenditure, investment, debt service and other 
financing requirements during the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. 
 
In addition, the following table highlights selected measures of our liquidity and capital resources at December 31: 

(In millions)
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Working capital
Amount available under our credit facilities

 
Operating Activities 

(In millions)
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

$

2017
2,747
2,745

$

$

2017
3,103
297
3,978
950

2016
2,852
2,852

$

$

2016
3,303
100
4,346
1,250

2015
2,346
2,359

The decrease of $107 million in net cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to an 
increase in pension contributions, as discussed below, partially offset by the timing of collections, which was driven by higher 
customer advances received in 2017. The increase of $493 million in net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 compared 
to 2015 was primarily due to lower net tax payments as discussed below and the change in inventory as presented in the 
consolidated statements of cash flows principally due to the timing of capitalized precontract and other deferred costs, partially 
offset by the eBorders settlement payment received in the second quarter of 2015.
 
Pension Plan Contributions—We may make both required and discretionary contributions to our pension plans. Required 
contributions are primarily determined in accordance with the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (PPA), which amended the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) rules and are affected by the actual return on plan assets (ROA) 
and plan funded status. The funding requirements under the PPA require us to fully fund our pension plans over a rolling 
seven-year period as determined annually based upon the funded status at the beginning of the year. The PPA funded status 
is based on actual asset performance, averaged over three years and PPA discount rates, which are based on a 24-month average 
of high quality corporate bond rates, as published by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). As discussed in Critical Accounting 
Estimates, the STE Act, the HATFA and the BBA of 2015 were passed by Congress and signed by the President in 2012, 2014 
and 2015, respectively. The STE Act includes a provision for temporary pension funding relief due to the low interest rate 
environment. The provision adjusts the 24-month average high quality corporate bond rates used to determine the PPA funded 
status so that they are within a floor and cap, or “corridor,” based on the 25-year average of corporate bond rates. The STE 
Act gradually phased out this interest rate provision beginning in 2013. The HATFA and the BBA of 2015 extended the phase 
out provisions until 2020. As a result, the interest rates used to determine PPA funded status will continue to be adjusted within 
a “corridor” and do not begin to phase out until 2020.

We made the following required and discretionary contributions during the years ended December 31:  

(In millions)
Required pension contributions
Discretionary pension contributions
PRB contributions
Total

 

2017
615
1,000
27
1,642

$

$

2016
145
500
25
670

$

$

2015
339
200
22
561

$

$

65

The increase in required pension contributions of $470 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily driven by the low 
interest rate environment. The decrease of $194 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the HATFA as described 
above. 

We expect to make required contributions to our pension and PRB plans of $963 million in 2018. We periodically evaluate 
whether to make discretionary contributions. Due to the differences in requirements and calculation methodologies, our FAS 
pension expense or income is not indicative of the funding requirement or amount of government recovery.

Tax Payments and Refunds—We made the following net tax payments during the years ended December 31:

(In millions)
Federal
Foreign
State

$

2017
765
77
36

$

2016
710
47
22

$

2015
1,008
43
30

The increase in net tax payments of $99 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the timing and amount of 
pension contributions. Federal and foreign net tax payments for 2018 are expected to approximate $630 million. The decrease 
in expected federal and foreign net tax payments in 2018 is primarily due to the impact of the 2017 Act and the timing and 
amount of pension contributions, partially offset by 2017 tax initiatives which decreased taxable income. In the near term, we 
expect the changes in the 2017 Act to reduce our cash tax payments compared to those required under prior law.

The decrease in net tax payments of $302 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the timing and amount of 
pension contributions. 
 
Interest Payments—We made interest payments on our outstanding debt of $214 million, $231 million and $232 million in 
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in interest payments in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the 
repayment of $591 million of long-term debt in the second quarter of 2017. Interest payments in 2016 were relatively consistent 
with 2015. 
 
Investing Activities 

(In millions)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

2017
(817)

$

2016
53

$

2015
$ (1,744)

The change of $870 million in net cash provided by (used in) investing activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to our short-term investment activity, which is described below. The change of $1,797 million in net cash provided by 
(used in) investing activities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to $1,897 million of lower cash payments for 
acquisitions in 2016 as compared to 2015, partially offset by a $155 million increase in additions to property, plant and 
equipment, both of which are described below.

Additions  to  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  and  Capitalized  Internal  Use  Software—Additions  to  property,  plant  and 
equipment and capitalized internal use software were as follows: 

(In millions)
Additions to property, plant and equipment
Additions to capitalized internal use software

$

2017
543
68

$

2016
561
64

$

2015
406
51

 
Additions to property, plant and equipment in 2017 were relatively consistent with 2016.

The increase in additions to property, plant and equipment of $155 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to 
anticipated growth and investment in productivity initiatives across the Company, including factory automation and equipment 
upgrades.

66

We  expect  full-year  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  capitalized  internal  use  software  expenditures  to  be  between 
approximately $835–$860 million and $75–$90 million, respectively, in 2018, consistent with the anticipated needs of our 
business and for specific investments including capital assets and facility improvements.

Short-term Investments Activity—We invest in marketable securities in accordance with our short-term investment policy and 
cash management strategy. These marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value as 
short-term investments in our consolidated balance sheets. Activity related to short-term investments was as follows:  

(In millions)
Purchases of short-term investments
Sales of short-term investments
Maturities of short-term investments

$

2017
(696)
—
517

$

2016
(472)
—
1,184

2015
$ (1,392)
209
1,793

As of December 31, 2017, our short-term investments had an average maturity of approximately three months.

Acquisitions—In pursuing our business strategies, we acquire and make investments in certain businesses that meet strategic 
and financial criteria. Payments for purchases of acquired companies, net of cash acquired, were as follows: 

(In millions)
Payments for purchases of acquired companies, net of cash received

2017
93

$

2016
57

$

2015
1,954

$

The increase of $36 million in payments for acquired companies, net of cash received, in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily 
due to Forcepoint’s acquisitions of the Skyfence CASB business, in February 2017, and RedOwl, in August 2017, partially 
offset by the 2016 acquisition of the Stonesoft NGFW business, including the Sidewinder proxy firewall technology.

The decrease of $1,897 million in payments for acquired companies, net of cash received, in 2016 compared to 2015 was 
primarily due to the 2015 acquisition of Websense for $1.9 billion and Foreground Security for $62 million, partially offset 
by Forcepoint’s acquisition of the Stonesoft NGFW business, including the Sidewinder proxy firewall technology, in 2016.
 
Financing Activities

(In millions)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

2017
$ (2,116)

2016
$ (1,930)

2015
$ (1,509)

We generally use cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from the issuance of new debt as our primary source for 
the repayment of debt, payment of dividends, pension contributions and the repurchase of our common stock. The change of 
$186 million in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the repayment 
of $591 million of long-term debt in the second quarter of 2017, partially offset by the net proceeds from commercial paper 
issuance of $300 million in 2017, the activity on our share repurchases as discussed below and the $90 million net cash payment 
that we made to Thales S.A. in the second quarter of 2016 related to our acquisition of Thales S.A.’s noncontrolling interest 
in Raytheon Command and Control Solutions LLC (RCCS LLC) and the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS 
as a result of the amendment to the joint venture agreement.

The change of $421 million in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily 
due to the sale of noncontrolling interest in Forcepoint in the second quarter of 2015 for $343 million and the $90 million net 
cash payment that we made to Thales S.A. in the second quarter of 2016 related to our acquisition of Thales S.A.’s noncontrolling 
interest in RCCS LLC and the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS.

Commercial Paper—In 2017, we received net proceeds of $300 million from the issuance of short-term commercial paper.

Long-term Debt—In the second quarter of 2017, we exercised our call rights to repurchase, at prices based on fixed spreads 
to the U.S. Treasury rates, $591 million of our long-term debt due March and December 2018 at a loss of $39 million pretax, 
$25 million after tax, which is included in other (income) expense, net in 2017.

67

Share Repurchases—From time to time, our Board of Directors authorizes the repurchase of shares of our common stock. In 
November 2015, our Board authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. In November 
2017, our Board also authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. At 
December 31, 2017, we had approximately $2.8 billion available under the 2017 and 2015 repurchase programs. Share 
repurchases will take place from time to time at management’s discretion depending on market conditions. 

Share repurchases also include shares surrendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with
restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs) and Long-term Performance Plan (LTPP) awards issued to employees. 

Our share repurchases were as follows:  

(In millions)
Shares repurchased under our share repurchase programs
Shares repurchased to satisfy tax withholding obligations
Total share repurchases

2017

2016

2015

$
800
85
885

$

$

Shares
4.9
0.6
5.5

$
900
96
996

$

$

Shares
6.9
0.8
7.7

$

$ 1,000
99
$ 1,099

Shares
9.0
0.9
9.9

Cash Dividends—Our Board of Directors authorized the following cash dividends:  

(In millions, except per share amounts)
Cash dividends per share
Dividends paid

$

2017
3.19
910

$

2016
2.93
850

$

2015
2.68
797

 
In March 2017, our Board of Directors authorized an 8.9% increase to our annual dividend payout rate from $2.93 to $3.19
per share. In March 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a 9.3% increase to our annual dividend payout rate from $2.68 
to $2.93 per share. Dividends are subject to quarterly approval by our Board of Directors.

Sale of Noncontrolling Interest in Forcepoint—In connection with the Websense acquisition in the second quarter of 2015, 
we combined Websense with RCP to form Forcepoint and then sold 19.7% of the equity interest in Forcepoint to Vista Equity 
Partners for $343 million. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES
Total long-term debt was $4.8 billion and $5.3 billion at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. Our 
outstanding debt bears contractual interest at fixed interest rates ranging from 2.5% to 7.2% and matures at various dates from 
2020 through 2044.
 
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments—Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $3.4 
billion at both December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. We may invest in: U.S. Treasuries; AAA/Aaa rated money market 
funds; certificates of deposit, time deposits and commercial paper of banks with a minimum long-term debt rating of A or A2 
and minimum short-term debt rating of A-1 and P-1; and commercial paper of corporations with a minimum long-term debt 
rating of A- or A3 and minimum short-term debt rating of A-2 and P-2. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 
balances held at our foreign subsidiaries were $1,246 million and $641 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, 
respectively. We continuously evaluate our liquidity needs and ability to meet global cash requirements as a part of our overall 
capital deployment strategy. Factors that affect our global capital deployment strategy include anticipated cash flows, the 
ability to repatriate cash in a tax efficient manner, funding requirements for operations and investment activities, acquisitions 
and divestitures and capital market conditions. 

Commercial Paper—The Company may issue up to $1.25 billion of unsecured commercial paper notes, as the commercial 
paper is backed by our credit facility. The commercial paper notes outstanding have original maturities of not more than 90
days from the date of issuance. At December 31, 2017, short-term commercial paper borrowings outstanding were $300 
million, which had a weighted-average interest rate and original maturity period of 1.583% and 20 days, respectively. The 
maximum amount of short-term commercial paper borrowings outstanding during 2017 was $340 million. At December 31, 
2016, there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding.

68

Credit Facilities—In November 2015, we entered into a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility maturing in November 2020.
Under the $1.25 billion credit facility, we can borrow, issue letters of credit and backstop commercial paper. Borrowings under 
this facility bear interest at various rate options, including LIBOR plus a margin based on our credit ratings. Based on our 
credit ratings at December 31, 2017, borrowings would generally bear interest at LIBOR plus 80.5 basis points. The credit 
facility is composed of commitments from approximately 20 separate highly rated lenders, each committing no more than 
10% of the facility. As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 there were no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding 
under this credit facility. We had $300 million of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2017, reducing the amount 
available under our credit facility to $950 million. 

Under the $1.25 billion credit facility we must comply with certain covenants, including a ratio of total debt to total capitalization 
of no more than 60%. We were in compliance with the credit facility covenants as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 
2016. Our ratio of total debt to total capitalization, as those terms are defined in the credit facility, was 33.6% at December 31, 
2017. We are providing this ratio as this metric is used by our lenders to monitor our leverage and is also a threshold that could 
limit our ability to utilize this facility. 

Shelf Registrations—We have an effective shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, filed 
in June 2016, which covers the registration of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock and warrants. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
The following is a schedule of our contractual obligations outstanding at December 31, 2017: 

(In millions)
Debt(1)
Interest payments
Operating leases
Purchase obligations
Total
(1)  Debt includes scheduled principal payments only.

$

Total
4,792
2,262
1,041
9,708
$ 17,803

Less than
1 year
(2018)
—
193
229
7,957
8,379

$

$

Payment due by period

1–3 years
(2019–2020)
1,500
$
374
338
1,578
3,790

$

3–5 years
(2021–2022)
1,100
$
278
212
167
1,757

$

$

After 5 years
(2023 and
thereafter)
2,192
1,417
262
6
3,877

$

Interest payments in the table above include interest on debt that is redeemable at our option. Purchase obligations in the table 
above represent enforceable and legally binding agreements with suppliers to purchase goods or services. We enter into 
contracts with customers, primarily the U.S. government, which entitle us to full recourse for costs incurred, including purchase 
obligations, in the event the contract is terminated by the customer for convenience. These purchase obligations are included 
above notwithstanding the amount for which we are entitled to full recourse from our customers. 

The table above does not include required pension and PRB contributions. We expect to make required pension and PRB 
contributions of approximately $963 million in 2018, exclusive of any U.S. government recovery. Amounts beyond 2018 for 
required pension and PRB contributions depend upon actuarial assumptions, actual plan asset performance and other factors 
described under pension costs in Critical Accounting Estimates. However, based solely on our current assumptions, we expect 
our funding requirements to be approximately $884 million in 2019, exclusive of any U.S. government recovery. The table 
above also does not include the payments related to the provisional one-time transition tax liability recorded in connection 
with the enactment of the 2017 Act. The provisional transition tax liability was $71 million at December 31, 2017 and is 
payable over a period of up to eight years.

Interest payments include interest on debt that is redeemable at our option.
  
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
At December 31, 2017, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases and guarantees to 
third parties on behalf of our affiliates as described below in Commitments and Contingencies. Such arrangements are not 
material to our overall liquidity or capital resources, market risk support or credit risk support as described below.

69

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Environmental Matters—We are involved in various stages of investigation and cleanup related to remediation of various 
environmental sites. Our estimate of the liability of total environmental remediation costs includes the use of a discount rate 
and takes into account that a portion of these costs is eligible for future recovery through the pricing of our products and 
services to the U.S. government. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of these costs, which requires us to make 
assumptions about the extent of cost recovery under our contracts and the amount of future contract activity. We consider such 
recovery probable based on government contracting regulations and our long history of receiving reimbursement for such 
costs, and accordingly have recorded the estimated future recovery of these costs from the U.S. government within prepaid 
expenses and other current assets, in our consolidated balance sheets. Our estimates regarding remediation costs to be incurred 
were as follows at December 31: 

(In millions, except percentages)
Total remediation costs—undiscounted
Weighted-average discount rate
Total remediation costs—discounted
Recoverable portion

$

$

2017
206
5.2%
142
92

$

$

2016
219
5.2%
147
92

 
We also lease certain government-owned properties and generally are not liable for remediation of preexisting environmental 
contamination at these sites. As a result, we generally do not provide for these costs in our consolidated financial statements.

Due to the complexity of environmental laws and regulations, the varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup 
methods and technologies, the uncertainty of insurance coverage and the unresolved extent of our responsibility, it is difficult 
to determine the ultimate outcome of environmental matters. However, we do not expect any additional liability to have a 
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

Environmental remediation costs expected to be incurred are: 

(In millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

 
$

39
22
13
12
12
108

 
Financing Arrangements and Other—We issue guarantees, and banks and surety companies issue, on our behalf, letters of 
credit and surety bonds to meet various bid, performance, warranty, retention and advance payment obligations for us or our 
affiliates. These instruments expire on various dates through 2026. Additional guarantees of project performance for which 
there is no stated value also remain outstanding. The stated values outstanding consisted of the following at December 31:  

(In millions)
Guarantees
Letters of credit
Surety bonds

$

2017
216
2,416
166

$

2016
190
2,345
127

 
Included in guarantees and letters of credit described above were $216 million and $47 million, respectively, at December 31, 
2017, and $180 million and $44 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016, related to our joint venture in Thales-Raytheon 
Systems Air and Missile Defense Command and Control S.A.S. (TRS AMDC2). We provide these guarantees and letters of 
credit to TRS AMDC2 and other affiliates to assist these entities in obtaining financing on more favorable terms, making bids 
on contracts and performing their contractual obligations. While we expect these entities to satisfy their loans and meet their 
project performance and other contractual obligations, their failure to do so may result in a future obligation to us. We 
periodically  evaluate  the  risk  of TRS AMDC2  and  other  affiliates  failing  to  meet  their  obligations  described  above. At 
December 31, 2017, we believe the risk that TRS AMDC2 and other affiliates will not be able to meet their obligations is 
minimal for the foreseeable future based on their current financial condition. All obligations were current at December 31, 

70

2017. At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, we had an estimated liability of $2 million and $3 million, respectively, 
related to these guarantees and letters of credit.

The joint venture agreement between Raytheon and Vista Equity Partners relating to Forcepoint provides Vista Equity Partners 
with certain rights to require Forcepoint to pursue an initial public offering at any time after four years and three months 
following the closing date of May 29, 2015, or pursue a sale of the company at any time after five years following the closing 
date. In either of these events, Raytheon has the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of Vista Equity Partners’ interest 
in Forcepoint for cash at a price equal to fair value as determined under the joint venture agreement. Additionally, Vista Equity 
Partners has the ability to liquidate its ownership through a put option, which became exercisable on May 29, 2017. The put 
option allows Vista Equity Partners to require Raytheon to purchase all (but not less than all) of Vista Equity Partners’ interest 
in Forcepoint for cash at a price equal to fair value as determined under the joint venture agreement. The joint venture agreement 
provides for the process under which the parties would determine the fair value of the interest and could result in a payment 
by Raytheon shortly after the exercise of the put option; however, the ultimate timing will depend on the actions of the parties 
and other factors. Lastly, at any time on or after three years following the closing date, Raytheon has the option to purchase 
all (but not less than all) of Vista Equity Partners’ interest in Forcepoint at a price equal to fair value as determined under the 
joint venture agreement. At December 31, 2017, the fair value of the noncontrolling interest is estimated at $512 million and 
is subject to change based upon market conditions and business performance. The estimate of fair value for purposes of 
presenting the redeemable noncontrolling interest, outside of stockholders’ equity, in our consolidated balance sheets could 
differ from the parties’ determination of fair value for the put option under the joint venture agreement. 

We have entered into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset agreements or ICIP, as a 
condition to obtaining orders for our products and services from certain customers in foreign countries. At December 31, 
2017, the aggregate amount of our offset agreements, both agreed to and anticipated to be agreed to, had an outstanding 
notional value of approximately $8.7 billion. To the extent we have entered into purchase obligations that satisfy our offset 
agreements, those amounts are included in the Contractual Obligations table on page 69. These agreements are designed to 
return economic value to the foreign country by requiring us to engage in activities supporting local defense or commercial 
industries, promoting a balance of trade, developing in-country technology capabilities or addressing other local development 
priorities. Offset agreements may be satisfied through activities that do not require a direct cash payment, including transferring 
technology, providing manufacturing, training and other consulting support to in-country projects, and the purchase by third 
parties (e.g., our vendors) of supplies from in-country vendors. These agreements may also be satisfied through our use of 
cash for activities such as subcontracting with local partners, purchasing supplies from in-country vendors, providing financial 
support for in-country projects and making investments in local ventures. Such activities may also vary by country depending 
upon requirements as dictated by their governments. We typically do not commit to offset agreements until orders for our 
products or services are definitive. The amounts ultimately applied against our offset agreements are based on negotiations 
with the customers and typically require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the notional value in the offset agreements. 
Offset programs usually extend over several or more years and may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in 
accordance with offset requirements. We have historically not been required to pay any such penalties.

As a U.S. government contractor, we are subject to many levels of audit and investigation by the U.S. government relating to 
our contract performance and compliance with applicable rules and regulations. Agencies that oversee contract performance 
include: the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA); the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA); the Inspectors 
General of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and other departments and agencies; the Government Accountability Office 
(GAO); the Department of Justice (DOJ); and Congressional Committees. Other areas of our business operations may also 
be subject to audit and investigation by these and/or other agencies. From time to time, agencies investigate or conduct audits 
to determine whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with applicable requirements. Such investigations 
and audits may be initiated due to a number of reasons, including as a result of a whistleblower complaint. Such investigations 
and audits could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed 
upon us, the suspension of government export licenses or the suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting. 
U.S. government investigations often take years to complete and many result in no adverse action against us. Our final allowable 
incurred costs for each year are also subject to audit and have, from time to time, resulted in disputes between us and the U.S. 
government, with litigation resulting at the Court of Federal Claims (COFC) or the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals 
(ASBCA) or their related courts of appeals. In addition, the DOJ has, from time to time, convened grand juries to investigate 
possible irregularities by us. We also provide products and services to customers outside of the U.S., and those sales are subject 
to local government laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices. Our compliance with such local government 
regulations or any applicable U.S. government regulations (e.g., the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and International 

71

Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)) may also be investigated or audited. Other than as specifically disclosed herein, we do 
not expect these audits, investigations or disputes to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or 
liquidity, either individually or in the aggregate.

We do not expect any material impact on our financial results from regional developments regarding Qatar. Almost all of our 
contracts in Qatar are foreign military sales contracts through the U.S. government and represent less than 5.7% of our backlog 
at December 31, 2017. In addition, with respect to pending U.S. government approval of certain of our contracts for other 
Gulf Cooperation Council members, we believe the timing of these pending approvals will not have a material impact on our 
financial results. Our direct commercial sale contracts for precision guided munitions to certain Middle Eastern customers 
contain requirements for U.S. government approvals from the State Department and Congress through the Congressional 
Notification process. These contracts also contain clauses which may terminate the contract if those approvals are not received 
by a stated date or that date is not otherwise changed. While some uncertainty exists over the timing of those approvals, we 
believe it is probable we will receive the approvals by the stated dates or have otherwise changed the contracts such that we 
believe it is probable we will meet the requirements. However, if we do not meet the requirements or approvals by the stated 
dates, as applicable, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We have approximately $2.3 billion of 
total contract value and have recognized approximately $350 million of sales for work performed to date on these contracts 
and the related customer advances and payments for these contracts. 

On June 23, 2016, the U.K. held a referendum in which British citizens approved an exit from the European Union (EU), 
commonly referred to as “Brexit.” As a result of the referendum, there has been volatility in exchange rates versus the U.S. 
dollar which may continue as the U.K. negotiates its exit from the EU. The British pound is the functional currency for 
approximately 2% of our sales. In addition, for any contracts that are not denominated in the same currency as the functional 
currency (for example, contracts denominated in British pounds where the functional currency is the U.S. dollar), we enter 
into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our risk related to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. As a result, 
we currently do not expect the U.K.’s exit from the EU to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations 
or liquidity. 

In addition, various other claims and legal proceedings generally incidental to the normal course of business are pending or 
threatened against, or initiated by, us. We do not expect any of these proceedings to result in any additional liability or gains 
that would materially affect our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. In connection with certain of our legal 
matters, we may be entitled to insurance recovery for qualified legal costs or other incurred costs. We do not expect any 
insurance recovery to have a material impact on the financial exposure that could result from these matters.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
 
Our primary market exposures are to interest rates and foreign exchange rates. 
 
We generally supplement our working capital requirements with a combination of variable-rate short-term and fixed-rate long-
term financing. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts with commercial banks to fix the foreign currency exchange 
rates on specific commitments, payments to vendors and customer receipts. We may enter into interest rate swap agreements 
with commercial and investment banks to manage interest rates associated with our financing arrangements. The market-risk 
sensitive instruments we use for hedging are directly related to a particular asset, liability or transaction for which a firm 
commitment is in place. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
 
The following tables provide information as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 about our market risk exposure 
associated with changing interest rates. For long-term debt obligations, the table presents principal cash flows by maturity 
date and average interest rates related to outstanding obligations. There were no interest rate swaps outstanding at December 31, 
2017 and December 31, 2016.

72

Principal payments and interest rate detail for long-term debt by contractual maturity dates as of December 31, 2017 and 
December 31, 2016, respectively, were as follows:  

(In millions, except
percentages)
Fixed-rate debt
Average interest rate

(In millions, except
percentages)
Fixed-rate debt
Average interest rate

$

$

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

— $
—

— $ 1,500
—

3.550%

$

— $ 1,100
—

Thereafter
$ 2,192

Total

$ 4,792

Fair Value
$
5,293

2.500% 5.097% 4.017%

2017

— $
—

2018
591

6.549%

$

2019

2020
— $ 1,500
—

3.550%

$

2021

Thereafter
— $ 3,292
—

4.229%

Total
$ 5,383

$
4.295%  

Fair Value
5,848

 
In addition, the aggregate notional amount of the outstanding foreign currency forward contracts was $1,354 million and 
$1,277 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. The net notional exposure of these contracts was 
approximately $525 million and $342 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.

The fair value of asset derivatives included in other assets, net and liability derivatives included in other current liabilities in 
our  consolidated  balance  sheets  related  to  foreign  currency  contracts  were  $28  million  and  $17  million,  respectively  at 
December 31, 2017 and $53 million and $48 million, respectively at December 31, 2016. 

For foreign currency forward contracts designated and qualifying for hedge accounting, we record the effective portion of the 
gain or loss on the derivative in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, and reclassify it into earnings in the same 
period or periods during which the hedged revenue or cost of sales transaction affects earnings. Realized gains and losses 
resulting from these cash flow hedges offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses on the underlying assets or 
liabilities being hedged. We believe our exposure due to changes in foreign currency rates is not material due to our hedging 
policy. 

At December 31, 2017, we had short-term investments with a fair value of $297 million, which are classified as available-
for-sale and consist of highly rated bank certificates of deposit with a minimum long-term debt rating of A or A2 and a minimum 
short-term debt rating of A-1 and P-1. Our exposure due to changes in interest rates is not material due to the nature and 
amount of our short-term investments (i.e., high-quality certificates of deposit which had an average maturity of approximately 
three months).

73

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 

Topic
Company Responsibility for Financial Statements ....................................................................................................
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting .......................................................................
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ......................................................................................
Consolidated Balance Sheets .....................................................................................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Operations .....................................................................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.................................................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Equity ............................................................................................................................
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ....................................................................................................................
Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ...............................................................................................
Note 2: Earnings Per Share (EPS)..............................................................................................................................
Note 3: eBorders Settlement ......................................................................................................................................
Note 4: Acquisitions and Goodwill ............................................................................................................................
Note 5: Thales-Raytheon Systems Co. Ltd. (TRS) Joint Venture ..............................................................................
Note 6: Receivables, Net............................................................................................................................................
Note 7: Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities .......................................................................................................
Note 8: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net ..............................................................................................................
Note 9: Other Assets, Net...........................................................................................................................................
Note 10: Commercial Paper and Long-term Debt .....................................................................................................
Note 11: Commitments and Contingencies................................................................................................................
Note 12: Forcepoint Joint Venture..............................................................................................................................
Note 13: Stockholders' Equity....................................................................................................................................
Note 14: Stock-based Compensation Plans................................................................................................................
Note 15: Pension and Other Employee Benefits........................................................................................................
Note 16: Income Taxes...............................................................................................................................................
Note 17: Business Segment Reporting.......................................................................................................................
Note 18: Quarterly Operating Results (Unaudited)....................................................................................................

Page
74
75
76
78
79
80
81
82
83
95
95
95
98
98
99
99
100
100
102
104
105
105
109
119
122
132

COMPANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The  financial  statements  and  related  information  contained  in  this Annual  Report  have  been  prepared  by  and  are  the 
responsibility of our management. Our financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America and reflect judgments and estimates as to the expected effects of transactions 
and events currently being reported. Our management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of the financial statements 
and other financial information included in this Annual Report. To meet this responsibility, we maintain a system of internal 
control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and that transactions are properly 
executed and recorded. The system includes policies and procedures, internal audits and our officers’ reviews.
 
Our Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is composed solely of directors who are independent under applicable Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC) and New York Stock Exchange rules. Our Audit Committee meets periodically and, when 
appropriate, separately with representatives of the independent registered public accounting firm, our officers and the internal 
auditors to monitor the activities of each.
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, was appointed by our Audit Committee to 
audit our financial statements and our internal control over financial reporting and their report follows. Our stockholders 
ratified the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP at the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

74

MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act, management has conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria in Internal Control – Integrated 
Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. The 
Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial 
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are 
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance 
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
Based on its assessment, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial 
reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria in Internal Control – Integrated Framework, issued by the COSO in 
2013. The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, has been audited 
by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included 
below.

/s/ Thomas A. Kennedy
Thomas A. Kennedy
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Anthony F. O’Brien
Anthony F. O’Brien
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

75

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Raytheon Company
 
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Raytheon Company and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity, and of cash flows 
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the 
“consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee 
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each 
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control 
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the COSO.

Change in Accounting Principles

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for 
revenue from contracts with customers in 2017 and the manner in which it accounts for the income tax effects of share based 
payment transactions in 2016.

Basis for Opinions

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal 
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included 
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express 
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting 
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, 
whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material 
respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. 
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by 
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal 
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on  the  assessed  risk.  Our  audits  also  included  performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered  necessary  in  the 
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 

76

accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures 
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to 
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, 
or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
February 14, 2018 

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1961.

77

RAYTHEON COMPANY

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
 

(In millions, except per share amount) December 31:
Assets
Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Receivables, net
Contract assets
Inventories
Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment, net
Goodwill
Other assets, net

Total assets

Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Equity
Current liabilities

Commercial paper
Contract liabilities
Accounts payable
Accrued employee compensation
Other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Accrued retiree benefits and other long-term liabilities
Long-term debt
Commitments and contingencies (Note 11)

Redeemable noncontrolling interest (Note 12)

Equity

Raytheon Company stockholders’ equity

Common stock, par value, $0.01 per share, 1,450 shares authorized, 288 and 293

shares outstanding at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Additional paid-in capital
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Retained earnings

Total Raytheon Company stockholders’ equity

Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries

Total equity

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity

 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

3
—
(7,935)
17,895
9,963
—
9,963
$30,860

78

2017

 
 
$ 3,103
297
1,324
5,247
594
761
11,326
2,439
14,871
2,224
$30,860

300
2,927
1,519
1,342
1,260
7,348
8,287
4,750

 
 
$

 
 

2016

 
 
$ 3,303
100
1,163
5,041
608
670
10,885
2,166
14,788
2,399
$30,238

 
 
$ —
2,646
1,520
1,234
1,139
6,539
7,758
5,335

 
 

3
—
(7,411)
17,565
10,157
—
10,157
$30,238

512

449

RAYTHEON COMPANY
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
 

(In millions, except per share amounts) Years Ended December 31:
Net sales

Products
Services
Total net sales
Operating expenses

Cost of sales—products
Cost of sales—services
General and administrative expenses

Total operating expenses
Operating income
Non-operating (income) expense, net

Interest expense
Interest income
Other (income) expense, net

Total non-operating (income) expense, net
Income from continuing operations before taxes
Federal and foreign income taxes
Income from continuing operations
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
Net income

Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries

Net income attributable to Raytheon Company

Basic earnings per share attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders:

Income from continuing operations
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
Net income

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Raytheon Company common

stockholders:

Income from continuing operations
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
Net income

Amounts attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders:

Income from continuing operations
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
Net income

Dividends declared per share

 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

 

79

2017

 
$21,416
3,932
25,348

 

15,872
3,204
2,954
22,030
3,318

205
(21)
21
205
3,113
1,114
1,999
2
2,001
(23)
$ 2,024

 
$

 
$

6.95
0.01
6.96

6.94
0.01
6.95

2016

 
$20,309
3,815
24,124

 

14,853
3,112
2,864
20,829
3,295

232
(16)
(6)
210
3,085
873
2,212
1
2,213
(31)
$ 2,244

 
$

 
$

7.55
—
7.56

7.55
—
7.55

2015

 
$19,623
3,698
23,321

 

14,563
3,045
2,646
20,254
3,067

233
(11)
4
226
2,841
747
2,094
13
2,107
(3)
$ 2,110

 
$

 
$

6.88
0.04
6.92

6.87
0.04
6.91

 
$ 2,022
2
$ 2,024

 
$ 2,243
1
$ 2,244

 
$ 2,097
13
$ 2,110

$

3.19

$

2.93

$

2.68

RAYTHEON COMPANY
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(In millions) Years Ended December 31:
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:

Pension and other postretirement benefit plans, net:
Prior service (cost) credit arising during period
Amortization of prior service cost (credit) included in net income
Actuarial gain (loss) arising during period
Amortization of net actuarial loss included in net income
Loss due to curtailments/settlements
Effect of exchange rates

Pension and other postretirement benefit plans, net
Foreign exchange translation
Cash flow hedges
Unrealized gains (losses) on investments and other, net

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax
Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Total comprehensive income (loss)

Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in

subsidiaries

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Raytheon Company

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

2017
$ 2,001

2016
$ 2,213

2015
$ 2,107

(15)
4
(1,816)
1,187
3
(14)
(651)
80
10
(1)
(562)
38
(524)
1,477

(1)
4
(1,238)
1,002
5
25
(203)
(115)
25
15
(278)
43
(235)
1,978

(2)
6
(622)
1,129
4
10
525
(57)
(4)
(5)
459
(177)
282
2,389

(23)
$ 1,500

(31)
$ 2,009

(3)
$ 2,392

80

RAYTHEON COMPANY 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY

Common
stock
3

$
 

Additional
paid-in
capital
$ 1,309
 

$
 

Accumulated 
other
comprehensive 
income (loss)

Retained
earnings
(7,458) $15,684
2,110

Total
Raytheon
Company
stockholders’
equity
9,538
2,110

$

Noncontrolling 
interests in 
subsidiaries(1)
196
$
10

Total equity
9,734
$
2,120

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3

3

 

(2)
 

190
(1,099)
398

3
160
(561)
—

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

282

 

282

 

(25)

(25)

 

 
 

(813)

16,956
2,244

(7,176)

(235)

 

(2)
(813)
190
(1,099)
10,181
2,244

(235)

(138)

(138)

 

(195)
(867)

(435)
17,565
2,024

(195)
(864)
160
(996)
10,157
2,024

(7,411)

 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 

(524)

 

(524)

 

(41)

(41)

 

(4)

202
(15)

(187)

—

282

(25)

(6)
(813)
190
(1,099)
10,383
2,229

(235)

(138)

(382)
(864)
160
(996)
10,157
2,024

(524)

(41)

Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015 (in millions):
Balance at December 31, 2014
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income

(loss), net of tax

Adjustment of redeemable
noncontrolling interest to
redemption value

Distributions and other activity

related to noncontrolling
interests

Dividends declared
Common stock plans activity
Share repurchases
Balance at December 31, 2015
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income

(loss), net of tax

Adjustment of redeemable
noncontrolling interest to
redemption value

Distributions and other activity

related to noncontrolling
interests

Dividends declared
Common stock plans activity
Share repurchases
Balance at December 31, 2016
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income

(loss), net of tax

Adjustment of redeemable
noncontrolling interest to
redemption value

Distributions and other activity

related to noncontrolling
interests

Dividends declared
Common stock plans activity
Share repurchases
Balance at December 31, 2017
(1)   Excludes redeemable noncontrolling interest which is not considered equity. See “Note 12: Forcepoint Joint Venture” for additional information.

(724)
(7,935) $17,895

2
159
(161)

— $

 
 
 
$

(929)

$

3

$

$

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
— $

—
(927)
159
(885)
9,963

—
(927)
159
(885)
9,963

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

81

RAYTHEON COMPANY
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In millions) Years Ended December 31:
Cash flows from operating activities

Net income

(Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

Income from continuing operations
Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
from continuing operations, net of the effect of acquisitions and divestitures

Depreciation and amortization
Stock-based compensation
Gain on sale of equity method investment
Loss on repayment of long-term debt
Deferred income taxes
Tax benefit from stock-based awards
Changes in assets and liabilities

Receivables, net
Contract assets and contract liabilities
Inventories
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Income taxes receivable/payable
Accounts payable
Accrued employee compensation
Other current liabilities
Accrued retiree benefits

Other, net

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from discontinued operations
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities

Additions to property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Additions to capitalized internal use software
Purchases of short-term investments
Sales of short-term investments
Maturities of short-term investments
Payments for purchases of acquired companies, net of cash received
Other

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities

Dividends paid
Net borrowings (payments) on commercial paper
Repayments of long-term debt
Loss on repayment of long-term debt
Repurchases of common stock under share repurchase programs
Repurchases of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations
Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in RCCS LLC
Contribution from noncontrolling interest in Forcepoint
Tax benefit from stock-based awards
Sale of noncontrolling interest in Forcepoint
Other

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year

 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

82

2017

2016

2015

$ 2,001
(2)
1,999

 

$ 2,213
(1)
2,212

 

$ 2,107
(13)
2,094

 

550
173
—
39
252
—

(157)
88
14
204
(193)
(94)
111
106
(250)
(95)
2,747
(2)
2,745

(543)
46
(68)
(696)
—
517
(93)
20
(817)

(910)
300
(591)
(38)
(800)
(85)
—
8
—
—
—
(2,116)
(188)
3,303
$ 3,115

515
151
(158)
—
133
—

18
(645)
(10)
205
(185)
152
77
(41)
419
9
2,852
—
2,852

(561)
34
(64)
(472)
—
1,184
(57)
(11)
53

(850)
—
—
—
(900)
(96)
(90)
11
—
—
(5)
(1,930)
975
2,328
$ 3,303

489
140
—
—
(42)
(47)

12
(656)
(187)
(61)
(181)
107
72
17
637
(48)
2,346
13
2,359

(406)
59
(51)
(1,392)
209
1,793
(1,954)
(2)
(1,744)

(797)
—
—
—
(1,000)
(99)
—
—
47
343
(3)
(1,509)
(894)
3,222
$ 2,328

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Consolidation and Classification—The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Raytheon Company, and 
all wholly-owned, majority-owned and otherwise controlled domestic and foreign subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions 
have been eliminated. For classification of certain current assets and liabilities, we use the duration of the related contract or 
program as our operating cycle, which is generally longer than one year. In addition, we reclassified certain amounts to conform 
to our current period presentation. As used in these notes, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “Raytheon” and the “Company” mean 
Raytheon Company and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates another meaning.

Use of Estimates—Our consolidated financial statements are based on the application of U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles (U.S. GAAP), which require us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts 
reported in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be 
determined with certainty. Therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results could 
differ from those estimates, and any such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements.

Revenue Recognition—Effective January 1, 2017, we elected to early adopt the requirements of Accounting Standards Update 
(ASU) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). For additional information on the new standard and 
the impact to our results of operations, refer to Accounting Standards below.

The vast majority of our revenues are from long-term contracts associated with the design, development, manufacture or 
modification of complex aerospace or defense equipment or related services. These contracts primarily are with the U.S. 
government (including foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government). Our contracts with the U.S. government 
typically are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and are priced based on estimated or actual costs of producing 
goods or providing services. The FAR provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for 
goods and services provided under U.S. government contracts. The pricing for non-U.S. government contracts is based on 
the specific negotiations with each customer.

Under the typical payment terms of our U.S. government fixed-price contracts, the customer pays us either performance-
based payments (PBPs) or progress payments. PBPs are interim payments up to 90% of the contract price based on quantifiable 
measures of performance or on the achievement of specified events or milestones. Progress payments are interim payments 
up to 80% of costs incurred as the work progresses. Because the customer retains a portion of the contract price until completion 
of the contract, our U.S. government fixed-price contracts generally result in revenue recognized in excess of billings which 
we present as contract assets on the balance sheet. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified as receivables 
on the balance sheet. The portion of the payments retained by the customer until final contract settlement is not considered a 
significant financing component because the intent is to protect the customer. For our U.S. government cost-type contracts, 
the customer generally pays us for our actual costs incurred within a short period of time. For non-U.S. government contracts, 
we typically receive interim payments as work progresses, although for some contracts, we may be entitled to receive an 
advance payment. We recognize a liability for these advance payments in excess of revenue recognized and present it as 
contract liabilities on the balance sheet. The advance payment typically is not considered a significant financing component 
because it is used to meet working capital demands that can be higher in the early stages of a contract and to protect us from 
the other party failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract. 

To determine the proper revenue recognition method for contracts for complex aerospace or defense equipment or related 
services, we evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one single contract and whether 
the combined or single contract should be accounted for as more than one performance obligation. This evaluation requires 
significant judgment and the decision to combine a group of contracts or separate the combined or single contract into multiple 
performance obligations could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. For most of our contracts, 
the customer contracts with us to provide a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a 
single project or capability (even if that single project results in the delivery of multiple units). Hence, the entire contract is 
accounted for as one performance obligation. Less commonly, however, we may promise to provide distinct goods or services 
within a contract, for example when a contract covers multiple phases of the product lifecycle (e.g., development, production, 
maintenance and support), in which case we separate the contract into more than one performance obligation. If a contract is 
separated into more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation 
in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each 

83

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

performance obligation. We infrequently sell standard products with observable standalone sales. In cases where we do, the 
observable standalone sales are used to determine the standalone selling price. More frequently, we sell a customized customer 
specific solution, and in these cases we typically use the expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone 
selling price of each performance obligation. 

We account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, 
payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. For certain 
contracts that meet the foregoing requirements, primarily international direct commercial sale contracts, we are required to 
obtain certain regulatory approvals. In these cases, we recognize revenue based on the likelihood of obtaining timely regulatory 
approvals based upon all known facts and circumstances.

We generally recognize revenue over time as we perform because of continuous transfer of control to the customer. For U.S. 
government contracts, this continuous transfer of control to the customer is supported by clauses in the contract that allow 
the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience, pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit and take 
control of any work in process. Similarly, for non-U.S. government contracts, the customer typically controls the work in 
process as evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment for work performed to date plus a 
reasonable profit to deliver products or services that do not have an alternative use to the Company. 
 
Because of control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the 
performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based 
on the nature of the products or services to be provided. We generally use the cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts 
because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-
to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to 
date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, 
are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill include labor, materials and subcontractors’ costs, other direct 
costs and an allocation of indirect costs including pension and any other postretirement benefit (PRB) expense under U.S. 
government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS).

Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of our performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue 
and cost at completion (the process described below in more detail) is complex, subject to many variables and requires 
significant judgment. It is common for our long-term contracts to contain award fees, incentive fees, or other provisions that 
can either increase or decrease the transaction price. These variable amounts generally are awarded upon achievement of 
certain performance metrics, program milestones or cost targets and can be based upon customer discretion. We estimate 
variable consideration at the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled. We include estimated amounts in the 
transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when 
the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination 
of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated 
performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us.

Contracts  are  often  modified  to  account  for  changes  in  contract  specifications  and  requirements. We  consider  contract 
modifications to exist when the modification either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. 
Most of our contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant 
integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. 
The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price and our measure of progress for the performance obligation to 
which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative 
catch-up basis.

We have a companywide standard and disciplined quarterly Estimate at Completion (EAC) process in which management 
reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations. As part of this process, management reviews information 
including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program 
schedule,  identified  risks  and  opportunities  and  the  related  changes  in  estimates  of  revenues  and  costs.  The  risks  and 
opportunities include management’s judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the schedule (e.g., the number and type 
of milestone events), technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product) and other contract 
requirements. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and availability, the complexity 

84

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, the length of time to complete the performance obligation (e.g., to 
estimate increases in wages and prices for materials and related support cost allocations), execution by our subcontractors, 
the availability and timing of funding from our customer and overhead cost rates, among other variables. These estimates also 
include the estimated cost of satisfying our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset obligations 
or in-country industrial participation (ICIP) agreements, required under certain contracts. These obligations may or may not 
be distinct depending on their nature.

Based on this analysis, any quarterly adjustments to net sales, cost of sales and the related impact to operating income are 
recognized as necessary in the period they become known. These adjustments may result from positive program performance, 
and may result in an increase in operating income during the performance of individual performance obligations, if we 
determine we will be successful in mitigating risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of those performance 
obligations or realizing related opportunities. Likewise, these adjustments may result in a decrease in operating income if we 
determine we will not be successful in mitigating these risks or realizing related opportunities. Changes in estimates of net 
sales, cost of sales and the related impact to operating income are recognized quarterly on a cumulative catch-up basis, which 
recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a performance 
obligation’s percentage of completion. A significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of 
one or more of our performance obligations. When estimates of total costs to be incurred exceed total estimates of revenue 
to be earned on a performance obligation related to complex aerospace or defense equipment or related services, or product 
maintenance or separately priced extended warranty, a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation is recognized 
in the period the loss is recorded.

Net EAC adjustments had the following impact on our operating results: 

(In millions, except per share amounts)
Operating income
Income from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company
Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company

2017
442
287
0.98

$

$

2016
418
283
0.95

$

$

2015
392
255
0.84

$

$

In addition, net revenue recognized from our performance obligations satisfied in previous periods was $520 million, $509 
million and $404 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This primarily relates to EAC adjustments that impacted 
revenue. 
 
We also sell security software through our Forcepoint segment. For the majority of these arrangements, we recognize revenue 
over the term of the agreement because the software requires continuous updates to provide the intended security functionality.
To a lesser extent in all of our business segments, we enter into other types of contracts including service arrangements and 
non-subscription software and licensing agreements. We recognize revenue for these arrangements over time or at a point in 
time depending on our evaluation of when the customer obtains control of the promised goods or services. For software 
arrangements that include multiple performance obligations, including hardware, perpetual software licenses, subscriptions, 
term licenses and maintenance and/or services, we allocate revenue to each performance obligation based on estimates of the 
price that we would charge the customer for each promised product or service if it were sold on a standalone basis.

Research and Development Expenses—Research and development expenses are included in general and administrative 
expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Expenditures for Company-sponsored research and development 
projects are expensed as incurred, and were $734 million, $755 million and $706 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
Customer-sponsored research and development projects performed under contracts are accounted for as contract costs as the 
work is performed and included in receivables, net or contract assets in our consolidated balance sheets, depending on whether 
costs have been billed or not.
 
Federal, Foreign and State Income Taxes—The Company and its domestic subsidiaries provide for federal income taxes 
on pretax accounting income at rates in effect under existing tax law. Foreign subsidiaries record provisions for income taxes 
at applicable foreign tax rates in a similar manner. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently payable because certain 
items of income and expense are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax 
purposes. The Company does not provide for a U.S. income tax liability on historical outside basis differences in our foreign 
subsidiaries which arose on or before December 31, 2017. Such outside differences are indefinitely reinvested in foreign 

85

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

operations or expected to be remitted substantially free of additional tax. With the exception of Forcepoint, payments made 
for state income taxes are included in administrative and selling expenses as these costs can generally be recovered through 
the pricing of products and services to the U.S. government in the period in which the tax is payable. Accordingly, the state 
income tax provision (benefit) is allocated to contracts when it is paid (recovered) or otherwise agreed as allocable with the 
U.S. government. Payments made for state income taxes related to Forcepoint are included in federal and foreign income tax 
expense.
 
Other Expense (Income), Net—Other expense (income), net, consists primarily of gains and losses from our investments 
held in trusts used to fund certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation and employee benefit plans, gains and losses 
on the early repurchase of long-term debt and certain financing fees. Periodically we enter into equity method or other 
investments that are not related to our core operations, including investments in early stage technology companies. We record 
the income or loss from these investments as a component of other (income) expense, net. We record losses beyond the carrying 
amount of the investment only when we guarantee obligations of the investee or commit to provide the investee further 
financial support.
 
Cash and Cash Equivalents—Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments with original maturities 
of 90 days or less at the date of purchase. The estimated fair value of cash and cash equivalents approximates the carrying 
value due to their short maturities. 

Short-term Investments—We invest in marketable securities in accordance with our short-term investment policy and cash 
management strategy. These marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value as short-
term investments in our consolidated balance sheets. These investments are deemed Level 2 assets under the fair value hierarchy 
at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, as their fair value is determined under a market approach using valuation 
models that utilize observable inputs, including maturity date, issue date, settlements date and current rates. At December 31, 
2017 and December 31, 2016, we had short-term investments of $297 million and $100 million, respectively, consisting of 
highly rated bank certificates of deposit with a minimum long-term debt rating of A or A2 and a minimum short-term debt 
rating of A-1 and P-1. As of December 31, 2017, our short-term investments had an average maturity of approximately three 
months. The amortized cost of these securities closely approximated their fair value at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 
2016. There were no securities deemed to have other than temporary declines in value for 2017. In both 2017 and 2016, we 
recorded unrealized losses on short-term investments of less than $1 million, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive 
loss (AOCL). In 2017 and 2016, we did not have any sales of short-term investments. For purposes of computing realized 
gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, we determine cost on a specific identification basis. 

Receivables, Net—Receivables, net, include amounts billed and currently due from customers. The amounts due are stated 
at their net estimated realizable value. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to provide for the estimated amount 
of receivables that will not be collected. The allowance is based upon an assessment of customer creditworthiness, historical 
payment experience, the age of outstanding receivables and collateral to the extent applicable. 

Contract Assets—Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from sales under long-term contracts when 
the cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition is utilized and revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer, 
and right to payment is not just subject to the passage of time. Amounts may not exceed their net realizable value. Contract 
assets are generally classified as current. 

Inventories—Inventories are stated at the lower of its cost (first-in, first-out or average cost) or net realizable value. An 
impairment for excess or inactive inventory is recorded based upon an analysis that considers current inventory levels, historical 
usage patterns, future sales expectations and salvage value.

 

86

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Inventories consisted of the following at December 31: 

(In millions)
Materials and purchased parts
Work in process
Finished goods
Total

2017
69
504
21
594

$

$

2016
66
532
10
608

$

$

Precontract costs are costs incurred to fulfill a contract prior to contract award. Precontract costs, including general and 
administrative expenses that are specifically chargeable to the customer, are deferred in inventories if we determine that the 
costs are probable of recovery under a specific anticipated contract. All other precontract costs, including start-up costs, are 
expensed as incurred. Costs that are deferred are recognized as contract costs upon the receipt of the anticipated contract. We 
included deferred precontract costs of $101 million and $189 million in inventories as work in process at December 31, 2017
and December 31, 2016, respectively.

Deferred Commissions—Our incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract, which consist of sales commissions primarily 
for our security software sales at Forcepoint, are deferred and amortized over the period of contract performance or a longer 
period, generally the estimated life of the customer relationship, if renewals are expected and the renewal commission is not 
commensurate with the initial commission. We classify deferred commissions as current or noncurrent based on the timing 
of when we expect to recognize the expense. The current and noncurrent portions of deferred commissions are included in 
prepaid  expenses  and  other  current  assets,  and  other  assets,  net,  respectively,  in  our  consolidated  balance  sheets. At 
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, we had $37 million and $32 million of deferred commissions, respectively. We 
had $28 million, $12 million and $2 million of amortization expense related to deferred commissions in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. 
 
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net—Property, plant and equipment, net, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. 
Major improvements are capitalized while expenditures for maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are expensed. We 
include gains and losses on the sales of plant and equipment that are allocable to our contracts in overhead as we generally 
can recover these costs through the pricing of products and services to the U.S. government. For all other sales or asset 
retirements, the assets and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts, and any 
resulting gain or loss is reflected in operating income.
 
Provisions for depreciation generally are computed using a combination of accelerated and straight-line methods and are 
based on estimated useful lives as follows: 

Machinery and equipment
Buildings

Years
3–10
20–45

 
Leasehold  improvements  are  amortized  over  the  lesser  of  the  remaining  lease  term  or  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the 
improvement.
 
Impairment of Goodwill and Long-lived Assets—We evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events 
or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. We perform our annual impairment test 
as of the first day of the fourth quarter utilizing a two-step methodology that requires us to first identify potential goodwill 
impairment and then measure the amount of the related goodwill impairment loss, if any. We have identified our operating 
segments as reporting units under the impairment test assessment criteria outlined in U.S. GAAP. In performing our annual 
impairment test in the fourth quarters of 2017, 2016 and 2015 we did not identify any goodwill impairment.
 
We determine whether long-lived assets are to be held for use or disposal. Upon indication of possible impairment of long-
lived assets held for use, we evaluate the recoverability of such assets by measuring the carrying amount of the assets against 
the related estimated undiscounted future cash flows. When an evaluation indicates that the future undiscounted cash flows 
are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group, the asset group is adjusted to its estimated fair value. In 

87

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

order for long-lived assets to be considered held for disposal, we must have committed to a plan to dispose of the assets. Once 
deemed held for disposal, the assets are stated at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value.

Computer Software, Net—Internal use computer software, net, included in other assets, net, which consists primarily of our 
enterprisewide software solutions, is stated at cost less accumulated amortization and is amortized using the straight-line 
method over its estimated useful life, generally 10 years. Computer software development costs related to software products 
developed for external use are capitalized, when significant, after establishment of technological feasibility and marketability. 
There have been no such costs capitalized to date as the costs incurred during the period between technological feasibility to 
general release have not been significant.

Contract Liabilities—Our contract liabilities consist of advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized and 
deferred revenue. We may also receive up-front payments related to software license sales primarily for Forcepoint, which 
in most cases we recognize ratably over the license term. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on 
a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. We classify advance payments and billings in excess of revenue 
recognized as current, and deferred revenue as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when we expect to recognize 
revenue. The noncurrent portion of deferred revenue is included in accrued retiree benefits and other long-term liabilities in 
our consolidated balance sheets.

In order to determine revenue recognized in the period from contract liabilities, we first allocate revenue to the individual 
contract liability balance outstanding at the beginning of the period until the revenue exceeds that balance. If additional 
advances are received on those contracts in subsequent periods, we assume all revenue recognized in the reporting period 
first applies to the beginning contract liability as opposed to a portion applying to the new advances for the period.

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest—Redeemable noncontrolling interest is recognized at the greater of the estimated 
redemption value as of the balance sheet date or the initial value adjusted for the noncontrolling interest holder’s share of the 
cumulative impact of net income (loss), other changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and additional 
contributions. Adjustments to the redemption value over the period from the date of acquisition to the redemption date are 
immediately recorded to retained earnings. We reflect the redemption value adjustments in the EPS calculation if redemption 
value is in excess of the fair value of noncontrolling interest which resulted in a $0.01 unfavorable impact to both basic and 
diluted EPS in 2016. 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)—Other comprehensive income (loss) includes gains and losses associated with pension 
and PRB, foreign exchange translation adjustments, the effective portion of gains and losses on derivative instruments qualified 
as cash flow hedges, and unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments. The computation of other comprehensive 
income (loss) and its components are presented in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.

88

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A rollforward of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) was as follows:

Pension and 
PRB plans, 
net(1)

Foreign
exchange
translation

Cash flow 
hedges(2)

Unrealized 
gains (losses) 
on investments 
and other, net(3)

$

(7,432) $

(In millions)
Balance at December 31, 2014

Before tax amount
Tax (expense) benefit
Net of tax amount
Balance at December 31, 2015

Total
(7,458)
459
(177)
282
(7,176)
(278)
43
(235)
(7,411)
(562)
Before tax amount
38
Tax (expense) benefit
(524)
Net of tax amount
Balance at December 31, 2017
(7,935)
(1)  The pension and PRB plans, net, is shown net of tax benefits of $3,923 million and $3,881 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, 

Before tax amount
Tax (expense) benefit
Net of tax amount
Balance at December 31, 2016

(3) $
(57)
—
(57)
(60)
(115)
—
(115)
(175)
80
—
80
(95) $

(14) $
(4)
2
(2)
(16)
25
(9)
16
—
10
(4)
6
6

(9) $
(5)
2
(3)
(12)
15
(5)
10
(2)
(1)
—
(1)
(3) $

525
(181)
344
(7,088)
(203)
57
(146)
(7,234)
(651)
42
(609)

(7,843) $

$

$

(2)  The cash flow hedges are shown net of tax expense of $3 million and tax benefit of $1 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.
(3)  The unrealized gains (losses) on investments and other, net, are shown net of tax expense of $1 million at both December 31, 2017 and December 31, 

respectively.

2016.

On December 22, 2017, the President signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (2017 Act), which reduces the U.S. corporate tax rate 
to 21% effective 2018. The deferred tax amounts recorded through other comprehensive income prior to the enactment date 
using the 35% tax rate remain in other comprehensive income despite the fact that the related deferred tax assets and liabilities 
were remeasured to reflect the new tax rate of 21%. Deferred tax amounts recorded to other comprehensive income after the 
enactment date are at the 21% tax rate. Deferred tax amounts in other comprehensive income will be eliminated at the rate in 
which they were recorded to other comprehensive income as the related pretax items are reclassified to earnings. For pension 
and PRB plans, net, this would occur when the Company’s pension and PRB obligations are fully satisfied.

Material amounts reclassified out of AOCL were related to amortization of net actuarial loss associated with our pension and 
PRB plans and were $1,187 million, $1,002 million and $1,129 million before tax in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This 
component of AOCL is included in the calculation of net periodic pension expense (income) (see “Note 15: Pension and Other 
Employee Benefits” for additional details).

We expect $7 million of after tax net unrealized gains on our cash flow hedges at December 31, 2017 to be reclassified into 
earnings at then-current values over the next 12 months as the underlying hedged transactions occur.

Translation of Foreign Currencies—Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated at current exchange rates 
and the effects of these translation adjustments are reported as a component of AOCL in equity. Prior to the enactment of the 
2017 Act, deferred taxes were not recognized for translation-related temporary differences of foreign subsidiaries as their 
undistributed earnings were considered to be indefinitely reinvested. After the enactment of the 2017 Act and the one-time 
transition tax, no additional income taxes have been provided for any additional outside basis difference inherent in these 
entities as we continue to be indefinitely reinvested. As a result, there continues to be no deferred taxes recognized for 
translation-related temporary differences of foreign subsidiaries. Income and expenses in foreign currencies are translated at 
the average exchange rate during the period. 

Foreign exchange transaction gains and losses in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were not material.
 

89

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Treasury Stock—Repurchased shares are retired immediately upon repurchase. We account for treasury stock under the cost 
method. Upon retirement the excess over par value is charged against additional paid-in capital until reduced to zero, with 
the remainder recorded as a reduction to retained earnings.
 
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits (PRB) Costs—We have pension plans covering the majority of our employees 
hired before January 1, 2007, including certain employees in foreign countries. We calculate our pension costs as required 
under U.S. GAAP, and the calculations and assumptions utilized require judgment. U.S. GAAP outlines the methodology 
used to determine pension expense or income for financial reporting purposes. For purposes of determining pension expense 
under U.S. GAAP, a calculated “market-related value” of our plan assets is used to develop the amount of deferred asset gains 
or losses to be amortized. The market-related value of assets is determined using actual asset gains or losses over a three year 
period. Under U.S. GAAP, a “corridor” approach may be elected and applied in the recognition of asset and liability gains or 
losses which limits expense recognition to the net outstanding gains and losses in excess of the greater of 10% of the projected 
benefit obligation (PBO) or the calculated “market-related value” of assets. We do not use a “corridor” approach in the 
calculation of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension expense.
 
We recognize the funded status of a postretirement benefit plan (defined benefit pension and other benefits) as an asset or 
liability in our consolidated balance sheets. Funded status represents the difference between the PBO of the plan and the 
market value of the plan’s assets. Previously unrecognized deferred amounts such as demographic or asset gains or losses 
and the impact of historical plan changes are included in AOCL. Changes in these amounts in future years will be reflected 
through AOCL and amortized in future pension expense over the estimated average remaining employee service period.
 
Derivative Financial Instruments—We enter into foreign currency forward contracts with commercial banks to fix the 
foreign currency exchange rates on specific commitments, payments and receipts. Our foreign currency forward contracts 
are transaction driven and relate directly to a particular asset, liability or transaction for which commitments are in place. We 
execute these instruments with financial institutions that we judge to be credit-worthy, and the majority of our foreign currency 
forward contracts are denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. We do not hold or issue derivative financial 
instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

We designate most foreign currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted purchases and sales denominated in 
foreign currencies. For foreign currency forward contracts designated and qualified for cash flow hedge accounting, we record 
the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative in AOCL, net of tax, and reclassify it into earnings in the same period 
or periods during which the hedged revenue or cost of sales transaction affects earnings. Realized gains and losses resulting 
from these cash flow hedges offset the foreign exchange gains and losses on the underlying transactions being hedged. We 
classify the cash flows from these instruments in the same category as the cash flows from the hedged items. To a lesser extent, 
we have gains and losses on derivatives not designated for hedge accounting or representing either hedge ineffectiveness or 
hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness, which are recognized currently in net sales or cost of sales. 

The aggregate notional amount of the outstanding foreign currency forward contracts was $1,354 million and $1,277 million
at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. The net notional exposure of these contracts was approximately
$525 million and $342 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. The foreign currency forward 
contracts at December 31, 2017 have maturities at various dates through 2028 as follows: $818 million in 2018; $220 million
in 2019; $106 million in 2020; and $210 million thereafter.

We recognize all derivative financial instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. 
The fair value of asset derivatives included in other assets, net and liability derivatives included in other current liabilities in 
our consolidated balance sheets related to foreign currency contracts were $28 million and $17 million, respectively at 
December 31, 2017 and $53 million and $48 million, respectively at December 31, 2016. The fair values of these derivatives 
are Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy for 2017 and 2016 because they are determined based on a market approach utilizing 
externally quoted forward rates for similar contracts. We measure and record the impact of counterparty credit risk into our 
valuation and the impact was less than $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016.

We may also enter into pay-variable, receive-fixed interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk associated with our fixed-
rate financing obligations. We account for our interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of a portion of our fixed-rate financing 
obligations, and accordingly record gains and losses from changes in the fair value of these swaps in interest expense, along 

90

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

with the offsetting gains and losses on the fair value adjustment of the hedged portion of our fixed-rate financing obligations. 
We also record in interest expense the net amount paid or received under the swap for the period and the amortization of gain 
or loss from the early termination of interest rate swaps. There were no interest rate swaps outstanding at December 31, 2017
and December 31, 2016.

Fair Values—The accounting standard for fair value measurements provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires 
expanded disclosures regarding fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset 
or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction 
between market participants on the measurement date. This accounting standard established a fair value hierarchy, which 
requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes the three levels of 
inputs required:

Level 1:  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2:  Observable inputs, other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices 
in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or that we corroborate with observable market 
data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities. 

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity that are significant to the fair value of the assets or 

liabilities. 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis consisted of marketable securities held in trust, short-term 
investments and foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. Fair value information for those assets 
and liabilities, including their classification in the fair value hierarchy, is included in “Note 15: Pension and Other Employee 
Benefits” (for marketable securities held in trust) and “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” (for short-term 
investments and foreign currency forward contracts). Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset 
value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. We did not have any 
significant nonfinancial assets or nonfinancial liabilities that would be recognized or disclosed at fair value on a recurring 
basis as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. We did not have any material amounts of Level 3 assets or liabilities at December 31, 
2017 and 2016.

Earnings per Share (EPS)—We compute basic EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders by dividing 
income from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders, income (loss) from discontinued 
operations attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders, and net income attributable to Raytheon Company, by 
our weighted-average common shares outstanding, including participating securities outstanding, as described below, during 
the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution beyond shares for basic EPS that could occur if securities or other 
contracts to issue common stock were exercised, converted into common stock, or resulted in the issuance of common stock 
that would have shared in our earnings. We compute basic and diluted EPS using actual income from continuing operations 
attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders, income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to Raytheon 
Company common stockholders, net income attributable to Raytheon Company and our actual weighted-average shares 
outstanding rather than the numbers presented within our consolidated financial statements, which are rounded to the nearest 
million. As a result, it may not be possible to recalculate EPS as presented in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, 
it may not be possible to recalculate EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders by adjusting EPS from 
continuing operations by EPS from discontinued operations. 
 
We include all unvested stock awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents, whether paid 
or unpaid, in the number of shares outstanding in our basic EPS calculation as they are considered participating securities. 
As a result, we have included all of our outstanding unvested awards of restricted stock, as well as restricted stock units 
(RSUs) and Long-term Performance Plan (LTPP) awards that meet the retirement eligible criteria in our calculation of basic 
EPS. We disclose EPS for common stock and unvested stock-based payment awards, and separately disclose distributed and 
undistributed earnings. Distributed earnings represent common stock dividends and dividends earned on unvested awards of 
restricted stock and stock-based payment awards of retirement eligible employees. Undistributed earnings represent earnings 
that were available for distribution but were not distributed. Common stock and unvested stock-based payment awards earn 
dividends equally.

91

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

As described in “Note 12: Forcepoint Joint Venture,” we record redeemable noncontrolling interest related to Vista Equity 
Partners’ interest in Forcepoint. We reflect the redemption value adjustments for redeemable noncontrolling interest in both 
the basic and diluted EPS calculation for the portion of redemption value that is in excess of the fair value of noncontrolling 
interest. 
 
Employee Stock Plans—Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the calculated fair value of 
the award. The expense is recognized over the employees’ requisite service period, generally the vesting period of the award. 
The expense is amortized over the service period using the graded vesting method for our restricted stock and RSUs and the 
straight-line amortization method for our LTPP. The expense related to our Forcepoint long-term incentive plans is recognized 
over the requisite service period when achievement of the performance conditions is considered probable. We account for 
forfeitures when they occur, consistent with our government recovery accounting practice. Prior to the adoption of Accounting 
Standards Update (ASU) 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), the related gross excess tax benefit 
received upon exercise of stock options or vesting of a stock-based award, if any, was reflected in the consolidated statements 
of cash flows as a financing activity. Upon adoption of the new standard in 2016, the gross excess tax benefit received upon 
exercise of stock options or vesting of a stock-based award, if any, is now reflected in the consolidated statements of cash 
flows as an operating activity.
 
Risks  and  Uncertainties—We  provide  a  wide  range  of  technologically  advanced  products,  services  and  solutions  for 
principally governmental customers in the U.S. and abroad, and are subject to certain business risks specific to that industry. 
Total sales to the U.S. government, excluding foreign military sales, were 67% of total net sales in 2017 and 2016, and 68%
of total net sales in 2015. Total sales to customers outside the U.S., including foreign military sales through the U.S. government, 
were 32% of total net sales in 2017 and 2016, and 31% of total net sales in 2015. Sales to the U.S. government may be affected 
by changes in procurement policies, budget considerations, changing concepts of national defense, political developments 
abroad  and  other  factors.  Sales  to  international  customers  may  be  affected  by  changes  in  the  priorities  and  budgets  of 
international customers, which may be driven by changes in threat environments, geopolitical uncertainties, potentially volatile 
worldwide economic conditions, various regional and local economic and political factors, risks and uncertainties and U.S. 
foreign policy. 

Remaining Performance Obligations—Remaining performance obligations represents the transaction price of firm orders 
for which work has not been performed and excludes unexercised contract options and potential orders under ordering-type 
contracts  (e.g.,  indefinite-delivery,  indefinite-quantity  (IDIQ)). As  of  December 31,  2017,  the  aggregate  amount  of  the 
transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was $38,210 million. The Company expects to recognize 
revenue on approximately half and three-quarters of the remaining performance obligations over the next 12 and 24 months, 
respectively, with the remainder recognized thereafter.

Accounting Standards—In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue 
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which replaces numerous requirements in U.S. GAAP, including industry-specific 
requirements, and provides companies with a single revenue recognition model for recognizing revenue from contracts with 
customers. The core principle of the new standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised 
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in 
exchange for those goods or services. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 
15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.

92

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Effective January 1, 2017, we elected to early adopt the requirements of Topic 606 using the full retrospective method, where 
the standard was applied to each prior reporting period presented and the cumulative effect of applying the standard was 
recognized at January 1, 2015. The impact to our fiscal quarters and year-ended 2016 and year-ended 2015 income from 
continuing operations after taxes, net income and basic and diluted EPS was as follows:

(In millions, except per share amounts)
Income from continuing operations

after taxes
Net income

Basic EPS attributable to Raytheon
Company common stockholders:

Income from continuing operations

after taxes
Net income

Diluted EPS attributable to Raytheon

Company common stockholders:

Income from continuing operations

after taxes
Net income

Three Months Ended

Twelve Months Ended

Dec 31, 2016 Oct 2, 2016

Jul 3, 2016 Apr 3, 2016 Dec 31, 2016 Dec 31, 2015

$

$

$

$

$

$

12
12

0.04
0.04

0.03
0.04

$

$

$

18
18

0.05
0.05

0.05
0.05

$

$

$

9
9

0.02
0.02

0.03
0.03

— $
—

 

— $
—

— $
—

$

 

$

$

39
39

0.10
0.11

0.11
0.11

40
40

0.12
0.11

0.12
0.11

In addition, the cumulative impact to our retained earnings at January 1, 2015 was $13 million.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee 
Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amended the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions to require 
recognition of the tax effects resulting from the settlement of stock-based awards as income tax expense or benefit in the 
income statement in the reporting period in which they occur. In addition, the ASU required that all tax-related cash flows 
resulting from share-based payments, including the excess tax benefits related to the settlement of stock-based awards, be 
classified as cash flows from operating activities in the statement of cash flows. The ASU also required that cash paid by 
directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes be classified as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows. 
In addition, the ASU allowed companies to make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that 
are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur. The new standard was effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt the requirements of the amended 
standard in the first quarter of 2016. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we adopted the amendment requiring recognition of 
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement prospectively beginning in the first quarter of 2016, which 
could result in fluctuations in our effective tax rate period over period depending on how many awards vest in a quarter as 
well as the volatility of our stock price. In 2017 and 2016, the impact to our income statement was $36 million and $47 million, 
respectively, included in federal and foreign income taxes. In addition, we elected to adopt the amendment related to the 
presentation of excess tax benefits within operating activities on the statement of cash flows prospectively beginning in the 
first quarter of 2016. We had previously classified cash paid for tax withholding purposes as a financing activity in the statement 
of cash flows, therefore there is no change related to this requirement. Furthermore, we elected to change our accounting 
policy to account for forfeitures when they occur for consistency with our government recovery accounting practices on a 
modified retrospective basis. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts 
and Cash Payments. This ASU is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the 
statement of cash flows by providing guidance on eight specific cash flow issues, including requirements that cash payments 
for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs be classified as cash outflows for financing activities and proceeds from 
the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies be classified as cash inflows from investing activities. The provisions 
of ASU 2016-15 are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We elected to early 

93

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

adopt the requirements of the new standard in the first quarter of 2017 using the retrospective transition method, as required 
by the new standard. The adoption of this ASU had an immaterial impact to our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash, which requires 
that restricted cash be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period 
total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The provisions of ASU 2016-18 are effective for years beginning after 
December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt the requirements of the new standard in the first 
quarter of 2017 using the retrospective transition method, as required by the new standard. The adoption of this ASU had an 
immaterial impact to our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated 
balance sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016, that sum to the total of such amounts in the consolidated statements of cash 
flows: 

(In millions)
Cash and cash equivalents
Restricted cash
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash

flows

2017
3,103
12

3,115

$

$

2016
3,303
—

3,303

$

$

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset 
and lease liability for most lease arrangements. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after 
December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted, and must be adopted using the modified retrospective approach. We intend 
to adopt the standard on the effective date of January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential changes from this 
ASU to our future financial reporting and disclosures and designing and implementing related processes and controls. We 
expect the standard to have an impact of approximately $1 billion on our assets and liabilities for the addition of right-of-use 
assets and lease liabilities, but we do not expect it to have a material impact to our results of operations or liquidity. 

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715), which changes certain 
presentation and disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension and PRB plans. This requires 
the service cost component of the net benefit cost to be in the same line item as other compensation in operating income and 
the other components of net benefit cost to be presented outside of operating income on a retrospective basis. In addition, 
only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization when applicable, on a prospective basis. The provisions of 
ASU 2017-07 are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2017. We will adopt the requirements of the new standard 
in the first quarter of 2018 on a retrospective basis for the presentation of the service cost component in operating expenses, 
and the other components of the net benefit cost in other pension expense within non-operating (income) expense, net. We 
expect the standard to increase 2017 and 2016 operating income due to the removal of the non-service component of FAS 
pension expense by $913 million and $601 million, respectively, and to decrease non-operating income by the same amount 
with zero impact to net income in both periods. We do not expect any of the remaining provisions of the standard to have a 
material impact on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

Other new pronouncements issued but not effective until after December 31, 2017, are not expected to have a material impact 
on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

94

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Note 2: Earnings Per Share (EPS)
EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders and unvested stock-based payment 
awards was as follows:

Basic EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders:

Distributed earnings
Undistributed earnings

Total
Diluted EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders:

Distributed earnings
Undistributed earnings

Total

2017

3.18
3.77
6.95

3.18
3.76
6.94

 
$

$
 
$

$

2016

2.92
4.63
7.55

2.92
4.63
7.55

 
$

$
 
$

$

2015

2.67
4.21
6.88

2.67
4.20
6.87

 
$

$
 
$

$

 
Basic and diluted EPS from discontinued operations attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders and unvested 
stock-based payment awards were earnings of $0.01, less than $0.01 and $0.04 for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Income attributable to participating securities was as follows:

(In millions)
Income from continuing operations attributable to participating securities
Income from discontinued operations, net of tax attributable to participating 

2017
24

$

2016
30

$

2015
32

$

securities(1)

—
32
Income from discontinued operations, net of tax attributable to participating securities, was income of less than $1 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Net income attributable to participating securities
(1) 

—
24

—
30

$

$

$

The weighted-average shares outstanding for basic and diluted EPS were as follows: 

(In millions)
Shares for basic EPS(1)
Effect of dilutive securities
Shares for diluted EPS
(1) 

2017
291.1
0.3
291.4

2016
296.5
0.3
296.8

2015
304.8
0.4
305.2

Includes participating securities of 3.5 million, 4.0 million and 4.7 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to 200 million shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share, in multiple 
series with terms as determined by them. There were no shares of preferred stock outstanding at December 31, 2017 and 
December 31, 2016. 
 
Note 3: eBorders Settlement
In March 2015, Raytheon Systems Limited (RSL) reached a settlement with the U.K. Home Office concluding the parties’ 
dispute  regarding  the  U.K.  Home  Office’s  July  2010  termination  of  RSL’s  eBorders  contract  within  our  Intelligence, 
Information and Services (IIS) segment. The settlement included a cash payment from the U.K. Home Office to RSL of £150 
million (approximately $226 million based on foreign exchange rates as of the settlement date) for the resolution of all claims 
and counterclaims of both parties related to the matter. After certain expenses and derecognition of the outstanding receivables, 
IIS recorded $181 million in operating income through a reduction in cost of sales in 2015.

Note 4: Acquisitions and Goodwill
In pursuing our business strategies, we acquire and make investments in certain businesses that meet strategic and financial 
criteria. 

In August 2017, our Forcepoint business acquired RedOwl Analytics Inc. (RedOwl), a security analytics business, for $54 
million in cash, net of cash received, and exclusive of retention payments. RedOwl’s user and entity behavior analytics (UEBA) 

95

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

platform helps companies analyze large amounts of data to assess risk. RedOwl has been integrated into our Forcepoint 
business to expand and enhance Forcepoint’s strategy to deliver cybersecurity systems that help customers understand people’s 
behaviors and intent as they interact with data and intellectual property wherever it may reside. In connection with this 
acquisition, we have recorded $42 million of goodwill, primarily related to expected synergies from combining operations 
and the value of the existing workforce, none of which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes, and $7 million of 
intangible assets, primarily related to technology and customer relationships, with a weighted-average life of five years.

In February 2017, our Forcepoint business acquired the Skyfence cloud access security broker (CASB) business for $39 
million in cash, net of cash received, and exclusive of retention payments. Vista Equity Partners contributed 19.7% of the 
purchase price, which is reflected in contribution from noncontrolling interest in Forcepoint in our consolidated statements 
of cash flows. Skyfence solutions help companies to determine which cloud applications are in use by employees, analyze 
content in real-time to prevent malicious or unauthorized leakage and quickly identify and block cyber attacks. Skyfence was 
integrated into our Forcepoint business to expand and enhance Forcepoint’s strategy to deliver cybersecurity systems that 
help customers understand people’s behaviors and intent as they interact with data and intellectual property wherever it may 
reside. In connection with this acquisition, we recorded $35 million of goodwill, primarily related to expected synergies from 
combining operations and the value of the existing workforce, all of which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes, and 
$5 million of intangible assets, primarily related to technology, with a weighted-average life of six years.

In January 2016, our Forcepoint business acquired the Stonesoft next-generation firewall (NGFW) business, including the 
Sidewinder proxy firewall technology. Vista Equity Partners contributed 19.7% of the purchase price, which is reflected in 
contribution from noncontrolling interest in Forcepoint in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Stonesoft provides 
NGFW  software  and  hardware  solutions  that  focus  on  high-availability,  centralized  management  of  large  networks  and 
protection from advanced evasion techniques. The Sidewinder product provides proxy-based firewall software and hardware 
solutions, allowing for clear visibility and control of command filtering, protocol enforcement and application access. Stonesoft 
expands the cloud and hybrid capabilities of Forcepoint. In connection with this acquisition, we have recorded $51 million
of goodwill, primarily related to expected synergies from combining operations and the value of the existing workforce, the 
majority of which is deductible for tax purposes, and $23 million of intangible assets, primarily related to technology and 
customer relationships, with a weighted-average life of five years.

In October 2015, we acquired Foreground Security, subsequently renamed Raytheon Foreground Security (RFS), for $62 
million in cash, net of cash received, and exclusive of retention payments. RFS has been integrated into our IIS business, 
within the Cybersecurity and Special Missions (CSM) product area. RFS provides security operations centers (SOCs), managed 
security  service  solutions  and  cybersecurity  professional  services.  RFS  accelerates  Raytheon’s  expansion  into  managed 
security services across federal, international and commercial markets. In connection with this transaction we have recorded 
$58 million of goodwill related to expected synergies from combining operations and the value of the existing workforce, a 
portion of which is deductible for tax purposes, and $7 million of intangible assets, primarily related to customer relationships 
and technology with a weighted-average life of seven years.

In May 2015, we acquired Websense, Inc. (Websense) from Vista Equity Partners for approximately $1.9 billion, net of cash 
received, and exclusive of retention payments. Following the acquisition, we completed a series of transactions to create our 
Forcepoint joint venture (with Vista Equity Partners). Forcepoint is a leader in advanced threat protection and data theft 
prevention across web, email, cloud and endpoint infrastructure. For more information on the Forcepoint joint venture, see 
“Note 12: Forcepoint Joint Venture.” In connection with this acquisition, we incurred transaction and integration-related costs 
of $33 million in 2015 of which $26 million were recorded at Corporate. We recorded $1.6 billion of goodwill, all of which 
was allocated to the Forcepoint segment, primarily related to expected synergies from combining operations and the value of 
the existing workforce, and none of which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

96

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The final purchase price allocation, net of cash received, for the Websense acquisition was as follows:

(In millions)
Accounts receivable (at contractually stated amounts)
Other current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Intangible assets
Other noncurrent assets
Deferred revenue
Current liabilities
Long-term liabilities
Fair value of net assets acquired

Purchase price
allocation
38
21
19
1,624
501
16
(225)
(51)
(52)
1,891

$

$

The following were the identifiable intangible assets acquired and the respective estimated periods over which such assets 
will be amortized:

(In millions, except years)
Completed technology
Customer relationships
Trademarks and other
Fair value of intangible assets acquired

Gross carrying
amount
439
43
19
501

$

$

Weighted-average
useful life (in years)
7
13
10

Pro forma financial information and revenue from the date of acquisition has not been provided for these acquisitions as they 
are not material either individually or in the aggregate. 
 
We funded each of the above acquisitions using cash on hand. The operating results of these businesses have been included 
in our consolidated results as of the respective closing dates of the acquisitions. The purchase price of these businesses has 
been allocated to the estimated fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, with any excess purchase price recorded 
as goodwill. The total amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes related to these acquisitions was 
$87 million at December 31, 2017.
 

97

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

A rollforward of goodwill by segment was as follows: 

(In millions)
Balance at December 31, 2015
Acquisitions(2)
Effect of foreign exchange rates and

other

Balance at December 31, 2016
Acquisitions
Effect of foreign exchange rates

Integrated 
Defense 
Systems(1)
1,704
—

$

Intelligence, 
Information 
and Services(1)
2,958
$
8

Missile
Systems
4,154
—

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
4,106
—

$

$

Forcepoint(3)
1,809
51

$

(2)
1,702
—

—
2,966
—

—
4,154
—

—
4,106
—

—
1,860
77

Total
14,731
59

(2)
14,788
77

and other

6
Balance at December 31, 2017
14,871
(1)   In connection with the January 1, 2016 reorganization of Integrated Defense Systems (IDS) and IIS, goodwill of $90 million was allocated to the IIS 

4
1,706

1
1,938

1
2,967

—
4,154

—
4,106

$

$

$

$

$

$

segment on a relative fair value basis and is reflected in the revised balances at December 31, 2015.
In addition to the acquisition of the Stonesoft NGFW business during the first quarter of 2016, we finalized the purchase price allocation for Foreground 
Security at IIS, which resulted in an adjustment to goodwill of $8 million.

(3)  At December 31, 2017, Forcepoint’s fair value is estimated to exceed its net book value by approximately $1.3 billion. As discussed in “Note 12: 
Forcepoint Joint Venture,” we are required to determine Forcepoint’s fair value on a quarterly basis due to the accounting related to the redeemable 
noncontrolling interest.

(2) 

For information on our intangible assets, see “Note 9: Other Assets, Net.”
 
Note 5: Thales-Raytheon Systems Co. Ltd. (TRS) Joint Venture
In 2001, we formed the TRS joint venture with Thales S.A through our IDS segment. The TRS joint venture involved three 
operating  companies,  one  of  which,  Raytheon  Command  and  Control  Solutions  LLC  (RCCS  LLC),  we  controlled  and 
consolidated, and the other two, Thales-Raytheon Systems Company S.A.S. (TRS SAS) and Thales-Raytheon Systems Air 
and Missile Defense Command and Control S.A.S. (TRS AMDC2), we accounted for using the equity method through our 
investment in TRS.

In the second quarter of 2016, Thales S.A. and Raytheon amended and restated the TRS joint venture agreement to reduce 
the arrangement to TRS AMDC2 only and limit its scope to NATO-only business opportunities involving air command and 
control systems, theatre missile defense and ballistic missile defense. As a result, we acquired Thales S.A.’s noncontrolling 
interest in RCCS LLC and sold our equity method investment in TRS SAS for a net cash payment to Thales S.A. of $90 
million, which was classified as a financing activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows. We recorded our acquisition 
of RCCS LLC at fair value, which resulted in a reduction to equity of $167 million before tax, $197 million after tax, and the 
sale of TRS SAS at fair value, which resulted in a tax-free gain of $158 million that was recorded in operating income through 
a reduction in cost of sales at our IDS segment. TRS AMDC2 continues to be a joint venture between Thales S.A. and Raytheon 
that is accounted for using the equity method.

Note 6: Receivables, Net
Receivables, net, consisted of the following at December 31: 

(In millions)
U.S. government contracts (including foreign military sales)
Other customers
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total receivables, net

2017
881
451
(8)
1,324

$

$

2016
570
601
(8)
1,163

$

$

98

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Note 7: Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
Net contract assets (liabilities) consisted of the following at December 31:

(In millions)
Contract assets
Contract liabilities—current
Contract liabilities—noncurrent
Net contract assets (liabilities)

2017

2016

$

$

5,247
(2,927)
(127)
2,193

$

$

5,041
(2,646)
(128)
2,267

$ Change
206
(281)
1
(74)

$

$

% Change

4 %
11 %
(1)%
(3)%

Total net contract assets (liabilities) was relatively consistent from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2017. Included in the 
change of total net contract assets (liabilities) was a $206 million increase in our contract assets, primarily due to contractual 
billings terms on U.S. government and foreign military sales contracts, and a $280 million increase in our contract liabilities, 
primarily due to new advances on an international award in the fourth quarter of 2017.

Impairment losses recognized on our receivables and contract assets were de minimis in 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Contract assets consisted of the following at December 31: 

(In millions)
U.S. government contracts (including foreign military sales):

Unbilled
Progress payments

 
Other customers:

Unbilled
Progress payments

Total contract assets

2017

 
$ 10,748
(6,637)
4,111

 

$

1,368
(232)
1,136
5,247

2016

9,356
(5,651)
3,705

1,742
(406)
1,336
5,041

 
$

 

$

The U.S. government has title to the assets related to unbilled amounts on contracts that provide progress payments. Included 
in contract assets at December 31, 2017 was $76 million which is expected to be collected outside of one year.

Contract assets include retentions arising from contractual provisions. At December 31, 2017, retentions were $96 million. 
We anticipate collecting $27 million of these retentions in 2018 and the balance thereafter.

In 2017, 2016 and 2015, we recognized revenue of $1,434 million, $1,403 million and $1,400 million related to our contract 
liabilities at January 1, 2017, January 1, 2016 and January 1, 2015, respectively. 

Note 8: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Property, plant and equipment, net, consisted of the following at December 31:

(In millions)
Land
Buildings and improvements
Machinery and equipment
Property, plant and equipment, gross
Accumulated depreciation and amortization
Total

2017
85
2,567
4,621
7,273
(4,834)
2,439

$

$

2016
88
2,508
4,198
6,794
(4,628)
2,166

$

$

 
Depreciation and amortization expense of property, plant and equipment, net, was $350 million, $316 million and $307 million
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

99

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Note 9: Other Assets, Net
Other assets, net, consisted of the following at December 31:

(In millions)
Marketable securities held in trust(1)
Computer software, net of accumulated amortization of $1,150 and $1,113 at December 31,

2017 and 2016, respectively

Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $652 and $520 at December 31,

2017 and 2016, respectively

Other noncurrent assets, net
Deferred tax asset(2)
Total
(1)   For further details, refer to “Note 15: Pension and Other Employee Benefits.”
(2)   For further details, refer to “Note 16: Income Taxes.” 

2017
633

288

481
285
537
2,224

$

$

2016
550

291

598
242
718
2,399

$

$

Computer software amortization expense was $71 million, $68 million and $70 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Other  intangible  assets,  net,  consisted  primarily  of  completed  technology,  intellectual  property  and  acquired  customer 
relationships, and increased $12 million as a result of acquired businesses in 2017. These intangible assets are being amortized 
over their estimated useful lives which range from 1 to 15 years using either a straight-line or accelerated amortization method 
based on the pattern of economic benefits we expect to realize from such assets. Amortization expense for other intangible 
assets was $129 million, $131 million and $113 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
 
Computer software and other intangible asset amortization expense is expected to be approximately $184 million in 2018, 
$158 million in 2019, $120 million in 2020, $85 million in 2021 and $57 million in 2022.

Note 10: Commercial Paper and Long-term Debt
Commercial Paper—In 2017, we received net proceeds of $300 million from the issuance of short-term commercial paper.
The commercial paper notes outstanding have original maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of issuance. At 
December 31, 2017, short-term commercial paper borrowings outstanding were $300 million, which had a weighted-average 
interest rate and original maturity period of 1.583% and 20 days, respectively. At December 31, 2016, there were no commercial 
paper borrowings outstanding. 

Long-term Debt—Long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31: 

(In millions, except percentages)
$251 notes due 2018, 6.75%
$340 notes due 2018, 6.40%
$500 notes due 2020, 4.40%
$1,000 notes due 2020, 3.125%
$1,100 notes due 2022, 2.50%
$300 notes due 2024, 3.15%
$382 notes due 2027, 7.20%
$185 notes due 2028, 7.00%
$600 notes due 2040, 4.875%
$425 notes due 2041, 4.70%
$300 notes due 2044, 4.20%
Total debt issued and outstanding

100

2017
$ —
—
499
996
1,095
297
372
185
592
419
295
$ 4,750

$

2016
251
339
498
995
1,094
297
372
184
591
419
295
$ 5,335

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The notes are redeemable by us at any time at redemption prices based on U.S. Treasury rates. In the second quarter of 2017, 
we exercised our call rights to repurchase, at prices based on fixed spreads to the U.S. Treasury rates, $591 million of our 
long-term debt due March and December 2018 at a loss of $39 million pretax, $25 million after tax, which is included in other 
(income) expense, net in 2017.

The carrying value of long-term debt was recorded at amortized cost. The fair value of long-term debt was determined using 
quoted prices in inactive markets, which falls within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The estimated fair value of long-term 
debt was the following at December 31:

(In millions)
Fair value of long-term debt

The adjustments to the principal amounts of long-term debt were as follows at December 31: 

(In millions)
Principal
Unamortized issue discounts
Unamortized interest rate lock costs
Total

 
The aggregate amounts of principal payments due on long-term debt for the next five years are:

(In millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

2017
$ 5,293

2016
$ 5,848

2017
$ 4,792
(34)
(8)
$ 4,750

2016
$ 5,383
(39)
(9)
$ 5,335

 
$ —
—
1,500
—
1,100
2,192

In November 2015, we entered into a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility maturing in November 2020. Under the $1.25 
billion credit facility, we can borrow, issue letters of credit and backstop commercial paper. Borrowings under this facility 
bear interest at various rate options, including LIBOR plus a margin based on our credit ratings. Based on our credit ratings 
at December 31, 2017, borrowings would generally bear interest at LIBOR plus 80.5 basis points. The credit facility is 
composed of commitments from 20 separate highly rated lenders, each committing no more than 10% of the facility. As of 
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 there were no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this credit facility. 
We had $300 million of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2017, reducing the amount available under our credit 
facility to $950 million.

Under the $1.25 billion credit facility we must comply with certain covenants, including a ratio of total debt to total capitalization 
of no more than 60%. We were in compliance with the credit facility covenants as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 
2016. Our ratio of total debt to total capitalization, as those terms are defined in the credit facility, was 33.6% at December 31, 
2017. We are providing this ratio as this metric is used by our lenders to monitor our leverage and is also a threshold that 
could limit our ability to utilize this facility. 

Total cash paid for interest on commercial paper and long-term debt was $214 million, $231 million and $232 million in 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

101

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Note 11: Commitments and Contingencies
Leases—At December 31, 2017, we had commitments under long-term leases requiring annual rentals on a net lease basis 
as follows: 

(In millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

$

 

229
188
150
119
93
262

 
Rent expense was $229 million, $239 million and $236 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In the normal course 
of business, we lease equipment, office buildings and other facilities under leases that include standard escalation clauses for 
adjusting rent payments to reflect changes in price indices, as well as renewal options.
 
Environmental Matters—We are involved in various stages of investigation and cleanup related to remediation of various 
environmental sites. Our estimate of the liability of total environmental remediation costs includes the use of a discount rate 
and takes into account that a portion of these costs is eligible for future recovery through the pricing of our products and 
services to the U.S. government. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of these costs, which requires us to make 
assumptions about the extent of cost recovery under our contracts and the amount of future contract activity. We consider 
such recovery probable based on government contracting regulations and our long history of receiving reimbursement for 
such costs, and accordingly have recorded the estimated future recovery of these costs from the U.S. government within 
prepaid expenses and other current assets, in our consolidated balance sheets. Our estimates regarding remediation costs to 
be incurred were as follows at December 31:  

(In millions, except percentages)
Total remediation costs—undiscounted
Weighted-average discount rate
Total remediation costs—discounted
Recoverable portion

$

$

2017
206
5.2%
142
92

$

$

2016
219
5.2%
147
92

 
We also lease certain government-owned properties and generally are not liable for remediation of preexisting environmental 
contamination at these sites. As a result, we generally do not provide for these costs in our consolidated financial statements.

Due to the complexity of environmental laws and regulations, the varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup 
methods and technologies, the uncertainty of insurance coverage and the unresolved extent of our responsibility, it is difficult 
to determine the ultimate outcome of environmental matters. However, we do not expect any additional liability to have a 
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

Environmental remediation costs expected to be incurred are:

(In millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

 
$

39
22
13
12
12
108

102

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Financing Arrangements and Other—We issue guarantees, and banks and surety companies issue, on our behalf, letters of 
credit and surety bonds to meet various bid, performance, warranty, retention and advance payment obligations for us or our 
affiliates. These instruments expire on various dates through 2026. Additional guarantees of project performance for which 
there is no stated value also remain outstanding. The stated values outstanding consisted of the following at December 31: 

(In millions)
Guarantees
Letters of credit
Surety bonds

$

2017
216
2,416
166

$

2016
190
2,345
127

 
Included in guarantees and letters of credit described above were $216 million and $47 million, respectively, at December 31, 
2017, and $180 million and $44 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016, related to our joint venture in TRS AMDC2. 
We provide these guarantees and letters of credit to TRS AMDC2 and other affiliates to assist these entities in obtaining 
financing on more favorable terms, making bids on contracts and performing their contractual obligations. While we expect 
these entities to satisfy their loans and meet their project performance and other contractual obligations, their failure to do so 
may result in a future obligation to us. We periodically evaluate the risk of TRS AMDC2 and other affiliates failing to meet 
their obligations described above. At December 31, 2017, we believe the risk that TRS AMDC2 and other affiliates will not 
be able to meet their obligations is minimal for the foreseeable future based on their current financial condition. All obligations 
were current at December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, we had an estimated liability of $2 million
and $3 million, respectively, related to these guarantees and letters of credit.

As discussed in “Note 12: Forcepoint Joint Venture,” under the joint venture agreement between Raytheon Company and 
Vista Equity Partners, Raytheon may be required to purchase Vista Equity Partners’ interest in Forcepoint.

We have entered into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes in the form of either offset agreements or ICIP, as a 
condition to obtaining orders for our products and services from certain customers in foreign countries. At December 31, 
2017, the aggregate amount of our offset agreements, both agreed to and anticipated to be agreed to, had an outstanding 
notional value of approximately $8.7 billion. These agreements are designed to return economic value to the foreign country 
by requiring us to engage in activities supporting local defense or commercial industries, promoting a balance of trade, 
developing in-country technology capabilities or addressing other local development priorities. Offset agreements may be 
satisfied  through  activities  that  do  not  require  a  direct  cash  payment,  including  transferring  technology,  providing 
manufacturing, training and other consulting support to in-country projects, and the purchase by third parties (e.g., our vendors) 
of supplies from in-country vendors. These agreements may also be satisfied through our use of cash for activities such as 
subcontracting with local partners, purchasing supplies from in-country vendors, providing financial support for in-country 
projects and making investments in local ventures. Such activities may also vary by country depending upon requirements 
as dictated by their governments. We typically do not commit to offset agreements until orders for our products or services 
are definitive. The amounts ultimately applied against our offset agreements are based on negotiations with the customers 
and typically require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the notional value in the offset agreements. Offset programs 
usually extend over several or more years and may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with 
offset requirements. We have historically not been required to pay any such penalties. 

As a U.S. government contractor, we are subject to many levels of audit and investigation by the U.S. government relating 
to our contract performance and compliance with applicable rules and regulations. Agencies that oversee contract performance 
include: the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA); the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA); the Inspectors 
General of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and other departments and agencies; the Government Accountability Office 
(GAO); the Department of Justice (DOJ); and Congressional Committees. Other areas of our business operations may also 
be subject to audit and investigation by these and/or other agencies. From time to time, agencies investigate or conduct audits 
to determine whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with applicable requirements. Such investigations 
and audits may be initiated due to a number of reasons, including as a result of a whistleblower complaint. Such investigations 
and audits could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed 
upon us, the suspension of government export licenses or the suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting. 
U.S. government investigations often take years to complete and many result in no adverse action against us. Our final 
allowable incurred costs for each year are also subject to audit and have, from time to time, resulted in disputes between us 
and the U.S. government, with litigation resulting at the Court of Federal Claims (COFC) or the Armed Services Board of 

103

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Contract Appeals (ASBCA) or their related courts of appeals. In addition, the DOJ has, from time to time, convened grand 
juries to investigate possible irregularities by us. We also provide products and services to customers outside of the U.S., and 
those sales are subject to local government laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices. Our compliance with 
such local government regulations or any applicable U.S. government regulations (e.g., the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
(FCPA) and International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)) may also be investigated or audited. Other than as specifically 
disclosed herein, we do not expect these audits, investigations or disputes to have a material effect on our financial position, 
results of operations or liquidity, either individually or in the aggregate. 

In addition, various other claims and legal proceedings generally incidental to the normal course of business are pending or 
threatened against, or initiated by, us. We do not expect any of these proceedings to result in any additional liability or gains 
that would materially affect our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. In connection with certain of our legal 
matters, we may be entitled to insurance recovery for qualified legal costs or other incurred costs. We do not expect any 
insurance recovery to have a material impact on the financial exposure that could result from these matters.

Note 12: Forcepoint Joint Venture
In May 2015, we created Forcepoint, a new cybersecurity joint venture company (with Vista Equity Partners), through a series 
of transactions by which we acquired Websense from Vista Equity Partners and combined it with Raytheon Cyber Products 
(RCP), formerly part of our IIS segment. We then sold 19.7% of the equity interest in the combined company to Vista Equity 
Partners for $343 million.

The joint venture agreement between Raytheon and Vista Equity Partners provides Vista Equity Partners with certain rights 
to require Forcepoint to pursue an initial public offering at any time after four years and three months following the closing 
date of May 29, 2015, or pursue a sale of the company at any time after five years following the closing date. In either of these 
events, Raytheon has the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of Vista Equity Partners’ interest in Forcepoint for cash 
at a price equal to fair value as determined under the joint venture agreement. Additionally, Vista Equity Partners has the 
ability to liquidate its ownership through a put option, which became exercisable on May 29, 2017. The put option allows 
Vista Equity Partners to require Raytheon to purchase all (but not less than all) of Vista Equity Partners’ interest in Forcepoint 
for cash at a price equal to fair value as determined under the joint venture agreement. Lastly, at any time on or after three 
years following the closing date, Raytheon has the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of Vista Equity Partners’ interest 
in Forcepoint at a price equal to fair value as determined under the joint venture agreement. The joint venture agreement 
provides for the process under which the parties would determine the fair value of the interest and could result in a payment 
by Raytheon shortly after the exercise of the put option; however, the ultimate timing will depend on the actions of the parties 
and  other  factors.  The  estimate  of  fair  value  for  purposes  of  presenting  the  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest  in  our 
consolidated balance sheets could differ from the parties’ determination of fair value for the put option under the joint venture 
agreement. 

Vista Equity Partners’ interest in Forcepoint is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest, outside of stockholders’ equity, 
in our consolidated balance sheets. The redeemable noncontrolling interest is recognized at the greater of the estimated 
redemption value as of the balance sheet date, which was $512 million at December 31, 2017, or the carrying value, which 
was $309 million at December 31, 2017. Vista Equity Partners’ adjusted equity interest in the Forcepoint joint venture is 19.5%
as of December 31, 2017.

A rollforward of redeemable noncontrolling interest was as follows: 

(In millions)
Beginning balance
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax(1)
Contribution from noncontrolling interest
Adjustment of noncontrolling interest to redemption value
Ending balance
(1)  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, was income of less than $1 million in 2017. 

2017
449
(23)
—
8
78
512

$

$

2016
355
(16)
(1)
11
100
449

$

$

104

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Note 13: Stockholders’ Equity
The changes in shares of our common stock outstanding were as follows: 

(In millions)
Beginning balance
Stock plans activity
Share repurchases
Ending balance

2017
292.8
1.1
(5.5)
288.4

2016
299.0
1.5
(7.7)
292.8

2015
307.3
1.6
(9.9)
299.0

From time to time, our Board of Directors authorizes the repurchase of shares of our common stock. In November 2015, our 
Board authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. In November 2017, our Board also 
authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. At December 31, 2017, we 
had approximately $2.8 billion available under the 2017 and 2015 repurchase programs. Share repurchases will take place 
from time to time at management’s discretion depending on market conditions. 

Share repurchases also include shares surrendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with 
restricted stock, RSUs and LTPP awards issued to employees. 

Due to the volume of repurchases made under our share repurchase program, additional paid-in capital was reduced to zero
in both 2017 and 2016, with the remainder of the excess purchase price over par value of $724 million and $435 million
recorded as a reduction to retained earnings in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Our share repurchases were as follows: 

(In millions)
Shares repurchased under our share repurchase programs
Shares repurchased to satisfy tax withholding obligations
Total share repurchases

2017

2016

2015

$
800
85
885

$

$

Shares
4.9
0.6
5.5

$
900
96
996

$

$

Shares
6.9
0.8
7.7

$

$ 1,000
99
$ 1,099

Shares
9.0
0.9
9.9

 
In March 2017, our Board of Directors authorized an 8.9% increase to our annual dividend payout rate from $2.93 to $3.19
per share. Our Board of Directors declared dividends of $3.19, $2.93 and $2.68 per share in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
Dividends are subject to quarterly approval by our Board of Directors.

As further discussed in “Note 5: Thales-Raytheon Systems Co. Ltd. (TRS) Joint Venture,” in the second quarter of 2016, we 
recorded our acquisition of Thales S.A.’s noncontrolling interest in RCCS LLC at fair value, which resulted in a reduction to 
retained earnings of $167 million before tax, $197 million after tax. The $30 million of deferred tax is due to the change in 
outside basis difference in RCCS LLC.

Note 14: Stock-based Compensation Plans
The Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan provides for stock-based awards to be issued as stock options, stock appreciation rights, 
restricted stock, RSUs or stock grants, including awards based on performance criteria. The plan authorizes the issuance of 
7.5 million shares in addition to shares available under certain prior plans of the Company to fulfill the stock-based awards. 
The total maximum number of shares originally authorized for issuance under the 2010 Stock Plan and those certain prior 
plans is 41.8 million. The 2010 Stock Plan provides that awards to our employees, officers and consultants are generally made 
by the Management Development and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (MDCC) and are compensatory 
in nature, while awards to our non-employee directors are made by the Board’s Governance and Nominating Committee. 
Shares issued to fulfill the stock-based awards will be funded through the issuance of shares under the 2010 Stock Plan. At 
December 31, 2017, there were 6.2 million shares available for new awards and 3.6 million shares outstanding.

105

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Stock-based compensation expense and the associated tax benefit recognized were as follows:

(In millions)
Stock-based compensation expense

Restricted stock expense
RSU expense
LTPP expense

Total stock-based compensation expense
Stock-based tax benefit recognized

2017

2016

2015

$

$

94
28
38
160
30

$

$

96
26
29
151
46

$

$

92
26
22
140
44

 
At December 31, 2017, there was $183 million of compensation expense related to nonvested awards not yet recognized 
which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.5 years.
 
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
Shares of restricted stock vest over a specified period of time as determined by the MDCC, generally four years for employee 
awards and one year for nonemployee directors. Recipients of restricted stock are entitled to full dividend and voting rights 
beginning on the date of grant. Non-vested shares of restricted stock are subject to forfeiture under certain circumstances and 
restricted as to disposition until vested. At the date of grant, each share of restricted stock is credited to common stock at par 
value. The fair value of restricted stock is calculated under the intrinsic value method at the date of grant and is charged to 
income as compensation expense generally over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital.
 
RSUs also vest over a specified period of time as determined by the MDCC, are compensatory in nature and are primarily 
awarded to retirement eligible employees. Retirement eligible recipients of RSUs are entitled to full dividend rights beginning 
on the date of grant. In addition, RSUs granted to retirement eligible employees continue to vest, but do not accelerate, on 
the scheduled vesting dates into retirement subject to the recipient’s compliance with certain post-employment covenants. 
Since recipients of RSUs with continued vesting provisions have satisfied the service requirement of the award at the date of 
grant, the Company recognizes all of the stock-based compensation expense associated with the RSUs awarded to retirement 
eligible employees in the period the award is granted. The expense is based on the fair value of the RSUs, calculated under 
the intrinsic value method at the date of grant.

Restricted stock and RSU activity was as follows: 

Outstanding at December 31, 2014

Granted
Vested
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2015

Granted
Vested
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2016

Granted
Vested
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2017

106

Shares/units
(in thousands)
4,518
1,242
(1,597)
(423)
3,740
1,128
(1,407)
(167)
3,294
1,025
(1,194)
(229)
2,896

Weighted-
average
grant date
fair value
69.76
110.28
57.65
77.02
87.57
124.08
71.09
98.61
106.56
152.93
91.77
120.33
127.98

$

$

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The total fair value of restricted stock and RSUs vested and the related tax benefit realized were as follows:

2017
(In millions)
193
Fair value of restricted stock and RSUs vested
Tax benefit realized related to vested restricted stock/RSUs(1)
63
(1)  Amounts in 2017 and 2016 include excess tax benefits realized of $29 million and $32 million, respectively.

$

$

2016
183
64

$

2015
167
58

Long-term Performance Plan (LTPP)
In 2004, we established the LTPP, which provides for restricted stock unit awards granted from our stock plans to our senior 
leadership. Recipients of LTPP awards have no voting rights and receive dividend equivalent units. The vesting of LTPP 
awards and related dividend equivalent units is based upon the achievement of specific pre-established levels of performance 
at the end of a three-year performance cycle. In the event of a retirement, vesting for LTPP awards will not accelerate and 
instead will vest in accordance with the original vesting conditions on a pro-rated basis.

The performance goals for the three outstanding performance cycles at December 31, 2017 are independent of each other and 
based on three metrics, as defined in the LTPP award agreements: return on invested capital (ROIC), weighted at 50%; total 
shareholder return (TSR) relative to a peer group, weighted at 25%; and cumulative free cash flow from continuing operations 
(CFCF), weighted at 25%. Depending on the achievement of these metrics, a recipient of the LTPP award is entitled to receive 
a number of ordinary shares equal to a percentage, ranging from zero to 200% of the LTPP award granted.

Compensation expense for the LTPP awards is recognized on a straight-line basis from the grant date through the end of the 
performance period based upon the value determined under the intrinsic value method for the CFCF and ROIC portions of 
the LTPP award and the Monte Carlo simulation method for the TSR portion of the LTPP award. Compensation expense for 
the CFCF and ROIC portions of the awards will be adjusted based upon the expected achievement of those performance goals.

The assumptions used in the Monte Carlo model for the TSR portion of the LTPP awards granted during each year were as 
follows:

Expected stock price volatility
Peer group stock price volatility
Correlations of returns
Risk free interest rate

2017
18.74%
20.01%
56.55%
1.53%

2016
18.60%
20.06%
58.05%
1.08%

2015
16.90%
19.37%
59.51%
0.89%

107

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

LTPP award activity was as follows(1): 

$

Outstanding at December 31, 2015

Outstanding at December 31, 2014

Granted
Increase due to expected performance
Vested
Forfeited

Weighted-
average
grant date
fair value
60.53
112.14
73.70
50.83
85.16
80.83
123.31
89.62
61.38
105.52
110.32
152.29
125.14
97.59
137.57
Outstanding at December 31, 2017
127.16
(1)  This table excludes dividend equivalent units outstanding of 28 thousand at December 31, 2017, 28 thousand at December 31, 2016, and 50 thousand

Units
(in thousands)
1,408
189
148
(797)
(33)
915
167
205
(590)
(32)
665
142
193
(273)
(4)
723

Granted
Increase due to expected performance
Vested
Forfeited

Granted
Increase due to expected performance
Vested
Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2016

$

at December 31, 2015, based on expected performance on each reporting date.

The total fair value of LTPP awards vested and the related tax benefit realized were as follows:

(In millions)
Fair value of LTPP awards vested
Tax benefit realized related to vested LTPP awards(1)
(1)  Amounts in 2017 and 2016 include excess tax benefits realized of $7 million and $15 million, respectively. 

2017
44
15

$

$

2016
77
27

$

2015
93
33

Forcepoint Plans
In 2015, Forcepoint established long-term incentive plans that provide for awards of unit appreciation rights and profits 
interests in the joint venture to Forcepoint management and key employees. Awards are approved by the Board of Forcepoint. 
These awards vest over a specified period of time and settlement is subject to a liquidity event defined as either a change in 
control or an initial public offering of the joint venture. In 2017, Forcepoint issued 6 thousand unit appreciation rights, 5 
thousand were forfeited, and had 16 thousand outstanding at December 31, 2017. Also in 2017, Forcepoint issued 38 thousand
profits interests, 24 thousand were forfeited, 1 thousand were vested, and had 102 thousand outstanding at December 31, 
2017. At December 31, 2017, there were 174 thousand and 54 thousand combined units and/or profits interests authorized 
and available for issuance, respectively, under these plans. The fair value of the awards is determined using the Black-Scholes 
valuation model and compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period when achievement of the liquidity 
event is considered probable. In certain limited circumstances other vesting conditions may apply and the expense attributable 
to these vesting conditions was $13 million, $10 million and $0 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

108

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model and the weighted-average grant date fair value for the 
Forcepoint awards granted in 2017 were as follows:

Unit Price
Expected life (in years)
Expected unit price volatility
Risk free interest rate
Dividend yield
Grant date fair value

$ 1,101.31
2.29
49.51%
1.46%
—%

$

339.72

Note 15: Pension and Other Employee Benefits
We have pension plans covering the majority of our employees hired prior to January 1, 2007, including certain employees 
in foreign countries (Pension Benefits). Our primary pension obligations relate to our domestic Internal Revenue Service 
(IRS) qualified pension plans. In addition, we provide certain health care and life insurance benefits to retired employees and 
to eligible employees upon retirement through other postretirement benefit (PRB) plans.
 
The fair value of plan assets for our domestic and foreign Pension Benefits plans was as follows:

(In millions)
Domestic Pension Benefits plan
Foreign Pension Benefits plan

2017
$ 20,075
927

2016
$ 17,808
797

We maintain a defined contribution plan that includes a 401(k) plan. Covered employees hired or rehired on or after January 1, 
2007 are eligible for a Company contribution based on age and service, instead of participating in our pension plans. These 
and other covered employees are eligible to contribute up to a specific percentage of their pay to the 401(k) plan, subject to 
IRS compensation and contribution limits. We match the employee contributions. The match is generally 3% or 4% of the 
employee’s pay and is invested in the same way as the employee contributions. Total expense for our contributions was $303 
million, $286 million and $276 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
 
At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, there was $18.4 billion and $15.9 billion invested in our defined contribution 
plan, respectively. At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, $2.1 billion and $1.6 billion of these amounts were invested 
in our stock fund, respectively.

We also sponsor nonqualified defined benefit and defined contribution plans to provide benefits in excess of qualified plan 
limits. We have set aside certain assets in a separate trust, which we expect to be used to pay for trust obligations. The fair 
value of marketable securities held in trust, which are considered Level 1 assets under the fair value hierarchy, consisted of 
the following at December 31:

(In millions)
Marketable securities held in trust

2017
633

$

2016
550

$

 
Included in marketable securities held in trust in the table above was $410 million and $354 million at December 31, 2017
and December 31, 2016, respectively, related to the nonqualified defined contribution plans. The liabilities related to the 
nonqualified defined contribution plans were $422 million and $360 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, 
respectively.

We also maintain additional contractual pension benefits agreements for certain executive officers. The liability associated 
with such agreements was $38 million at both December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016.
 

109

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Contributions and Benefit Payments
We may make both required and discretionary contributions to our pension plans. Required contributions are primarily 
determined in accordance with the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (PPA), which amended the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) rules and are affected by the actual return on plan assets (ROA) and plan funded status. The 
funding requirements under the PPA require us to fully fund our pension plans over a rolling seven-year period as determined 
annually based upon the funded status at the beginning of the year.

Due to the low interest rate environment, Congress provided for temporary pension funding relief through a provision in the 
Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2012 (STE Act). The provision was extended through 2020 by the Highway and 
Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (HATFA) and the Bipartisan Budget Act (BBA) of 2015. The provision adjusts the 24-
month average high quality corporate bond rates used to determine the PPA funded status so that they are within a floor and 
cap, or “corridor,” based on the 25-year average of corporate bond rates. Beginning in 2020, the provision is gradually phased 
out. 

We made the following contributions to our pension and PRB plans during the years ended December 31:  

(In millions)
Required pension contributions
Discretionary pension contributions
PRB contributions
Total

2017
615
1,000
27
1,642

$

$

2016
145
500
25
670

$

$

2015
339
200
22
561

$

$

We periodically evaluate whether to make additional discretionary contributions. We expect to make required contributions 
of approximately $936 million and $27 million to our pension and PRB plans, respectively, in 2018.

The table below reflects the total Pension Benefits expected to be paid from the plans or from our assets, including both our 
share of the benefit cost and the participants’ share of the cost, which is funded by participant contributions. PRB benefits 
expected to be paid reflect our portion only.

(In millions)
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter (next 5 years)

 

$

Pension
Benefits
2,223
1,876
1,890
1,845
1,805
8,093

$

PRB
63
61
59
57
55
245

110

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Defined Benefit Retirement Plan Summary Financial Information
The tables below outline the components of net periodic benefit expense (income) and related actuarial assumptions of our 
domestic and foreign Pension Benefits and PRB plans. 

Components of Net Periodic Pension Expense (Income) (in millions)
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets

Amounts reflected in net funded status

Amortization of prior service cost included in net periodic pension expense
Recognized net actuarial loss
Loss recognized due to settlements

Amounts reclassified during the year

Net periodic pension expense (income)

2017
473
1,088
(1,377)
184
5
1,177
1
1,183
1,367

$

$

Pension Benefits

2016
482
1,089
(1,505)
66
5
999
3
1,007
1,073

$

$

2015
537
1,047
(1,533)
51
7
1,127
1
1,135
1,186

$

$

Net periodic pension expense (income) also includes expense from foreign Pension Benefits plans of $2 million in 2017, and 
income of $4 million and $5 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Components of Net Periodic PRB Expense (Income) (in millions)
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets

Amounts reflected in net funded status

Amortization of prior service cost included in net periodic PRB expense
Recognized net actuarial loss
Loss recognized due to settlements

Amounts reclassified during the year

Net periodic PRB expense (income)

2017
6
30
(21)
15
(1)
10
1
10
25

$

$

Funded Status – Amounts Recognized on our Balance Sheets
(in millions) December 31:
Noncurrent assets
Current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities
Net amount recognized on our balance sheets

Reconciliation of Amounts Recognized on our Balance Sheets
(in millions) December 31:
Accumulated other comprehensive loss:
Prior service (cost) credit
Net loss
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Accumulated contributions in excess (below) net periodic benefit

or cost

Net amount recognized on our balance sheets

Pension Benefits

$

2017
112
(164)
(7,515)
$ (7,567)

$

2016
19
(127)
(7,074)
$ (7,182)

Pension Benefits

2017

2016

 
$

(22)
(11,607)
(11,629)

 
$

(13)
(10,975)
(10,988)

4,062
$ (7,567)

3,806
$ (7,182)

111

PRB

2016
6
31
(25)
12
(1)
3
2
4
16

PRB

2017
—
(19)
(368)
(387)

PRB

2017

—
(137)
(137)

(250)
(387)

$

$

$

$

 
$

$

$

$

$

$

 
$

$

2015
7
30
(28)
9
(1)
2
2
3
12

2016
—
(19)
(358)
(377)

2016

1
(128)
(127)

(250)
(377)

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Sources of Change in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
(in millions)
Prior service (cost) credit arising during period
Amortization of prior service cost (credit) included in net income

$

Net change in prior service (cost) credit not recognized in

net income during the period

Actuarial gain (loss) arising during period
Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss included in net income
Loss due to curtailments/settlements

Net change in actuarial gain (loss) not included in net

income during the period

Effect of exchange rates
Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss during

period

Pension Benefits

PRB

$

2017
(15)
5

(10)
(1,796)
1,177
2

(617)
(14)

$

2016
(1)
5

4
(1,212)
999
3

(210)
25

$

2017
—
(1)

(1)
(20)
10
1

(9)
—

$

(641)

$

(181)

$

(10)

$

2016
—
(1)

(1)
(26)
3
2

(21)
—

(22)

The amounts in AOCL at December 31, 2017 expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost in 2018
are as follows: 

(In millions)
Amortization of net gain (loss)
Amortization of prior service (cost) credit
Total

Pension
Benefits
$ (1,377)
(5)
$ (1,382)

PRB
(9)
—
(9)

$

$

 
The projected benefit obligation (PBO) represents the present value of Pension Benefits earned through the end of the year, 
with an allowance for future salary increases. The accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) is similar to the PBO, but does not 
provide for future salary increases. The PBO, ABO and asset values for our domestic qualified pension plans were as follows: 

(In millions)
PBO for domestic qualified pension plans
ABO for domestic qualified pension plans
Asset values for domestic qualified pension plans

2017
$ 26,150
24,122
20,075

2016
$ 23,818
22,089
17,808

The PBO and fair value of plans assets for Pension Benefits plans with PBOs in excess of plan assets were $27,084 million
and  $19,405  million,  respectively,  at  December 31,  2017  and  $24,382  million  and  $17,182  million,  respectively,  at 
December 31, 2016.

The ABO and fair value of plan assets for Pension Benefits plans with ABOs in excess of plan assets were $24,795 million
and  $19,405  million,  respectively,  at  December 31,  2017  and  $22,511  million  and  $17,182  million,  respectively,  at 
December 31, 2016. The ABO for all Pension Benefits plans was $26,276 million and $23,911 million at December 31, 2017
and December 31, 2016, respectively.

112

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The tables below provide a reconciliation of benefit obligations, plan assets and related actuarial assumptions of our domestic 
and foreign Pension Benefits and PRB plans.

Change in Projected Benefit Obligation (in millions)
PBO at beginning of year
Service cost
Interest cost
Plan participants’ contributions
Amendments
Plan curtailments/settlements
Actuarial loss (gain)
Foreign exchange loss (gain)
Benefits paid
PBO at end of year

Pension Benefits
2017
$ 25,787
473
1,088
8
15
(5)
3,085
78
(1,960)
$ 28,569

2016
$ 25,445
482
1,089
9
1
(7)
831
(140)
(1,923)
$ 25,787

PRB

2017
737
6
30
35
—
(9)
41
—
(95)
745

$

$

2016
745
6
31
46
—
(10)
21
—
(102)
737

$

$

The  PBO  for  our  domestic  and  foreign  Pension  Benefits  plans  was  $27,661  million  and  $908  million,  respectively,  at 
December 31, 2017 and $24,946 million and $841 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016.

Change in Plan Assets (in millions)
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year
Actual return (loss) on plan assets
Company contributions
Plan participants’ contributions
Plan settlements
Foreign exchange gain (loss)
Benefits paid
Fair value of plan assets at end of year

 
Retirement Plan Assumptions 

Weighted-Average Net Periodic Benefit Cost Assumptions
Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

Range
Average

Pension Benefits
2017
$ 18,605
2,666
1,615
8
(4)
72
(1,960)
$ 21,002

2016
$ 18,900
1,124
645
9
(7)
(143)
(1,923)
$ 18,605

PRB

2017
360
40
27
35
(9)
—
(95)
358

$

$

2016
380
21
25
46
(10)
—
(102)
360

$

$

Pension Benefits

2017
4.31%
7.39%

2016
4.45%
7.91%

2015
4.06%
7.91%

2%–7%
4.43%

2%–7%
4.42%

2%–7%
4.41%

113

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Weighted-Average Net Periodic Benefit Cost Assumptions
Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

Range
Average

Health care trend rate*
 * Currently at the ultimate trend rate.

Weighted-Average Year-End Benefit Obligation Assumptions
Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase

Range
Average

Health care trend rate*
 * Currently at the ultimate trend rate.

2017
4.28%
6.25%

2%–7%
4.50%
4.00%

PRB

2016
4.42%
6.99%

2%–7%
4.50%
4.00%

Pension Benefits
2017
3.68%

2016
4.31%

PRB

2017
3.72%

2%–7%
4.40%

2%–7%
4.40%

 

 

2%–7%
4.50%
4.00%

2015
4.05%
7.01%

2%–7%
4.50%
4.00%

2016
4.28%

2%–7%
4.50%
4.00%

The weighted-average year-end benefit obligation discount rate for our domestic Pension Benefits plans was 3.72% and 4.36%
at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. Our foreign Pension Benefits plan assumptions have been included 
in the Pension Benefits assumptions in the table above.

The long-term ROA represents the average rate of earnings expected over the long term on the assets invested to provide for 
anticipated future benefit payment obligations. The long-term ROA used to calculate net periodic pension cost is set annually 
at the beginning of each year. Given the long-term nature of the ROA assumption, which we believe should not be solely 
reactive to short-term market conditions that may not persist, we expect the long-term ROA to remain unchanged unless there 
are significant changes in our investment strategy, the underlying economic assumptions or other major factors.

To establish our long-term ROA assumption we employ a “building block” approach. We then annually consider whether it 
is appropriate to change our long-term ROA assumption by reviewing the existing assumption against a statistically determined 
reasonable range of outcomes. The building block approach and the reasonable range of outcomes are based upon our asset 
allocation assumptions and long-term capital market assumptions. Such assumptions incorporate the economic outlook for 
various asset classes over short- and long-term periods and also take into consideration other factors, including historical 
market performance, inflation and interest rates.

Actuarial Standard of Practice No. 27, Selection of Economic Assumptions for Measuring Pension Obligations (ASOP 27) 
requires the selection of a reasonable long-term ROA assumption that considers multiple criteria including the purposes of 
measurement, the actuary’s professional judgment, historical and current economic data and estimates of future experience 
and has no significant bias. We evaluate our long-term ROA assumption against a reasonable range of possible outcomes 
which we define as between the 35th to 65th percentile likelihood of achieving a long-term return over future years. We 
believe that validating our ROA assumption within this reasonable range ensures an unbiased result while also ensuring that 
the ROA assumption is not solely reactive to short-term market conditions that may not persist, and is consistent with external 
actuarial practices. 

114

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The reasonable range of long-term returns that was used to validate the long-term ROA assumption for the calculation of the 
net periodic benefit cost for 2017, 2016 and 2015, is shown below.

Percentile
35th
65th

2017
5.82%
7.96%

2016
6.09%
8.16%

2015
6.37%
8.37%

2015 ROA Assumption—In the fourth quarter of 2014, we reduced our long-term target allocation for equities and increased 
our target allocation for fixed income within the investment policy allocations established by our Investment Committee in 
order to reduce the overall exposure to equity volatility. This change in asset allocation reduced the range of reasonable 
outcomes that we use to evaluate our long-term ROA assumption and we determined that the historical assumption of 8.75% 
no longer fell within this range. As a result, we employed a building block approach to develop our 2015 long-term ROA 
assumption. Under this building block method, the overall expected investment return equals the weighted-average of the 
individual expected return for each asset class based on the target asset allocation and the long-term capital market assumptions. 
The expected return for each asset class is composed of inflation plus a risk-free rate of return, plus an expected risk premium 
for that asset class. The resulting return is then adjusted for administrative, investment management and trading expenses as 
well as recognition of excess returns, also known as alpha, for active management. The building block approach resulted in 
a long-term ROA assumption of 8.0% for 2015. To validate this assumption we compared the result against the reasonable 
range of outcomes and confirmed that the 8.0% result fell between the 55th and 60th percentiles of the reasonable range for 
2015 with the 50th percentile at 7.37%. In addition, when we updated our target asset allocation and our long-term ROA 
assumption changed from 8.75% to 8.0%, we assessed what our historical asset performance may have been since 1986 using 
the updated target allocation and concluded the average return would likely have been equal to or greater than 8.0% for the 
time period from 1986 through 2014.

Based upon our application of the building block approach and our review of the resulting assumption against the 35th to 
65th percentile reasonable range and an analysis of our historical results, we established a 2015 long-term domestic ROA 
assumption of 8.0% for purposes of determining the net periodic benefit cost for 2015 and determined that the assumption is 
reasonable and consistent with the provisions of ASOP 27.

2016 ROA Assumption—The long-term domestic ROA of 8.0% fell between the 60th and 65th percentiles of the applicable 
reasonable range for 2016. The 50th percentile of this reasonable range was 7.12%.

2017 ROA Assumption—At year end 2016, we determined that the 8.0% long-term ROA assumption no longer fell within 
the range of reasonable outcomes, driven primarily by the current outlook on economic assumptions used to develop the 
reasonable range. As a result, we employed the building block approach described above to develop our 2017 long-term ROA 
assumption. The  building  block  approach  resulted  in  a  long-term  ROA  assumption  of  7.5%  for  2017. To  validate  this 
assumption, we compared the result against the reasonable range of outcomes and confirmed that the 7.5% fell between the 
55th and 60th percentile of the reasonable range for 2017 with the 50th percentile at 6.89%. 

Based upon our application of the building block approach and our review of the resulting assumption against the 35th to 
65th percentile reasonable range and an analysis of our historical results, we established a 2017 long-term ROA domestic 
assumption of 7.5% for purposes of determining the net periodic benefit cost for 2017 and determined that the assumption is 
reasonable and consistent with the provisions of ASOP 27.

Our domestic pension plans’ actual rates of return were approximately 15%, 6% and 0% for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The difference between the actual rate of return and our long-term ROA assumption is included in deferred gains and losses.

The long-term ROA assumptions for foreign Pension Benefits plans are based on the asset allocations and the economic 
environment prevailing in the locations where the Pension Benefits plans reside. Foreign pension assets do not make up a 
significant portion of the total assets for all of our Pension Benefits plans.
 
For purposes of determining pension expense under U.S. GAAP, a “corridor” approach may be elected and applied in the 
recognition of asset and liability gains or losses which limits expense recognition to the net outstanding gains and losses in 

115

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

excess of the greater of 10% of the projected benefit obligation (PBO) or the calculated “market-related value” of assets. We 
do not use a “corridor” approach in the calculation of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension expense.

The effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the assumed health care trend rate for each future year for the aggregate of service 
cost and interest cost is less than $1 million and for the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation is a $5 million increase 
or decrease.

Plan Assets
Substantially all our domestic Pension Benefits Plan (Plan) assets, which consist of investments in cash and cash equivalents, 
publicly traded U.S. and international equity securities, real assets, private equity funds, private real estate funds, fixed-income 
securities, commingled funds and other investments such as absolute return funds, insurance contracts and derivatives, are 
held in a master trust, which was established for the investment of assets of our Company-sponsored retirement plans. The 
assets of the master trust are overseen by our Investment Committee comprised of members of senior management drawn 
from appropriate diversified levels of the executive management team.

The Investment Committee is responsible for setting the policy that provides the framework for management of the Plan 
assets. In accordance with its responsibilities and charter, the Investment Committee meets on a regular basis to review the 
performance of the Plan assets and compliance with the investment policy. The policy sets forth an investment structure for 
managing Plan assets, including setting the asset allocation ranges, which are expected to provide an appropriate level of 
overall diversification and total investment return over the long term while maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay the benefits 
of the Plan. In developing the asset allocation ranges, third-party asset allocation and liability studies are periodically performed 
that consider the current and expected positions of the plan assets and funded status. Based on these studies and other appropriate 
information, the Investment Committee establishes asset allocation ranges taking into account acceptable risk targets and 
associated returns.

The investment policy asset allocation ranges for the Plan, as set by the Investment Committee, for the year ended December 31, 
2017 were as follows:

Asset Category
Global equity (combined U.S. and international equity)

U.S. equities
International equities

Fixed-income securities
Cash and cash equivalents
Private equity and private real estate
Real assets
Other (including absolute return funds)

30%-60%
20%-35%
10%-25%
20%-45%
0%-10%
10%-20%
0%-4%
5%-15%

The Investment Committee appoints the investment fiduciary, who is responsible for making investment decisions within the 
framework of the Investment Policy, setting the long-term target allocation within the investment policy asset allocation ranges 
and for supervising the internal pension investment team. The pension investment team is comprised of experienced investment 
professionals, who are all employees of the Company. The investment fiduciary reports back to the Investment Committee. 
During times of unusual market conditions, the investment fiduciary may seek authorization from the Investment Committee 
to change the investing allocation ranges with a focus on managing plan risk by reasonably limiting excessive volatility or 
other undesirable consequences.
 
Taking into account the asset allocation ranges, the investment fiduciary determines the specific allocation of the Plan’s 
investments within various asset classes. The Plan utilizes select investment strategies which are executed through separate 
account or fund structures with external investment managers who demonstrate experience and expertise in the appropriate 
asset classes and styles. The selection of investment managers is done with careful evaluation of all aspects of performance 
and risk, due diligence of internal operations and controls, reputation, systems evaluation, fees and a review of investment 
managers’ policies and processes. The Plan also utilizes funds that track an index and are highly liquid. Investment performance 

116

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

is monitored frequently against appropriate benchmarks and within a compliance framework with the assistance of third-party 
performance measurement and evaluation tools, analytics and metrics.

Consistent with the objective of optimizing return on investment on a risk-adjusted basis in a prudent manner given prevailing 
market conditions, multiple investment strategies are employed to diversify risk such that no single investment or manager 
holding represents a significant exposure to the total investment portfolio. Plan assets are invested in numerous strategies 
with the intent to build a diversified portfolio. Plan assets can be invested in funds that track an index and are designed to 
achieve broad market diversification. The Plan had $3.0 billion invested in such funds across eight indices as of December 31, 
2017. Excluding funds that track an index, no individual investment strategy represented more than 5% of the Plan as of 
December 31, 2017. Further, within each separate account strategy, guidelines are established which set forth the list of 
authorized investments, the typical portfolio characteristics and diversification required by limiting the amount that can be 
invested by sector, country and issuer. 

The Plan’s investments are stated at fair value. Investments in equity securities (common and preferred) are valued at the last 
reported sales price when an active market exists. Investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued using methods 
based upon market transactions for comparable securities and various relationships between securities which are generally 
recognized by institutional traders. Investments in private equity funds, private real estate funds and other commingled funds 
are estimated at fair market value, which primarily utilizes net asset values reported by the investment manager or fund 
administrator. We  review  additional  valuation  and  pricing  information  from  fund  managers,  including  audited  financial 
statements, to evaluate the net asset values.

The fair value of our Plan assets by asset category and by level (as described in “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies”) at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 were as follows: 

December 31, 2017: (In millions) 
U.S. equities(1)
International equities(1)
Real assets(2)
Fixed-income securities

U.S. government and agency securities
Corporate debt securities/instruments(3)
Core fixed-income(4)
Global multi-sector fixed-income(5)
Securitized and structured credit(6)

Cash and cash equivalents(7)
Absolute return funds
Private equity funds
Private real estate funds
Insurance contracts
Total investments
Net receivables and payables
Total assets

$

Total
5,217
3,784
100

1,919
2,850
102
472
571
655
1,680
1,416
1,203
30
19,999
76
$ 20,075

$

Level 1
2,631
2,613
79

$

Level 2
—
1
—

$

Level 3
—
—
—

Not subject 
to leveling(7)
2,586
$
1,170
21

1,814
278
102
472
—
42
—
—
—
—
8,031
—
8,031

$

105
2,097
—
—
—
1
—
—
—
—
2,204
—
2,204

$

$

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
30
30
—
30

—
475
—
—
571
612
1,680
1,416
1,203
—
9,734
76
9,810

$

117

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Total
4,527
3,099
103

$

 

Level 1
2,433
2,120
103

$

 

Level 2
—
1
—

$

 

Level 3
—
—
—

$

 

Not subject 
to leveling(7)
2,094
$
978
—

December 31, 2016: (In millions)
U.S. equities(1)
International equities(1)
Real assets(2)
Fixed-income securities

U.S. government and agency securities
Corporate debt securities/instruments(3)
Core fixed-income(4)
Global multi-sector fixed-income(5)
Securitized and structured credit(6)

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
29
29
—
29

—
288
—
—
611
537
1,412
1,251
1,167
—
8,338
227
8,565

1,031
3,092
345
343
611
571
1,412
1,251
1,167
29
17,581
227
$ 17,808

917
277
345
343
—
26
—
—
—
—
6,564
—
6,564

114
2,527
—
—
—
8
—
—
—
—
2,650
—
2,650

Cash and cash equivalents(7)
Absolute return funds
Private equity funds
Private real estate funds
Insurance contracts
Total investments
Net receivables and payables
Total assets
(1)  U.S. and International equities primarily include investments across the spectrum of large, medium and small market capitalization stocks.
(2)  Real asset investments include strategies and funds that invest in physical and permanent assets, including infrastructure.
(3)  Corporate debt securities/instruments include investment grade and non-investment grade securities.
(4)  Core fixed-income securities are funds that invest primarily in intermediate-term high quality domestic securities issued by various governmental or 

$

$

$

$

private sector entities.

(5)  Global multi-sector fixed-income investments are funds that invest globally among several sectors including governments, investment grade corporate 

bonds, high yield corporate bonds and emerging market securities.

(6)  Securitized and structured credit include fixed-income funds and securities that pool together various cash flow producing financial assets that are 
structured in a way that can achieve desired targeted credit, maturity or other characteristics and are typically collateralized by residential mortgages, 
commercial mortgages and other assets, and other fixed income related securities.

(7)  Cash and cash equivalents are invested in highly liquid money market funds and bank sponsored collective funds. Included in cash and cash equivalents 
is excess cash in investment manager accounts. This cash is available for immediate use and is used to fund daily operations and execute the investment 
policy. This amount is not considered to be part of the cash target allocation set forth in the investment policy.

(8)  Receivables, payables and certain investments that are valued using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been 
classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to 
the amount presented for the total domestic pension benefits plan assets.

A reconciliation of investments with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) has not been provided as the amounts are 
immaterial.

The Plan limits the use of derivatives through direct or separate account investments such that the derivatives used are liquid 
and able to be readily valued in the market. Derivative usage in separate account structures is limited to hedging purposes or 
to gain market exposure in a non-speculative manner. The fair market value of the Plan’s derivatives through direct or separate 
account  investments  was  approximately  $3  million  and  $1  million  as  of  December 31,  2017  and  December 31,  2016, 
respectively.
 
In addition, assets are held in trust for non-U.S. Pension Benefits plans, primarily in the U.K. and Canada, which are governed 
locally in accordance with specific jurisdictional requirements. These assets are overseen by local management in Canada 
and by trustees with a combination of members representing plan participants and local management in the U.K. Investments 
in the non-U.S. Pension Benefits plans consist primarily of fixed-income securities and equity securities and had a fair market 
value of $927 million and $797 million at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. These investments are 
valued using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) as well as significant observable inputs (Level 2). Investments with 
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) are immaterial in the non-U.S. Pension Benefits plans.
 

118

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

The fair market value of assets related to our PRB Benefits was $358 million and $360 million as of December 31, 2017 and 
December 31,  2016,  respectively.  These  assets  included  $165  million  and  $161  million  at  December 31,  2017  and 
December 31, 2016, respectively, which were invested in the master trust described above and are therefore invested in the 
same assets described above. The remaining investments are held within Voluntary Employees’ Beneficiary Association 
(VEBA) trusts. The assets of the VEBA trusts are also overseen by the Investment Committee and managed by the same 
investment fiduciary that manages the master trust’s investments. These assets are generally invested in mutual funds and are 
valued primarily using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1). There were no Level 3 investments in the VEBA trusts at 
December 31, 2017 or December 31, 2016.
 
The table below details assets by category for our VEBA trusts. These assets consisted primarily of publicly-traded equity 
securities and publicly-traded fixed-income securities.

Asset category
Fixed-income securities
U.S. equities
International equities
Cash and cash equivalents
Total

Note 16: Income Taxes
The provision for federal and foreign income taxes consisted of the following: 

% of Plan Assets at Dec 31:
2016
45%
40%
10%
5%
100%

2017
44%
40%
10%
6%
100%

(In millions)
Current income tax expense (benefit)

Federal
Foreign
State

Deferred income tax expense (benefit)

Federal
Foreign
State

Total

2017

822
40
—

235
18
(1)
1,114

 
$

 

$

 
$

 

$

 
The expense for income taxes differed from the U.S. statutory rate due to the following: 

Statutory tax rate
Research and development tax credit
Tax settlements and refund claims
Domestic manufacturing deduction benefit
Foreign income tax rate differential
Equity compensation
TRS tax-free gain
Remeasurement of deferred taxes
One-time transition tax on previously undistributed foreign earnings
Other, net
Effective tax rate

2017
35.0%
(1.5)
—
(2.5)
0.2
(1.2)
—
3.2
2.3
0.3
35.8%

2016

713
38
(3)

118
6
1
873

2016
35.0%
(1.3)
—
(2.7)
—
(1.6)
(1.8)
—
—
0.7
28.3%

 
$

 

$

2015

757
36
(4)

(89)
45
2
747

2015
35.0%
(1.2)
(3.2)
(3.1)
(1.4)
—
—
—
—
0.2
26.3%

119

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

On December 22, 2017, the President signed the 2017 Act which enacts a wide range of changes to the U.S. corporate income 
tax system. The 2017 Act reduces the U.S. corporate tax rate to 21% effective in 2018, eliminates the domestic manufacturing 
deduction benefit and introduces other tax base broadening measures, changes rules for expensing and capitalizing business 
expenditures, establishes a territorial tax system for foreign earnings as well as a minimum tax on certain foreign earnings, 
provides for a one-time transition tax on previously undistributed foreign earnings, and introduces new rules for the treatment 
of certain export sales. 

Also on December 22, 2017, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (SAB 118), which provides companies with 
additional guidance on how to account for the 2017 Act in its financial statements, allowing companies to use a measurement 
period. At December 31, 2017, we have not completed our accounting for the tax effects of enactment of the Act; however, 
as described below, we have made a reasonable estimate of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances and the one-time 
transition tax. For these items, we recognized provisional amounts totaling $171 million in accordance with SAB 118, which 
are included as a component of income tax expense from continuing operations. We expect to finalize these provisional 
estimates before the end of 2018 after completing our reviews and analysis, including reviews and analysis of any interpretations 
issued during this measurement period.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities—We provisionally remeasured certain deferred tax assets and liabilities, excluding those 
items that will be included on our 2017 tax return, based on the rates we expect to realize the deferred tax assets and liabilities 
at in the future, which is generally 21%. However, we are still analyzing certain aspects of the Act, such as the transition rules 
and the minimum tax on foreign earnings, and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of 
these balances or potentially give rise to new deferred tax amounts in the measurement period. The provisional amount recorded 
related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax balance was $100 million of tax expense.

With the adoption of a minimum tax on foreign earnings, the Company will be subject to tax on global intangible low-taxed 
income (GILTI) in future years. We are continuing to evaluate this provision and will not make a policy election on how to 
account for GILTI (as a period expense or as part of our rate on deferred taxes) until we have the necessary information 
available, including the interpretations of the new rules, to analyze the impacts and complete our analysis. We will make an 
election before the end of 2018. Because we have not made a policy election, no amounts for GILTI are included in our 
deferred taxes.

Foreign tax effects—The one-time transition tax is based on our total post-1986 earnings and profits (E&P) for which we 
have previously deferred U.S. income taxes. We recorded a provisional amount for our one-time transition tax liability, using 
an estimated applicable tax rate of 15.5%, resulting in an increase in income tax expense of $71 million after accounting for 
foreign tax credits. We have not yet completed our calculation of the total post-1986 foreign E&P for these foreign subsidiaries. 
Further, the transition tax is based in part on the amount of those earnings held in cash and other specified assets. This amount 
may change when we finalize the calculation of post-1986 foreign E&P previously deferred from U.S. federal taxation and 
finalize the amounts held in cash or other specified assets. We also expect additional clarifying and interpretative technical 
guidance to be issued related to the calculation of our one-time transition tax. No additional income taxes have been provided 
for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and any additional outside basis difference 
inherent in these entities as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. 

Although we believe the significant impacts from the 2017 Act are those described above, we continue to review and evaluate 
the other provisions of the 2017 Act. This review could result in changes to the amounts we have provisionally recorded. We 
expect to complete this review and evaluation before the end of 2018.

In the second quarter of 2016, the Company recorded a tax benefit of approximately $55 million as a result of the tax-free 
gain from the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS as discussed in “Note 5: Thales-Raytheon Systems Co. Ltd. 
(TRS) Joint Venture.” 

In December 2015, U.S. legislation was enacted to permanently reinstate the Research and Development tax credit (R&D tax 
credit) which had expired on December 31, 2014. In 2017, 2016 and 2015 we recorded a full year benefit of approximately 
$46 million, $41 million and $33 million related to the 2017, 2016 and 2015 R&D tax credits, respectively. 

120

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We have participated in the IRS Compliance 
Assurance Process (CAP) program since 2011. All IRS examinations of our tax years prior to 2015 are closed. We continue 
to participate in the CAP program for the 2015, 2016 and 2017 tax years. We are also under audit by multiple state and foreign 
tax authorities. In December 2017, we received the IRS Revenue Agent’s Report for the 2015 tax year which proposed 
approximately $41 million in adjustments related to the Forcepoint transaction and a U.K. share redemption transaction. We 
disagree with the adjustments and will protest the proposed adjustments with the IRS Appeals division.

(In millions)
Domestic income from continuing operations before taxes
Foreign income from continuing operations before taxes

$

2017
3,027
86

$

2016
2,964
121

$

2015
2,523
318

At December 31, 2017, foreign earnings of approximately $825 million have been taxed due to the one-time transition tax 
on previously undistributed foreign earnings required by the 2017 Act. For any future foreign earnings, the Company will 
generally be free of additional U.S. tax consequences due to a dividends received deduction implemented as part of the move 
to a territorial tax system for foreign subsidiary earnings. No provision has been made for deferred taxes related to any 
remaining  historical  outside  basis  differences  in  our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries. The  Company  continues  to  assert  indefinite 
reinvestment in these outside basis differences generated on or before December 31, 2017. Determination of the amount of 
unrecognized deferred tax liability on outside basis differences is not practicable because of the complexity of laws and 
regulations,  the  varying  tax  treatment  of  alternative  repatriation  scenarios,  and  the  variation  due  to  multiple  potential 
assumptions relating to the timing of any future repatriation.

We made the following net tax payments during the years ended December 31:

(In millions)
Federal
Foreign
State

$

2017
765
77
36

$

2016
710
47
22

$

2015
1,008
43
30

We believe that our income tax reserves are adequate; however, amounts asserted by taxing authorities could be greater or 
less than amounts accrued and reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. Accordingly, we could record adjustments to the 
amounts for federal, foreign, and state tax-related liabilities in the future as we revise estimates or we settle or otherwise 
resolve the underlying matters. In the ordinary course of business, we may take new positions that could increase or decrease 
our unrecognized tax benefits in future periods. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, our liabilities associated with unrecognized 
tax benefits are not material. 

With the exception of Forcepoint, we generally defer our state income tax expense to the extent we can recover this expense 
through the pricing of our products and services to the U.S. government. We include this deferred amount in prepaid expenses 
and other current assets until allocated to our contracts, which generally occurs upon payment or when otherwise agreed as 
allocable with the U.S. government. Net state income tax expense allocated to our contracts was $32 million, $26 million and 
$28  million  in  2017,  2016  and  2015,  respectively.  We  include  state  income  tax  expense  allocated  to  our  contracts  in 
administrative and selling expenses.

121

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Deferred income taxes consisted of the following at December 31:

(In millions)
Noncurrent deferred tax assets (liabilities)

Accrued employee compensation and benefits
Other accrued expenses and reserves
Contract balances and inventories
Pension benefits
Other retiree benefits
Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
Depreciation and amortization
Partnership outside basis difference
Other
Valuation allowance

Deferred income taxes—noncurrent

2017

2016

 
$

$

202
86
(537)
1,505
67
99
(858)
(36)
21
(17)
532

 
$

$

293
126
(887)
2,368
109
121
(1,343)
(90)
52
(38)
711

 
As of December 31, 2017, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards related to Forcepoint of 
approximately $120 million and $182 million, respectively, which expire at various dates through 2036. We believe it is more 
likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized to the extent of existing deferred tax liabilities.

We also had foreign NOL carryforwards of approximately $136 million, with the majority generated in the U.K. where NOLs 
may be carried forward indefinitely. We believe that we have sufficient taxable income to realize these deferred tax assets.

The tax benefit related to discontinued operations was $1 million in 2017 and 2016 and $14 million in 2015.
 
Note 17: Business Segment Reporting
Our  reportable  segments,  organized  based  on  capabilities  and  technologies,  are:  Integrated  Defense  Systems  (IDS); 
Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS); Missile Systems (MS); Space and Airborne Systems (SAS); and Forcepoint. 
 
IDS  is  a  leader  in  integrated  air  and  missile  defense;  large  land-  and  sea-based  radar  solutions;  command,  control, 
communications, computers, cyber and intelligence solutions; and naval combat and ship electronic and sensing systems. IDS 
delivers combat-proven performance against the complete spectrum of airborne and ballistic missile threats and is a world 
leader in the technology, development, and production of sensors and mission systems. 
 
IIS provides a full range of technical and professional services to intelligence, defense, federal and commercial customers 
worldwide. IIS specializes in global Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR); navigation; DoD space and weather 
solutions; cybersecurity; analytics; training; logistics; mission support; engineering; automation and sustainment solutions; 
and international and domestic Air Traffic Management (ATM) systems. 

MS designs, develops, integrates and produces missile and combat systems for the armed forces of the U.S. and allied nations. 
Leveraging its capabilities in advanced airframes, guidance and navigation systems, high-resolution sensors, surveillance, 
targeting and netted systems, MS provides and supports a broad range of advanced weapon systems including missiles, smart 
munitions, close-in weapon systems, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles, directed energy effectors and advanced combat sensor 
solutions. 
 
SAS is a leader in the design, development and manufacture of integrated sensor and communication systems for advanced 
missions. These missions include intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; precision engagement; manned and unmanned 
aerial operations; and space. Leveraging state-of-the-art technologies, mission systems and domain knowledge, SAS designs, 
manufactures, supports and sustains civil and military electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) sensors; airborne radars for surveillance 
and fire control applications; lasers; precision guidance systems; signals intelligence systems; processors; electronic warfare 
systems; communications; and space-qualified systems. 

122

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Forcepoint develops cybersecurity products serving commercial and government organizations worldwide. Forcepoint is a 
joint venture of Raytheon and Vista Equity Partners created in May 2015 that brought together the capabilities of the legacy 
Raytheon Cyber Products (RCP) and Websense, Inc. (Websense) businesses. Forcepoint delivers a portfolio of human-centric 
cybersecurity capabilities, including data loss prevention; user and entity behavior analytics (UEBA) and cloud access security 
broker (CASB) capabilities; insider threat solutions; next-generation firewall (NGFW) technology; cloud and on premise web 
and email security; and cross domain transfer products. The amounts, discussion and presentation of our business segments, 
including corporate and eliminations for intersegment activity, set forth in this Form 10-K, reflect the Forcepoint transaction. 
The Forcepoint results reflect RCP results for all periods and Websense results after the acquisition date of May 29, 2015.

As previously announced, effective January 1, 2017, we elected to early adopt the requirements of Topic 606 using the full 
retrospective method as discussed in “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” The amounts and presentation 
of our business segments, including corporate and eliminations for intersegment activity, set forth in this Form 10-K reflect 
these changes. 

Segment total net sales and operating income include intersegment sales and profit generally recorded at cost-plus a specified 
fee, which may differ from what the selling entity would be able to obtain on sales to external customers. Eliminations includes 
intersegment sales and profit eliminations. Corporate operating income includes expenses that represent unallocated costs 
and certain other corporate costs not considered part of management’s evaluation of reportable segment operating performance. 
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments include the adjustments to record acquired deferred revenue at fair value as part of our 
purchase price allocation process and the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to historical acquisitions. 

Segment financial results were as follows: 

Total Net Sales (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Eliminations

Total business segment sales

Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
Total

Intersegment Sales (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Total

$

2017
5,804
6,177
7,787
6,430
608
(1,423)
25,383
(35)
$ 25,348

2017
64
666
132
540
21
1,423

$

$

$

2016
5,529
6,169
7,096
6,182
586
(1,361)
24,201
(77)
$ 24,124

2016
69
657
122
493
20
1,361

$

$

$

2015
5,848
6,137
6,569
5,814
344
(1,330)
23,382
(61)
$ 23,321

2015
64
624
143
484
15
1,330

$

$

123

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Operating Income (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Eliminations

Total business segment operating income

Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
FAS/CAS Adjustment
Corporate
Total

Intersegment Operating Income (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Total

2017
935
455
1,010
862
33
(148)
3,147
(160)
390
(59)
3,318

2017
5
64
13
51
15
148

$

$

$

$

2016
971
467
921
808
90
(142)
3,115
(198)
435
(57)
3,295

2016
4
65
12
46
15
142

$

$

$

$

2015
859
648
877
851
56
(140)
3,151
(168)
185
(101)
3,067

2015
2
68
15
47
8
140

$

$

$

$

We must calculate our pension and PRB costs under both FAS requirements under U.S. GAAP and CAS requirements. U.S. 
GAAP outlines the methodology used to determine pension expense or income for financial reporting purposes, which is not 
indicative of the funding requirements for pension and PRB plans that we determine by other factors. CAS prescribes the 
allocation to and recovery of pension and PRB costs on U.S. government contracts. The results of each segment only include 
pension and PRB expense as determined under CAS. The CAS requirements for pension costs and its calculation methodology 
differ from the FAS requirements and calculation methodology. As a result, while both FAS and CAS use long-term assumptions 
in their calculation methodologies, each method results in different calculated amounts of pension and PRB cost. The FAS/
CAS Adjustment, which is reported as a separate line in our segment results above, represents the difference between our 
pension and PRB expense or income under FAS in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our pension and PRB expense under 
CAS. 

The components of the FAS/CAS Adjustment were as follows: 

(In millions)
FAS/CAS Pension Adjustment
FAS/CAS PRB Adjustment
FAS/CAS Adjustment

2017
397
(7)
390

$

$

2016
435
—
435

$

$

2015
182
3
185

$

$

124

2015
124
87
62
131
10
11
425

2015
86
48
74
131
8
107
35
489

$

$

$

$

$

2016
4,573
4,315
6,970
6,564
2,548
5,268
$ 30,238

2016
2,085
81
2,166

$

$

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Capital Expenditures (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Corporate
Total(1)
(1)  Total capital expenditures may not agree to our consolidated statements of cash flows due to non-cash transactions.

2017
200
22
221
158
14
19
634

$

$

Depreciation and Amortization (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems
Intelligence, Information and Services
Missile Systems
Space and Airborne Systems
Forcepoint
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
Corporate
Total

2017
98
50
84
132
17
125
44
550

$

$

2016
135
59
135
149
19
29
526

2016
88
65
69
122
15
121
35
515

$

$

$

$

Total Assets (in millions)
Integrated Defense Systems(1)
Intelligence, Information and Services(1)
Missile Systems(1)
Space and Airborne Systems(1)
Forcepoint(1)
Corporate
Total
(1)   Total assets includes intangible assets. Related amortization expense is included in Acquisition Accounting Adjustments.  

2017
4,679
4,230
7,338
6,696
2,543
5,374
$ 30,860

$

Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, by Geographic Area (in millions)
United States
All other (principally Europe)
Total

2017
2,362
77
2,439

$

$

125

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

We disaggregate our revenue from contracts with customers by geographic location, customer-type and contract-type for each 
of our segments, as we believe it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenue and cash flows 
are affected by economic factors. See details in the tables below. 

Disaggregation of Total Net Sales 
(in millions)
United States

Sales to the U.S. government(1)

Integrated
Defense
Systems

Intelligence,
Information
and Services

Missile
Systems

2017
Space and
Airborne
Systems

Forcepoint

Other

Total

Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

$

812
1,507

$

1,090
3,576

$ 2,914
1,991

$

$

2,233
2,614

111
12

$ — $ 7,160
9,700

—

Direct commercial sales and other

U.S. sales

Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Asia/Pacific

Foreign military sales through

the U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Middle East and North Africa

Foreign military sales through

the U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

All other (principally Europe)

Foreign military sales through

the U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Total net sales
Intersegment sales
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
Reconciliation to business segment

6
1

167
138

596
145

1,066
154

979
—

7
22

128
12
5,740
64
—

sales

$
(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government. 

$ 5,804

130
9

181
51

193
—

18
1

18
—

3
2

209
30
5,511
666
—

1
—

410
64

309
1

371
22

1,013
—

157
78

320
4
7,655
132
—

51
2

113
9

284
1

191
30

175
—

51
5

202
1

—
—

59
—

—
—

25
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

390
13

871
262

1,441
147

1,646
207

2,210
—

218
107

131
—
5,890
540
—

142
—
552
21
35

930
—
—
46
— 25,348
—
—

(1,423)
(35)

6,177

$ 7,787

$

6,430

$

608

$(1,458) $25,348

126

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Total Net Sales by Geographic Areas (in millions)
United States
Asia/Pacific
Middle East and North Africa
All other (principally Europe)
Total net sales

Total Net Sales by Major Customers (in millions)
Sales to the U.S. government(1)
U.S. direct commercial sales and other

U.S. sales

Foreign military sales through the U.S.

government

Foreign direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)

Total net sales
(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government. 

$

Total Net Sales by Contract Type (in millions)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts
Total net sales

Integrated
Defense
Systems
3,761
1,979
5,740

$

$

7

1,554

1,860
5,740

Integrated
Defense
Systems
2,326
1,046
2,199
169
5,740

$

$

2017

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
$
4,805
425
37
244
5,511

$

Missile
Systems
4,906
784
1,406
559
7,655

$

$

2017

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
4,900
407
396
187
5,890

$

Forcepoint
$
326
59
25
142
552

$

Total
$ 17,263
2,721
4,063
1,301
$ 25,348

Integrated
Defense
Systems
2,319

$

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
$
4,666

Missile
Systems
4,905

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
4,847

$

Forcepoint
$
123

Total
$ 16,860

1

1,102

1,647
7,655

53

399

591
5,890

$

$

203

—

226
552

403

3,311

4,774
$ 25,348

2017

Missile
Systems
5,495
2,160
7,655

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
3,229
2,661
5,890

$

Forcepoint
539
$
13
552

$

Total
$ 14,866
10,482
$ 25,348

139

256

450
5,511

$

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
1,842
$
3,669
5,511

$

$

$

$

127

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Integrated
Defense
Systems

Intelligence,
Information
and Services

Missile
Systems

2016
Space and
Airborne
Systems

Forcepoint

Other

Total

$

766
1,473

$

1,170
3,357

$ 2,647
1,902

$

$

2,321
2,345

86
16

$ — $ 6,990
9,093

—

Disaggregation of Total Net Sales 
(in millions)
United States

Sales to the U.S. government(1)

Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other

U.S. sales

Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Asia/Pacific

Foreign military sales through the

U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Middle East and North Africa

Foreign military sales through the

U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

All other (principally Europe)

Foreign military sales through the

U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Total net sales
Intersegment sales
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
Reconciliation to business segment

13
5

136
119

502
175

816
153

1,086
1

18
23

162
12
5,460
69
—

sales

$
(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government. 

$ 5,529

167
22

180
77

166
—

60
3

72
—

2
—

2
—

328
70

249
1

387
25

829
—

108
90

20
3

107
6

288
—

148
1

272
—

34
8

193
—

—
—

49
—

—
—

18
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

395
30

751
272

1,254
176

1,411
182

2,277
1

162
121

206
30
5,512
657
—

333
3
6,974
122
—

136
—
5,689
493
—

127
—
489
20
77

964
—
—
45
— 24,124
—
—

(1,361)
(77)

6,169

$ 7,096

$

6,182

$

586

$(1,438) $24,124

128

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Total Net Sales by Geographic Areas (in millions)
United States
Asia/Pacific
Middle East and North Africa
All other (principally Europe)
Total net sales

Total Net Sales by Major Customers (in millions)
Sales to the U.S. government(1)
U.S. direct commercial sales and other U.S.

sales

Foreign military sales through the U.S.

government

Foreign direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)

Total net sales
(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government.

$

Total Net Sales by Contract Type (in millions)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts
Total net sales

Integrated
Defense
Systems
3,499
1,961
5,460

$

$

18

1,265

1,938
5,460

Integrated
Defense
Systems
2,257
932
2,056
215
5,460

$

$

2016

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
$
4,716
423
135
238
5,512

$

Missile
Systems
4,551
648
1,241
534
6,974

$

$

2016

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
4,689
401
421
178
5,689

$

Forcepoint
$
295
49
18
127
489

$

Total
$ 16,508
2,453
3,871
1,292
$ 24,124

Integrated
Defense
Systems
2,239

$

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
$
4,527

Missile
Systems
4,549

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
4,666

$

Forcepoint
$
102

Total
$ 16,083

2

1,008

1,415
6,974

23

304

696
5,689

$

$

193

—

194
489

425

2,899

4,717
$ 24,124

2016

Missile
Systems
4,883
2,091
6,974

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
3,326
2,363
5,689

$

Forcepoint
473
$
16
489

$

Total
$ 14,204
9,920
$ 24,124

189

322

474
5,512

$

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
2,023
$
3,489
5,512

$

$

$

$

129

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Disaggregation of Total Net Sales
 (in millions)
United States

Sales to the U.S. government(1)

Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other

U.S. sales

Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Asia/Pacific

Foreign military sales through the

U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Middle East and North Africa

Foreign military sales through the

U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

All other (principally Europe)

Foreign military sales through the

U.S. government
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts

Total net sales
Intersegment sales
Acquisition Accounting Adjustments
Reconciliation to business segment

sales

27
5

150
119

509
245

720
135

1,246
—

29
24

166
7
5,784
64
—

Integrated
Defense
Systems

Intelligence,
Information
and Services

Missile
Systems

2015
Space and
Airborne
Systems

Forcepoint

Other

Total

$

876
1,526

$

1,065
3,553

$ 2,261
2,077

$

$

2,330
2,015

74
11

92
1

—
—

25
—

—
—

7
—

—
—

$ — $ 6,606
9,182

—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

287
49

734
176

1,292
247

1,444
182

1,861
—

190
86

140
36

185
4

173
—

27
1

128
—

1
—

1
—

259
48

259
1

433
46

474
—

122
58

27
7

140
5

326
1

264
—

6
—

38
4

167
33
5,513
624
—

386
1
6,426
143
—

167
—
5,330
484
—

58
—
268
15
61

944
—
—
41
— 23,321
—
—

(1,330)
(61)

$ 5,848

$

6,137

$ 6,569

$

5,814

$

344

$(1,391) $23,321

(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government.

130

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Total Net Sales by Geographic Areas (in millions)
United States
Asia/Pacific
Middle East and North Africa
All other (principally Europe)
Total net sales

Total Net Sales by Major Customers (in millions)
Sales to the U.S. government(1)
U.S. direct commercial sales and other U.S.

sales

Foreign military sales through the U.S.

government

Foreign direct commercial sales and other 

foreign sales(1)

Total net sales
(1)  Excludes foreign military sales through the U.S. government.

$

Total Net Sales by Contract Type (in millions)
Fixed-price contracts
Cost-type contracts
Total net sales

Integrated
Defense
Systems
3,723
2,061
5,784

$

$

Integrated
Defense
Systems
2,434
1,023
2,101
226
5,784

$

$

2015

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
$
4,794
362
156
201
5,513

$

Missile
Systems
4,339
567
953
567
6,426

$

$

2015

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
4,379
472
270
209
5,330

$

Forcepoint
$
178
25
7
58
268

$

Total
$ 16,124
2,449
3,487
1,261
$ 23,321

Integrated
Defense
Systems
2,402

$

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
$
4,618

Missile
Systems
4,338

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
4,345

$

Forcepoint
$
85

Total
$ 15,788

32

1,177

2,173
5,784

1

966

34

451

93

—

336

2,812

1,121
6,426

$

500
5,330

$

90
268

4,385
$ 23,321

2015

Missile
Systems
4,195
2,231
6,426

$

Space and
Airborne
Systems
3,298
2,032
5,330

$

Forcepoint
$
256
12
268

$

Total
$ 13,358
9,963
$ 23,321

176

218

501
5,513

$

Intelligence,
Information
and Services
$
1,886
3,627
5,513

$

$

$

$

131

First

$ 6,000
1,470
497
506

Second
$ 6,281
1,596
547
553

Third
$ 6,284
1,594
568
572

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Note 18: Quarterly Operating Results (Unaudited)

2017 (in millions, except per share amounts, stock prices and workdays)
Total net sales
Gross margin
Income from continuing operations
Net income attributable to Raytheon Company
EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company 

common stockholders(1)

Basic
Diluted

EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders(1)

Basic
Diluted

Cash dividends per share

Declared
Paid

Common stock prices

High
Low

Workdays(2)

2016 (in millions, except per share amounts, stock prices and workdays)
Total net sales
Gross margin
Income from continuing operations
Net income attributable to Raytheon Company
EPS from continuing operations attributable to Raytheon Company 

common stockholders(1)

Basic
Diluted

EPS attributable to Raytheon Company common stockholders(1)

Basic
Diluted

Cash dividends per share

Declared
Paid

Common stock prices

 
$

 

 

1.73
1.73

1.74
1.74

0.7975
0.7325

156.97
142.90
64

First
$ 5,802
1,361
404
428

1.43
1.43

1.43
1.43

 
$

 

 

Fourth(3)
$ 6,783
1,612
387
393

 
$

 

 

 

1.35
1.35

1.35
1.35

0.7975
0.7975

191.38
179.58
58

$

 

 

 

1.97
1.97

1.97
1.97

0.7975
0.7975

186.58
162.57
62

Third
$ 6,014
1,540
541
544

Fourth
$ 6,279
1,591
553
555

1.84
1.84

1.84
1.84

0.7325
0.7325

$

 

 

 

1.88
1.87

1.88
1.88

0.7325
0.7325

 
$

 

 

 

$

 

 

1.90
1.89

1.90
1.89

0.7975
0.7975

164.26
149.95
64

Second(4)
$ 6,029
1,667
714
717

 
$

 

 

2.41
2.41

2.41
2.41

0.7325
0.6700

0.7325
0.7325

High
Low

150.54
132.97
Workdays(2)
57
(1)  EPS is computed independently for each of the quarters presented; therefore, the sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not equal the total 

128.24
117.62
65

136.66
124.22
64

142.65
134.90
63

computed for each year.

(2)  Number of workdays per our fiscal calendar, which excludes holidays and weekends.
(3) 
(4) 

In the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded a provisional tax-related expense of approximately $171 million due to the enactment of the 2017 Act.
In the second quarter of 2016, we recorded the sale of our equity method investment in TRS SAS at fair value, which resulted in a tax-free gain of 
$158 million, at IDS, that was recorded in operating income through a reduction in cost of sales.

132

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 
DISCLOSURE
 
None.
 
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Management has conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as 
defined in Rules 13a–15(e) and 15d–15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2017.
 
Conclusion of Evaluation—Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded 
that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2017 were effective. 
 
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls—In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, 
management recognizes that any control, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, 
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of 
controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and 
instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 
Evaluation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting—Management’s Report on Internal Control Over 
Financial Reporting is set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm—The effectiveness of our internal control over financial 
reporting as of December 31, 2017 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public 
accounting firm, as stated in their report which is set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting—There were no changes in our internal control over financial 
reporting during the fourth quarter of 2017 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal 
control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
 
None.
PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 
Information regarding members of our Board of Directors will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018
Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption “Election of Directors” and is incorporated herein by reference. Information 
regarding our executive officers is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant.” 
Information regarding Section 16(a) compliance will be contained in our definitive proxy statement under the caption “Section 
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” and is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding our Audit 
Committee and our Audit Committee Financial Expert will be contained in our definitive proxy statement under the caption 
“The Board of Directors and Board Committees” and is incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers, employees and representatives. Information 
regarding our Code of Ethics will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 
under the caption “Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics and Conflicts of Interest” and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Information regarding the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors will 
be contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption “Corporate 
Governance—Director Nomination Process.” 

133

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
This information will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the 
captions  “Executive  Compensation,”  “Director  Compensation”  and  “The  Board  of  Directors  and  Board  Committees—
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED 
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and for directors and executive officers will be contained 
in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption “Stock Ownership” and is 
incorporated herein by reference. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
The following table provides information about our equity compensation plans that authorize the issuance of shares of our 
common stock. This information is provided as of December 31, 2017.

(A)
Number of securities
to be issued upon
exercise of
outstanding options,
warrants and rights(1)
1,519,357

(B)
Weighted average
exercise price of
outstanding options,
warrants and rights(2)
$—

(C)
Number of securities
remaining available
for future issuance
under equity
compensation plans
(excluding securities
reflected in 
column A)
6,223,073

Plan Category
Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders
Equity compensation plans not approved by

stockholders

—
Total
6,223,073
(1)  This amount includes 962,961 shares, which is the aggregate of the actual number of shares that will be issued pursuant to the 2015 Long-term 
Performance Plan (LTPP) awards and the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon settlement of outstanding 2016 and 2017 LTPP awards, 
including estimated dividend equivalent amounts. The shares to be issued pursuant to the 2015, 2016 and 2017 LTPP awards will be issued under the 
Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan. The material terms of the 2015, 2016 and 2017 LTPP awards are described in more detail in “Note 14: Stock-based 
Compensation Plans” within Item 8 of this Form 10-K. These awards are granted as restricted stock units (RSUs) and though generally settled in stock, 
may be settled in cash, stock or a combination of both cash and stock at the discretion of the Management Development and Compensation Committee 
(MDCC).

—
1,519,357

—
$—

This amount also includes 556,396 shares that may be issued upon settlement of RSUs, generally issued to retirement-eligible and non-U.S. employees. 
The shares to be issued in settlement of the RSUs will be issued under the 2010 Stock Plan. The RSUs generally vest one-third per year on the second, 
third and fourth anniversaries of the date of grant.

(2)  Since RSU awards do not have an exercise price, and there are no other options, warrants or rights outstanding at December 31, 2017, the weighted-

average exercise price is zero.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
 
This information will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the 
captions “Corporate Governance—Board Independence,” “Corporate Governance—Transactions with Related Persons” and 
“Stock Ownership—Five Percent Stockholders” and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
 
This information will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the 
caption “Independent Auditors: Audit and Non-Audit Fees” and is incorporated herein by reference.
 

134

PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)  Financial Statements and Schedules

(1)  The following financial statements of Raytheon Company, supplemental information and report of independent 

registered public accounting firm are included in this Form 10-K:

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Five-Year Statistical Summary (Unaudited)

Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated February 14, 2018 on the Company’s financial statements filed as 
a part hereof for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and on the Company’s internal control 
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K. The independent registered public accounting firm’s consent with respect to this report appears in Exhibit 23 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(2)   List of financial statement schedules:

All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the information is otherwise 
included.

(b)  Exhibits:

The following list of exhibits includes exhibits submitted with this Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and those incorporated 
by reference to other filings.

3.1

3.2

3.3

3.4

3.5

4.1

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Raytheon Company, restated as of April 2, 2002, filed as an exhibit to the 
Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-85648, is hereby incorporated by reference.

Certificate  of  Amendment  of  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  Raytheon  Company,  amended  as  of 
May 5, 2005, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2005, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.

Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Raytheon Company, as amended as of June 2, 
2010, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 27, 2010, is 
hereby incorporated by reference.

Amendment to Article V of Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended as of May 29, 2014, filed as Appendix 
A to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 25, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference.

Raytheon Company Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended as of May 26, 2016, filed as an exhibit to the 
Company’s Form S-3 Registration Statement filed June 6, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference.

Indenture relating to Senior Debt Securities dated as of July 3, 1995, between Raytheon Company and The Bank 
of New York, Trustee, filed as an exhibit to the former Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File 
No. 33-59241, is hereby incorporated by reference.

135

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6

4.7

Indenture relating to Subordinated Debt Securities dated as of July 3, 1995, between Raytheon Company and The 
Bank of New York, Trustee, filed as an exhibit to the former Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File 
No. 33-59241, is hereby incorporated by reference.

Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 1997, between Raytheon Company and The Bank of New York, 
Trustee, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997, 
is hereby incorporated by reference.

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 9, 2001, between Raytheon Company and The Bank of New York, 
Trustee, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 10, 2001, is hereby incorporated 
by reference.

Form of Senior Debt Securities, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 
333-58474, is hereby incorporated by reference.

Form of Subordinated Debt Securities, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3, File 
No. 333-58474, is hereby incorporated by reference.

Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance, dated April 1, 2005, between Raytheon Company and 
The  Bank  of  New York  appointing  Successor Trustee,  Paying Agent  and  Registrar  in  connection  with  certain 
securities originally authorized and issued under the Indenture dated as of July 3, 1995, filed as an exhibit to the 
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 27, 2005, is hereby incorporated by 
reference.

No other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt are filed since the total amount of securities authorized 
under any such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company on a consolidated basis. The Company 
agrees to furnish a copy of such instruments to the SEC upon request.

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

10.6

10.7

10.8

Raytheon Company 2001 Stock Plan, as amended on September 21, 2005, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 25, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan, as amended as of May 24, 2017, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Raytheon Company 1997 Nonemployee Directors Restricted Stock Plan, as amended on September 21, 2005, filed 
as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 25, 2005, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

Raytheon Company Excess Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009, as further amended 
effective January 1, 2010 and November 1, 2013, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report for the year 
ended December 31, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Raytheon Company Excess Pension Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009, as further amended 
effective January 1, 2009, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 
2013, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Raytheon Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 
2009, as further amended effective January 1, 2011, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report for the year 
ended December 31, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Raytheon Company Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009, as further 
amended effective January 1, 2009, January 1, 2010, May 6, 2010 and November 1, 2013, filed as an exhibit to the 
Company’s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Raytheon 2017 Incentive Plan, filed as Appendix A to the Company’s definitive proxy statement filed on April 21, 
2017, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

136

10.9

10.10

10.11

10.12

10.13

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17

10.18

10.19

10.20

10.21

10.22

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Raytheon Company 2001 Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit to 
the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2004, is hereby incorporated 
by reference.#

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Raytheon Company 2001 Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit 
to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2004, is hereby incorporated 
by reference.#

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit to the 
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement with respect to the Long-term Performance Plan, under the 
Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended July 2, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for U.K. employees under the Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan, filed 
as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2010, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Certain Retirement Eligible Employees under the Raytheon 
2010 Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 
2, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Certain Retirement Eligible Non U.S. Employees under the 
Raytheon 2010 Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended July 2, 2017 is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 1997 Nonemployee Directors Restricted Stock Plan, filed as 
an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Form of Stock Award Agreement under the 1997 Nonemployee Directors Restricted Stock Plan, filed as an exhibit 
to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2008, is hereby incorporated by 
reference.#

Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between the Company and certain executive officers (providing 
for benefits in the event of a qualified termination upon a change in control of three times base salary and bonus), 
filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between the Company and certain executive officers (providing 
for benefits in the event of a qualified termination upon a change in control of two times base salary and bonus), 
filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

Form of Amendment to Change in Control Severance Agreement between the Company and its executive officers, 
filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between the Company and certain executive officers (providing 
for benefits in the event of a qualified termination upon a change in control of one times base salary and bonus), 
filed as an exhibit to the Company’s current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2016, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

10.23

Summary of Executive Severance and Change in Control Guidelines, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

10.24 Agreement between Raytheon Company and William H. Swanson, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Current 

Report on Form 8-K filed July 28, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

137

10.25

10.26

10.27

10.28

10.29

Summary of Key Employee Permanent Domestic Relocation Policy, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Letter Agreement dated February 21, 2006 between Raytheon Company and David C. Wajsgras, filed as an exhibit 
to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 28, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Summary of the Raytheon Company Results-Based Incentive Program, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed December 14, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Summary of the Raytheon Company Long-term Performance Plan, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual 
Report for the year ended December 31, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers, filed 
as an exhibit to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 23, 2007, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

10.30

Form of Clawback Policy Acknowledgement, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for the year ended December 31, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

10.31 Agreement dated January 15, 2015 by and between Raytheon Company and Jay B. Stephens, filed as an exhibit to 
the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2015, is hereby incorporated by 
reference.#

10.32

10.33

10.34

Transition Agreement dated July 30, 2015 between Raytheon Company and Daniel J. Crowley, filed as an exhibit 
to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 11, 2015, is hereby incorporated by reference.#

Letter Agreement dated January 21, 2015 by and between the Company and Anthony F. O’Brien, filed as an exhibit 
to the Company’s current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2016, is hereby incorporated by 
reference.#

Letter Agreement dated December 16, 2014 by and between the Company and Frank R. Jimenez, filed as an exhibit 
to the Company’s current Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2016, is hereby incorporated by 
reference.#

10.35 Amendment to Letter Agreement dated January 23, 2015 by and between the Company and Frank R. Jimenez, filed 
as  an  exhibit  to  the  Company’s  current  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended April  3,  2016,  is  hereby 
incorporated by reference.#

10.36

Summary of Executive Perquisites.#*

10.37

Five-Year  Competitive Advance  and  Revolving  Credit Agreement  by  and  among  Raytheon  Company  as  the 
Borrower,  the  Lenders  named  therein,  and  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.  as Administrative Agent,  dated  as  of 
November 13, 2015, filed as an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 16, 2015, 
is hereby incorporated by reference.

12

21

23

31.1

31.2

32.1

32.2

Statement regarding Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges for the year ended December 31, 2017.*

Subsidiaries of Raytheon Company.*

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.*

Certification of Thomas A. Kennedy pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

Certification of Anthony F. O’Brien pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

Certification of Thomas A. Kennedy pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**

Certification of Anthony F. O’Brien pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**

138

101

The following materials from Raytheon Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2017, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) 
Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated 
Statements  of  Equity;  (v)  Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows;  and  (vi)  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements.*

(Exhibits marked with an asterisk (*) are filed electronically herewith.)

(Exhibits marked with two asterisks (**) are deemed to be furnished electronically herewith, and not filed.)

(Exhibits marked with a pound sign (#) are compensatory plans or arrangements.)

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

139

SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RAYTHEON COMPANY

/s/ Michael J. Wood

Vice President, Controller and Chief

Michael J. Wood
Accounting Officer

 
Dated: February 14, 2018 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURES

TITLE

/s/ Thomas A. Kennedy
Thomas A. Kennedy

/s/ Anthony F. O’Brien
Anthony F. O’Brien

/s/ Michael J. Wood
Michael J. Wood

/s/ Tracy A. Atkinson
Tracy A. Atkinson

/s/ Robert E. Beauchamp
Robert E. Beauchamp

/s/ Vernon E. Clark
Vernon E. Clark
/s/ Stephen J. Hadley
Stephen J. Hadley
/s/ Letitia A. Long
Letitia A. Long

/s/ George R. Oliver
George R. Oliver
/s/ Dinesh C. Paliwal
Dinesh C. Paliwal
/s/ William R. Spivey
William R. Spivey

/s/ James A. Winnefeld, Jr.
James A. Winnefeld, Jr.

/s/ Robert O. Work
Robert O. Work

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

Vice President, Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting
Officer)

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

140

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DATE

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

February 14, 2018

This page intentionally left blank

INVESTOR INFORMATION

Global Headquarters 
Raytheon Company  
870 Winter Street  
Waltham, Massachusetts 02451  
781-522-3000

Common Stock Symbol 
Raytheon Company common stock is listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange. The ticker symbol is RTN.

Annual Meeting 
The 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held on 
Thursday, May 31, 2018, at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time 
The Ritz-Carlton, Pentagon City 
1250 South Hayes Street 
Arlington, Virginia 22202 
703-415-5000

Stock Transfer Agent, Registrar and Dividend 
Disbursing Agent 
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company is Raytheon’s transfer 
agent and registrar and maintains the company’s stockholder 
records. Inquiries concerning dividend payments, name and address 
changes, lost stock certificate replacement, stock ownership 
transfers, and Form 1099 questions should be directed to: Raytheon 
Company, c/o American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 6201 15th 
Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219, at 800-360-4519.

Dividend Reinvestment 
Raytheon Company has a Dividend Reinvestment Plan administered 
by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. This plan gives 
stockholders the option of having their cash payments applied to the 
purchase of additional shares. For enrollment information about this 
plan, call 800-360-4519.

Investor Relations 
Security analysts, shareholders and investment professionals with 
other inquiries regarding Raytheon Company should contact: 
Kelsey DeBriyn, vice president, Investor Relations, Raytheon Company, 
870 Winter Street, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451, at 781-522-5123.

Media Relations 
Members of the news media requesting information about Raytheon 
should contact: Corinne Kovalsky, vice president, Corporate Public 
Relations, Raytheon Company, 870 Winter Street, Waltham, 
Massachusetts 02451, at 781-522-5899.

Website 
Raytheon’s website offers financial information and facts about 
the company, its products and services. We periodically add 
additional news and information. Raytheon’s website address is 
http://www.raytheon.com. We make our website content available 
for informational purposes only. It should not be relied upon for 
investment purposes, nor is it incorporated by reference into this 
annual report.

Dividend Distribution/Direct Dividend Deposit 
Common stock dividends are payable quarterly upon authorization 
of the board of directors. Direct Dividend Deposit (via ACH) is 
available to Raytheon stockholders. For enrollment information, call 
American Stock Transfer & Trust at 800-360-4519.

Copies of Reports 
Copies of the company’s annual reports, latest SEC filings, quarterly 
earnings reports and other information may be requested through 
the company’s website at http://www.raytheon.com or by calling 
781-522-5123.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS1
(In millions, except per share amounts)

Backlog

Net sales

Operating income

Diluted EPS from continuing operations

Operating cash flow from continuing operations

Dividends declared per share

2017

$38,210 

 25,348 

 3,318 

 6.94 

 2,747 

 3.19 

2016

2015

2014

2013

 $36,709 

 $33,839 

 $33,571 

 $33,685 

 24,124 

 23,321 

 22,826 

 23,706 

 3,295 

 7.55 

 2,852 

 2.93 

 3,067 

 6.87 

 2,346 

 2.68 

 3,179 

 6.97 

 2,064 

 2.42 

 2,938 

 5.96 

 2,382 

 2.20 

1   Amounts prior to 2015 do not reflect the impact of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), in the first quarter of 2017.  

See “Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” within Item 8 of our 2017 Form 10-K for additional information.

© 2018 Raytheon Company. All rights reserved. Raytheon is an equal opportunity employer.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

THOMAS A. KENNEDY
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Raytheon Company

LETITIA A. LONG
Retired Director, National Geospatial- Intelligence Agency

VERNON E. CLARK*
Retired Chief of U.S. Naval Operations

TRACY A. ATKINSON
Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer,  
State Street Corporation

GEORGE R. OLIVER
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  
Johnson Controls International plc

DINESH C. PALIWAL
President, Harman International Industries, Inc.

ROBERT E. BEAUCHAMP
Chairman, BMC Software, Inc.

WILLIAM R. SPIVEY
Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Luminent, Inc.

ADRIANE M. BROWN 
Retired President and Chief Operating Officer,  
Intellectual Ventures, LLC

STEPHEN J. HADLEY
Principal, RiceHadleyGates LLC

JAMES A. WINNEFELD, JR.
Retired Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff

ROBERT O. WORK
Retired Deputy Secretary of Defense

 * Lead Director

LEADERSHIP TEAM

THOMAS A. KENNEDY
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

WESLEY D. KREMER
President, Integrated Defense Systems

RALPH H. ACABA
Vice President, Program Management 
Excellence

LAWRENCE J. HARRINGTON
Vice President, Internal Audit

JOHN D. HARRIS II
Vice President, Business Development 
Raytheon International, Inc.

FRANK R. JIMENEZ
Vice President, General Counsel 
and Secretary

TAYLOR W. LAWRENCE
President, Missile Systems

RANDA G. NEWSOME
Vice President, Human Resources  
and Global Security

ANTHONY F. O’BRIEN
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

REBECCA R. RHOADS
President, Global Business Services

MARK E. RUSSELL
Vice President, Engineering, Technology 
and Mission Assurance

DAVID C. WAJSGRAS
President, Intelligence, Information 
and Services

PAMELA A. WICKHAM
Vice President, Corporate Affairs 
and Communications

M. DAVID WILKINS
Vice President, Contracts and Supply Chain

RICHARD R. YUSE
President, Space and Airborne Systems

ENGINEERING A SAFER WORLD

2018 Proxy Statement

ENGINEERING A SAFER WORLD

2017 Annual Report

ENGINEERING A SAFER WORLD

2017 Corporate Responsibility Report

Shareholders’ Meeting 
Thursday, May 31, 2018
11:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time

The Ritz-Carlton, Pentagon City
1250 South Hayes Street
Arlington, VA 22202

2018 Proxy Statement

2017 Annual Report

2017 Corporate Responsibility Report

For further information about Raytheon, we invite you to review our 
investor communications at http://www.raytheon.com

Raytheon.com

@Raytheon

Raytheon

@RaytheonCompany

Raytheon

Raytheon Company 
870 Winter Street 
Waltham, Massachusetts 
02451-1449 USA

© 2018 Raytheon Company. All rights reserved. Approved for public release. Patriot is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of the Army; Forcepoint, RedOwl and Skyfence are 
registered U.S. trademarks of Forcepoint, LLC; Newsweek’s Green Rankings is a registered U.S. trademark of Newsweek, LLC; F-15 is a registered U.S. trademark of The Boeing Company; 
EA-18G and GROWLER are registered U.S. trademarks of the U.S. Department of the Navy; MQ-9 REAPER is a registered U.S. trademark of General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc.; 
Excalibur, SM-3, SM-6, SkyHunter, Raytheon, and the Raytheon red block design are registered U.S. trademarks of Raytheon Company; and SDB II, Tomahawk, Enhanced Paveway, InSITE, 
and PAX are trademarks of Raytheon Company. Designed by Addison 

Joint Polar Satellite System Common Ground System image, credit, Reuben Wu; DDG 1000 image provided by U.S. Navy; SM-3 image provided by U.S. Missile Defense Agency; image  
of Irma, Jose and Katia, provided by NASA; artistic rendering of a hypersonic weapon, artistic rendering of Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle, artistic rendering of a Small Diameter Bomb II,  
and artistic rendering of EA-18G GROWLER, all cleared for public release; photos of MRZR HEL, Patriot AESA Radar, and soldiers in the field, all cleared for public release. 

